
                               1 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday

LG mobile boss faces tough leadership test

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 822 words


LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno introduces the company's latest
flagship LG G5 during a promotional event in Shinsa, southern Seoul, March 24. /
Courtesy of LG ElectronicsG5 handset receives impressive response

Can LG Electronics get its mojo back and stand up to Samsung Electronics and
Apple in the fight for a bigger slice in the global smartphone industry?

Given the initial impressive sales of its latest flagship smartphone - LG G5 -
expectations are high that the G5 will help LG muscle in on the two market
leaders and rising Chinese competitors.

According to officials at LG Electronics and its mobile carriers, the G5 has
been selling 15,000 units daily in Korea since the device's March 31 launch.
This is three times that of its previous model, they said.

'To respond with growing consumer demand, LG's handset manufacturing lines in
Korea are in full operation,' an executive at an LG technology affiliate said,
Sunday, adding that LG will soon begin producing the G5 at its plants in
Vietnam.

Officials say the fate of Cho Juno, LG Electronics' CEO and mobile chief, will
depend upon the success of the G5, as Cho directly managed the development of
the G5 from early stages.

The most distinguished features that differentiate the G5 from other phones are
the company's decisions to adopt a full metal body, detachable battery and
modular design, which officials say were decided by the LG CEO.

'Cho has taken a serious approach for the G5,' said the executive. 'LG's
decision to unveil the device at February's mobile convention in Spain sent the
message that the G5 is mature enough to directly take on Samsung Electronics'
Galaxy S7 in the market. If G5 fails to make a substantial impact, then Cho's
leadership will be questioned.'

The so-called 'Cho Juno mobile' is made in close collaboration with LG Group's
technology affiliates, as LG Display, LG Chem and LG Innotek supplied its
state-of-the-art display, battery and camera module, respectively.

Ambitiously, the G5 equals the Samsung Galaxy S7 in terms of suggested retail
price, a major reversal from its long-time pricing strategy in which LG has been
offering its flagship model at heavier discounts than Samsung devices.

Still, it seems too early to say whether or not the G5 will land in the market
softly, as some call the decision to adopt the modular design controversial.

'How strong LG's third-party supporters are is the key for the fate of the
modular G5,' said the executive. 'If more third parties join with LG for the
development of G5-compatible accessories, then LG may create its own ecosystem,
meaning should LG invest more in accessory developers.'

Cho didn't comment on the sales target of the G5, however, stressing that it
will satisfy the demand of consumers seeking 'something interesting.'

'G4 received a good response from professionals thanks to the highly advanced
camera function, but the model received a lukewarm response in the markets,
awakening me that LG needs radical differentiation to win more from consumers,'
Cho recently told reporters.

The LG mobile chief started his career in the mobile industry in 2000 and he
significantly helped LG rise as a titan in the era of 'feature phones' with the
huge successes of Chocolate- and Shine-branded phones in 2004 and 2007.

He handled LG's mobile phone business in the United States and was named company
CEO after the approval of its shareholders on March 18.

LG's mobile business reported 43.8 billion won in operating losses last quarter.

Good review

The G5 has been available in the United States, which LG considers its
most-crucial market, since April 1. LG hopes to maintain its impressive initial
momentum in Europe and the United States, as well as South Korea.

Due to its tightened marketing budget compared to its chief rival Samsung
Electronics, LG has been focusing on Europe, Southeast Asia, South America and
the United States rather than China.

'LG Electronics will be aggressive even in China,' said the executive. 'However,
LG won't follow Samsung Electronics in marketing. We will do the best we can.
Huge offline marketing activities are cash-intensive. The company's top priority
is to have more LG-fanboys even though the numbers will be small.'

Local analysts said the G5 will make a positive impact on the bottom line of LG
Electronics in the first quarter of this year.

Hyundai Securities analyst Kim Dong-won said sales of the G5 will reach 10.6
million units, up 136 percent from the G4. 'G5 will be the most successful model
in terms of sales given our inventory checks,' Kim said.

Kim Ji-san from Kium Securities said it's possible that the G5, which is
available in four colors (silver, titan, gold and pink), will become a '10
million seller' in 12 months.

Considering LG Group's unique supply chain management, brisk sales of its
flagship mobile affects the sales and profits of the group's component units
including LG Display, LG Chem and LG Innotek.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        May 24, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

LG G5 'FRIENDS' Companion Devices Launch in US

LENGTH: 764  words


May 24 -- Beginning today, LG Electronics' (LG) customers in the US can get
their hands on the highly anticipated LG G5 "Friends" companion devices,
including the LG CAM Plus, LG 360 CAM, LG 360 VR and LG TONE PlatinumTM on LG.
com. The recently launched LG G5 smartphone showcases a new modular design that
lets owners easily add LG Friends to transform the G5 into a DSLR-inspired
camera, mobile virtual reality viewer and even a 360 video camera.

The LG Friends are available now via major US carriers and at retail locations
as well as the expanded LG online store - a destination to find great products
that help customers get the most out of their favorite LG smartphones. LG.com
will also serve as a way to order LG G5 batteries and new charging cradles in
the coming weeks - which can be used to charge the G5. In addition, the online
store offers batteries and charging cradles for beloved products such as the LG
G3, LG G4, and LG V10*.

For a limited time only, the store will be rewarding loyal customers with
several promotions to celebrate some of LG's most successful products and
innovations. Consumers can take advantage of deep discounts including up to 70
percent off MSRP for, G4 and V10 battery and charger bundles starting for as low
as $20.**

"The LG 'Friends' make the G5 so much more than any other phone on the market.
It is the future of smartphone technology, but available today," said Morris
Lee, President of LG Electronics Mobile USA and Head of North America Mobile
Business. "With the updated online destination, we are offering our customers
yet another way to take ad- vantage of unique LG innovations - from the G5
modular design to the removable bat- tery feature found in the G4 and V10."

Life's Good When You Play More

The LG G5 features an all-new sleek, metal alloy body but a modular-type design
that let's you add LG Friends and transform the G5 into a DSLR-inspired camera,
mobile virtual reality viewer and 360 video camera. As part of the ecosystem, LG
Friends aim to deliver fun while providing a new mobile experience far beyond
traditional smartphone boundaries. Connecting the LG Friends to LG G5, the LG
Friends app is the hub that allows the smartphone to connect with the LG Friends
with minimal effort. The LG Friends app detects nearby LG Friends and connects
in three simple steps, eliminat- ing much of the hassle of pairing devices.

LG plans to launch additional LG Friends in the coming weeks and months,
including companion devices created by third party developers. Current Friends
****include:

LG CAM Plus - A versatile camera module that can be attached to the LG G5 to
deliver the comfortable grip and convenient control as found on a standard
camera. The LG CAM Plus provides physical buttons for power, shutter, record,
zoom and a battery LED indicator. What's more, the LG G5 also offers intuitive
auto focus and exposure lock, features usually found on standalone digital
cameras that photography enthusiasts using the CAM Plus can enjoy. The CAM Plus
also features an embedded battery, which ensures that owners can shoot more
videos and photos when the module is at- tached to the LG G5.

LG 360 CAM - A compact 360-degree angle camera that can be easily connected to
the LG G5 via Bluetooth and through the LG Friends app, allowing users to create
360- degree photos and videos. It's equipped with two 13MP 200-degree wide angle
camer- as and a 1,200mAh battery. The LG 360 CAM provides 2K video and 5.1
surround channel recording on three microphones to help users effortlessly
create high-quality 360-degree content. The images can be viewed on the LG G5,
the LG 360 VR or other smartphones and devices that are capable of displaying
360-degree content. The LG 360 CAM app is supported on Android 5.0 Lollipop or
later and iOSTM 8 or later.

LG 360 VR - A VR goggle that can be connected with the G5 via a dedicated cable
to view 360 content and even simulate a viewing experience of a 130-inch TV from
two meters away. It has a stylish design that is foldable so that users can
easily carry and watch VR content. Unlike other VR devices, the LG 360 VR does
not require a smartphone to be inserted into the device and it weighs only 118g
(4.16 ounces) - one- third the weight of competing VR goggles. The device is
compatible with 360-degree images and videos captured with LG 360 CAM as well as
Google Cardboard and YouTube 360 content.

Disclaimer: The full PDF release can be found at (http://www.lg.
com/us/PDF/press-release/LG_Mobile_G5_
Friends_Companion_Devices_Press_Release_FINAL_05_24_16.pdf).

Source: LG Electronics USA

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

LG debuts its first ever modular smartphone

LENGTH: 617  words


LG Electronics (LG) unveiled its highly anticipated LG G5 smartphone that
delivers greater smartphone experience. Encased in a sleek metal aluminum body
and slide-out battery, the LG G5 surpasses the visual experience of its
predecessor, the LG G4.

"The new LG G5 rediscovers the true joy of a mobile life," said Juno Cho,
president and CEO of LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company. "The G5 and
LG Friends are the result of many experts inside LG asking themselves if it was
still possible to be innovative and unique in the smartphone space. I think once
customers spend a little time with the LG G5, their answer will be a resounding
yes".

"LG today is shaking the smart mobiles market with a revolutionary attractive
smartphone; the LG G5", said Eddie Jun, President of LG Electronics Saudi
Arabia. He added: "The consumer will enjoy high-quality smartphone at affordable
prices and many entertaining features not found on any other phones on the
market.  Our goal is to be on the top smartphone makers in the world with proven
products that fulfill our brand promise to make consumers' lives easier."

LG's innovative Modular Type design gives LG G5 the ability to transform into a
digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more. The LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY is an
innovative portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player developed in collaboration with B&O
PLAY to enjoy top-notch sounds.  LG G5 has two cameras on the rear: one with a
standard 78-degree lens and another with a 135-degree wide angle lens, the
widest available in any smartphone.  The LG G5 features a collection of powerful
photo effects including Pop-out Picture, Film Effect and Auto Shot.

The 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display offers an Always-on feature, the first
on a main smartphone display that requires only 0.8 percent of the battery's
full capacity per hour to operate. Another advanced display feature is Daylight
Mode, which gives the G5 exceptional outdoor visibility. LG 360 VR is a VR
goggle that can be connected with the G5 via a dedicated cable and works
exclusively with the G5 to simulate a 130-inch TV viewed from two meters away.
It has a foldable stylish design to easily carry and watch VR content anytime,
anywhere. LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera with two 13MP
200-degree wide-angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4 GB internal memory; which
can be supplemented by a microSD card.

The LG Rolling Bot captures images and videos with its embedded 8MP camera,
while LG Tone PlatinumTM is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman
Kardon Platinum grade for its superior sound quality. H3 by B&O PLAY is a set of
active noise cancelling high-end earphones compatible with the high-quality
sound of the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY. Through the LG Smart Controller you
check the video stream from the drone through the LG G5 in real time.

Only available in the LG G5, Friends Manager allows G5 to connect with LG
Friends with minimal fuss and effort. LG G5 offers many other innovations
including the powerful yet energy-efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
offering advanced features such as 64-bit performance, Adreno 530 graphics and
lower-power Hexagon DSP as well as Qualcomm Spectra[TM] 14-bit dual image signal
processors (ISPs) with high resolution DSLR-quality images and additional power
savings.

There is also the aptX HD: 24-bit Hi-Fi Wireless Audio that delivers rich and
clear sound.  LG G5 also offers Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 for incredibly fast
charging, it is 27% faster and 45% more efficient than the previous generation.
LG G5 has excellent battery life; enhancing the battery efficiency by as much as
41.9 percent.  - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/37/145692158495.jpg

LG Friends

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 modular smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 52,990; freebie on
offer;
LG has launched its first modular smartphone LG G5 in India priced at Rs 52,
990. LG G5 is flagship smartphone of the company and will be available
exclusively on the Flipkart.

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 236  words


LG has launched its first modular smartphone LG G5 in India priced at Rs 52,
990. LG G5 is flagship smartphone of the company and will be available
exclusively on the Flipkart.

The LG G5 features a 5.3-inch Quad HD display and is powered by Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 chipset.

LG has launched its flagship device LG G5 modular smartphone in India priced at
Rs 52,990, which will be available exclusively on Flipkart
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/flipkart/). LG says customers who pre-book
LG G5 will get the companion device, LG Cam Plus, free with the smartphone.

The LG G5 features a 5.3-inch Quad HD display and is powered by Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 chipset. The smartphone comes with 4GB RAM and 32GB expandable
memory. On camera front, LG G5 sports dual rear cameras and both the cameras
work independently. The primary camera is a 16MP while second is 8MP.

LG G5 has 2800mAh battery and it can be expanded to 4,000 mAh with CAM Plus
module. The smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow with its own UI on top.

LG G5 is the first flagship of the company to feature metal unibody design. LG
G5's modular slot can be swapped with different modules termed as Friends by the
company.

Key features:

Display: IPS LCD Corning Gorilla Glass v4

RAM: 4GB

Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset

Memory: 32 GB inbuilt expandable up to 2 TB

Battery: 2800mAh expandable up to 4,000 mAh

OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

Price: Rs 52,990

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 makes its debut in UAE

LENGTH: 395  words


LG's latest flagship makes its way to the Middle East

LG launched its latest flagship, the LG G5 today, along with its lineup of
modular components, called the LG G5 Friends. Packed with high end
specifications and impressive features, the LG G5 and Friends earn the tite of
the world's first revolutionary modular smartphone.

The phone comes with a sleek aluminum body design and smoothly curved edges. The
battery can also be removed to be replaced by a fully charged one when needed.
It has a 3D Arc Glass featured in the smartphone's 5.3-inch display creates a
gentle curve and a smooth metal surface using microdizing process which takes
anodized aluminum to a whole new level. The LG G5 also comes with Day Light
mode, which offers perfect outdoor visibility, while the Always-on Display,
which shows date, time and event notifications at all times, without taking away
much battery power. The camera on the G5 is also the first one in the world to
come with a 135 degree wide angle lens, which can be used easily with the LG G5
CAM Plus, while the 360 CAM captures scenes in 360 degrees. It also has Hi-Fi
Plus with B&O PLAY and H3 by B&O PLAY lets users enjoy high-quality sound.

The G5 also has its own LG 360 VR glasses designed to go with the LG G5 is a VR
goggle that can be connected with the G5 by a dedicated cable and works
exclusively with the G5.

Commenting on the local launch, Mr. Yong Geun Choi, President of LG Electronics
Gulf, said, "Smartphone consumers in the UAE are saturated in terms of the
experiences they get from devices. The launch of the LG G5 provides us the
unique opportunity to satiate the evolving consumer demands for flexibility,
adaptability and fresher experiences."

The G5 is equipped with only Snapdragon 820, which guarantees the best
performance in both CPU and GPU. Last but not the least, the LG G5 features
Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0, which intelligently finds optimum voltage setting for
a given device. Qualcomm Quick Charge 3.0 is 4X faster than conventional
charging, thus users can experience the fastest charging solution. Click here
for a more detailed spec sheet. The phone is priced at AED 2499, while the
prices of the accessories are yet to be revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/146061837659.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/74/146061837968.JPG



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/30/146061838348.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        May 20, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG Announces Pre-Booking Of LG G5

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 463  words


The modular smartphones will be available for online pre-bookings exclusively on
Flipkart and select retail outlets from the 21st to the 30th of May

LG Electronics India Limited (LG) has officially announced the pre bookings for
its highly anticipated, world's first modular smartphone LG G5, which will be
open from May 21, 2016. The flagship smartphone will be available for
pre-booking at mobile stores, at LG brand shops and online exclusively at
Flipkart. Customers can pre-booktheir LG G5 from May 21, 2016 to May 30, 2016.
Pre-booking orders also include a promotional offer of a free LG Cam Plus along
with the phone.

The G5 comes with a brand new design; a sleek, metal unibody featuring a
slide-out Battery tray and a Modular Type design that enhances the overall
smartphone experience by providing true convergence whereby the smartphone
transforms into being smartphone plus camcorder or smartphone plus Hi-Fi music
amplifier etc.

The LG G5 is equipped with the powerful yet energy-efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon
820 processor, which offers advanced features such as 64-bit performance,
Qualcomm Adreno 530 graphics and lower-power Qualcomm Hexagon DSP as well as
Qualcomm Spectra 14-bit dual image signal processors (ISPs) designed to deliver
high resolution DSLR-quality images and additional power savings. The Snapdragon
820 processor also has an integrated X12 LTE modem that supports Category 12
download speeds of up to 600 Mbps and LTE Category 13 uplink speeds of up to 150
Mbps.

Amit Gujral, Marketing Head - Mobiles, LG India said, "The wait for the most
anticipated smartphone, in fact the first ever modular phone of 2016 to arrive
in India is now over. Customers can now pre-book the LG G5 and we hope more and
more people will take advantage of this opportunity. The G5 is our most
innovative smartphone till date and consumers would surely be awestruck on the
most innovative modular concept of LG G5. We are very excited to bring LG G5 to
India."

Anil Goteti, VP - Business, Flipkart said, "We are happy to partner with LG to
host the pre-bookings of LG G5. Backed by new-age technology and unique add-ons,
this new device will offer customers an enhanced user experience. We are
confident that the G5 will be well received by the customers."

Sunil Lalvani, Vice President and President of Qualcomm India, said, "Qualcomm
Technologies is very pleased to work with LG on their latest flagship device,
the LG G5, featuring the Snapdragon 820 processor with Qualcomm TruSignal
Multi-Antenna Boost technology, enabling a superior and reliable connected
experience. LG and Qualcomm

Technologies have worked together for many years with the shared goal of
enabling new and exciting user experiences for consumers. We look forward to
seeing the LG G5 launch in India."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

LG unveils G5 at MWC '

LENGTH: 414 words


LG Electronics Mobile Communications CEO Cho Juno introduces the G5, the
company's new premium smartphone, at the Sant Jordi Club in Barcelona, Spain,
late Sunday, a day ahead of the beginning of this year's Mobile World Congress
(MWC). LG overhauled the design of its flagship mobile device by adopting a full
metal surface and adding various new features. / Courtesy of LG ElectronicsBy
Kim Yoo-chul

BARCELONA, Spain - LG Electronics unveiled its latest premium G5 smartphone at
Sant Jordi Club, Sunday (Seoul time), a day before the opening of the Mobile
World Congress (MWC), here.

LG pins its hopes for a rebound in its market share on the new flagship
smartphone.

The company adopted a modular design for the model, allowing it to be used with
other devices.

The modular handset features a 'Magic Slot' at the bottom of the phone, allowing
various accessories and hardware add-ons to the phone.

The G5's expandability will help LG gain greater traction in the market, the
company's mobile chief Cho Juno said.

'Physical combination between external hardware devices and the G5 will allow LG
to strengthen the LG-initiated mobile ecosystem,' Cho said during the event
which was packed with more than 500 media and industry officials.

The G5 significantly improved its battery, display and camera functions thanks
to an alliance with LG's three technology affiliates - LG Display, LG Chem and
LG Innotek.

Moreover, it went with a full metal body, a major overhaul for the device
design.

The G5 expanded its removable battery capacity to 2,800 milliampere hours (mAh),
the measure commonly used to describe the energy charge that a battery will hold
and how long a device will run before the battery needs recharging.

With the collaboration of Bang & Olufsen (B&O), the G5 also comes with improved
audio through 'Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY.'

The G5 also has a large 5.3-inch LCD display.

On top of the key features, the G5 comes with Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 820
chip. LG also released eight LG G5 Friends accessories during its Unpacked
event.

Virtual reality (VR) equipment, cameras and camcorders can be added to the G5.

Cho will hold a press conference on Tuesday for the Korean media, to update the
company's mobile business strategies.

'LG can deliver some solid technological advances that will help it stand apart
from rivals,' said Patrick Moorhead, an analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy.
'Marketing has been a traditional weak spot for LG. It needs to improve its game
this time around.'

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 27, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

LG to Launch 2016 Flagship G5 in India, in Next Quarter

LENGTH: 569  words


Saturday, February 27, 2016: LG Electronics India Limited (LG), India's most
loved consumer durable company, today announced that it will launch the LG G5,
its flagship smartphone for 2016, in India in the next quarter. The handset,
unveiled at the recent Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, has already
garnered over 33 awards and commendations from some of the most renowned
publications and blogs making it one of the best received smartphones so far.

The G5 comes with a brand new design with a sleek, metal uni-body featuring a
slide-out Battery tray and a Modular Type design that enhances the overall
smartphone experience. This is accompanied by LG Friends, a collection of
companion devices that can transform the G5 into a digital camera, Hi-Fi player,
and much more.

The handset comes encased in a sleek metal aluminum body, surpassing the visual
experience of its predecessor. Its 135-degree, wide angle lens allows you to get
more in the shot. It's always-on Display makes notifications just a glance away
with the time and date available anytime. The 3D Arc Glass featured in the
smartphone's 5.3-inch display creates a gentle curve and a smooth colorful metal
surface formed through an advanced microdizing process takes the anodized
aluminum finish to a whole new level.

LG G5's insulative antenna is invisibly integrated into the body without
disrupting handsets seamless look of the metal uni-body. LG's designers took the
metal body concept one step further by adding a Shiny cut edge for added
contrast and a more comfortable grip.

LG's First Modular Type Smartphone

LG's innovative Modular Type design gives the LG G5 the ability to transform
into a digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more, while evolving to marry the
traditional removable battery in a full metal uni-body design for the first time
ever. It is your life companion, make it a phone, camera, player depending upon
your mood.

Diverse Range of Companion Devices

With the G5, LG is introducing a paradigm-shifting smartphone ecosystem - the LG
Playground. As part of the ecosystem, LG will bring forth a wide range of
companion devices, aptly called LG Friends, to deliver fun while providing a
whole new mobile experience that transcends far beyond the traditional
smartphone boundaries.

The very diverse range of Companion devices with LG G5 includes LG 360 VR, LG
360 CAM, LG Rolling Bot, LG Tone PlatinumTM, H3 by B&O PLAY, LG Smart Controller
and LG Friends Manager.

Announcing the launch of LG G5 next quarter, Mr Amit Gujral, Marketing Head -
Mobiles, LG India, said "We are really happy to see all the positivity around
the LG G5 ever since its global unveil at the MWC. In fact, in a survey
conducted in Korea the LG G5 topped consumer preference leaving its closest
competitors trailing far behind. We hope to make this available to users in
India very soon and are optimistic that consumers will love its revolutionary
design and features."

Key Specifications:

Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

* Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi)

* Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM / 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

* Camera: Rear: Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP / Front: 8MP

* Battery: 2,800mAh (removable)

* OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

* Size: 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm

* Weight: 159g

* Network: LTE / 3G / 2G

* Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C) / NFC /

Bluetooth 4.2

* Colors: Silver / Titan / Gold / Pink

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Comparison: LG G5 vs Apple iPhone 6S

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 170 words


Korean smartphone giant LG has launched its. Key highlights of the LG G5 are:
Slide-out battery, dual-camera and Snapdragon 820 processor.

Though the company has not announced the smartphone's availability and pricing,
it said that the 'modular smartphone' will be available simultaneously across
the world. Here's how the LG's latest high-end smartphone G5 compares with
Apple's iPhone 6S.

Display

LG G5: 5.3 inch, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors

iPhone 6S: 4.7 inch, 1334 x 750 IPS LCD

Processor

LG G5: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820

iPhone 6S: Apple A9 64-bit dual-core 1.84GHz

Software

LG G5: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

iPhone 6S: iOS9

RAM

LG G5: 4GB

iPhone 6S: 2GB

Storage

LG G5: 32GB, expandable up to 2TB

iPhone 6S: 16/64/128GB

Camera:

LG G5: Features dual rear cameras -- standard 16MP and wide angle 8MP; 8MP front

iPhone 6S: 12MP rear camera with dual LED 'True Tone' flash, 4K video; 5MP front
camera

Battery

LG G5: 2800mAh, can be boosted by another 4,000mAh

iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715 mAh

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  SME Channels

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG presents Modular smartphone in India

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: India


India, June 2 -- LG Electronics has announced the launch of its first ever
modular smartphone, G5 in India. This highly anticipated smartphone comes with a
sleek metal uni-body featuring a Slide-out battery and a Modular Type design
that gives a greater smartphone experience. G5 is also accompanied with LG
Friends, a collection of companion devices like LG CAM Plus, LG 360 CAM and LG
360 VR.

Encased in a sleek metal aluminum body and Slide-out Battery to easily swap out
a discharged battery for a fully charged one in seconds, the LG G5 surpasses the
visual experience of its predecessor, the LG G4.

First, the G5's 135-degree wide angle lens lets you choose between standard or
wide angle to get more in the shot. Second, the Always-on Display makes
notifications just a glance away with the time, date and more available anytime
without waking the G5. Third, the 3D Arc Glass featured in the smartphone's
5.3-inch display creates a gentle curve and a smooth colorful metal surface
through an advanced microdizing process which takes anodized aluminum to a whole
new level.

Furthermore, the insulative antenna is invisibly integrated into the body
without disrupting the seamless look of the metal uni-body. LG designers took
the metal body concept one step further by adding a Shiny Cut edge for added
contrast and a more comfortable grip.

Speaking on the occasion, Kim Ki Wan, Managing Director, LG Electronics India,
said, "We are really proud to bring the LG G5 to India. With this smart phone,
we are living up to our promise of Innovation for a Better Life; LG has always
brought something really innovative to the world of smartphones. This year yet
again with G5, we have come up with a very unique concept of modular smart
phone. This phone will certainly amaze the smart phone users with its ability to
be transformed into multiple devices like digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more.
G5 will certainly redefine smart phone experience for consumers."

Commenting on this launch, Ajay Yadav, VP - Smartphones, Flipkart said,
"Technology is one of the key drivers in the Indian smartphone market. LG's G5
is packed with innovation and new-age technology. We are happy to introduce LG's
flagship product as an online exclusive on our platform. The pre-booking
response has been great and we expect this new offering from LG will be a hit
with our customers."

Sunil Lalvani, Vice President and President of Qualcomm India, said, "Qualcomm
Technologies is very pleased to work with LG on their latest flagship device,
the LG G5, featuring the Snapdragon 820 processor with Qualcomm TruSignal
Multi-Antenna Boost technology, enabling a superior and reliable connected
experience. LG and Qualcomm Technologies have worked together for many years
with the shared goal of enabling new and exciting user experiences for
consumers. We look forward to seeing the LG G5 launch in India."

Compared to the previous generation Snapdragon processor, Qualcomm Technologies'
most advanced CPU architecture offers double the speed and power savings. Adreno
530 graphics demonstrate up to 40 percent faster graphics performance and up to
40 percent more power efficiency compared to the previous generation. The
Snapdragon 820 processor also supports 4K capture and playback at four times
more than the resolution of 1080p, enabling users to watch and capture their
daily moments in stunning de-tail and clarity. The processor is also optimized
for VR, generating quality pixels and life-like colors to deliver the ultimate
VR experience to G5 users.

As part of the ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion devices,
aptly called LG Friends, to deliver fun while providing a new mobile experience
far beyond traditional smartphone boundaries.

LG G5 will be available in India at Rs. 52,990/-

Key Specifications:*

Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi)

Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM / 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

Camera: Rear: Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP / Front: 8MP

Battery: 2,800mAh (removable)

OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

Size: 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm

Weight: 159g

Network: LTE / 3G / 2G

Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C) / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

Colors: Silver / Titan / Gold / Pink

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Channels. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                   Copyright 2016 Accent Info Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

LG Debuts the G5, Its 1st Ever Modular Smartphone

LENGTH: 904  words


LG Electronics (LG) has unveiled its highly anticipated LG G5 smartphone, a
brand new design with not only a sleek, metal body featuring a slide out
removable battery but a modular design that gives a greater smartphone
experience. Complete with LG Friends, a collection of companion devices, the G5
can be transformed into a digital camera, hi-fi player and more.

Encased in a sleek all metal body design and slide-out battery to easily swap
out a used battery for a fully charged one in seconds, the LG G5 surpasses the
visual experience of its predecessor, the LG G4. First, the G5's 135-degree wide
angle lens lets you choose between standard or wide angle lens to get more in
the shot. Second, the Alwayson Display makes notifications just a glance away
with the time, date and more available anytime without waking the G5.

Third, the 3D Arc Glass featured in the smartphone's 5.3-inch display creates a
gentle curve and a smooth metal surface using Micro-Dizing techniques. Plus the
G5's camera and home button on the back cover are seamlessly integrated into the
main body without the use of insulation tape for strong signal reception.

LG's First Modular Type Smartphone LG's innovative Modular Type design gives the
LG G5 the ability to transform into a digital camera, hi-fi player and more all
while keeping its traditional removable battery in an all metal uni-body design
for the first time ever.

CAM Plus

The LG CAM Plus is a versatile camera module that can be attached through the
battery slot to deliver a comfortable grip and convenient control of a DSLR. The
LG CAM Plus provides physical buttons for power, shutter, record, zoom, LED
display and comfortable hand grip. It also offers intuitive auto focus and
exposure lock, features usually found on standalone digital cameras. When
attached to the LG G5, it provides an additional battery capacity of 1,200mAh to
allow for longer shooting times for more fun and enjoyment.

Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play

The LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play is an innovative portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player
developed in collaboration with B&O Play to meet the needs of those who seek to
enjoy top-notch sounds that have traditionally only been available through
high-end audio devices. LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play stands out for its simple
yet elegant Scandinavian design as well as premium sound technology. In addition
to the up-sampling technology that was embedded for the 32-bit Hi-Fi DAC on the
previously-introduced V10, the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play actually supports
32-bit, 384KHz high-definition audio playback. LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play can
be used either as a module with the LG G5 or as a separate Hi-Fi DAC by
connecting to any smartphone or PC.

Always-on Display for Enhanced

Convenience The 5.3-inch QHD IPS Quantum display on the LG G5 offers an
Always-on feature, the first on an IPS smartphone display. First introduced in
the LG V10 as the Second Screen, the Always-on feature has been enlarged for the
main display to show time, date and battery status continuously, even while the
screen is in sleep mode.

To minimize power consumption, LG redesigned the display driver IC memory and
power management function so that the display's backlight only illuminates one
small part of the overall display, similar to the technology used on LCD TVs.
Thanks to this technology, the Always-on Display requires only 0.8 percent of
the battery's power every hour to operate.

Extreme Wide Angle Lens and Advanced UX

Reflecting LG's longstanding reputation as a leader in smartphone cameras, the
LG G5 has two cameras on the rear: one with a standard 78-degree lens and
another with a 135degree wide angle lens, the widest available in any
smartphone. The 135-degree lens on the LG G5 offers a viewing angle that is
approximately 1.7 times wider than those of existing smartphone cameras and 15
degrees wider than the human eye's field of view. The wide angle lens makes it
easier for users to capture more landscape, taller buildings or larger groups
without having to position oneself further from the subject.

The LG G5 features a collection of powerful photo effects including Pop-out
Picture, Film Effect and Auto Shot. Pop-out Picture combines images taken by the
standard and wide angle lens to create a picture-in-aframe effect. Film Effect
can apply nine different film emulators to an image while Auto Shot is an
enhanced camera UX which automatically captures the perfect selfie shot when a
face is recognized.

Diverse Range of Companion Devices

As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices, aptly called LG Friends, to deliver fun while providing a new mobile
experience far beyond traditional smartphone boundaries. 360 CAM The LG 360 CAM
is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with two 13MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4G internal memory.

The LG 360 CAM can be easily connected to the LG G5 allowing users to easily
create 360-degree content. The LG 360 CAM provides a manual mode, 2K video and
5.1 surround channel recording on three microphones to help users effortlessly
create high-quality 360degree contents. Thanks to the partnership with Google,
images taken with the 360 CAM can be uploaded to Street View and YouTube360,
adding the fun of sharing creative contents with others. The images will also be
available to view on the LG 360 VR or other smartphones or devices that are
capable of 360-degree content.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

LG mobile sales staff attend training for G5 smartphone

LENGTH: 258  words


The LG Electronics mobiles sales staff who participated in the training for the
G5 smartphone.

LG Electronics has trained its mobile sales staff across Qatar on the
capabilities of the upcoming LG G5.
The training was provided at a leading cinema hall in Doha with the content
shown over a wide screen with surround sound.


The participants were later treated to lunch at a leading Asian restaurant
followed by a special screening of the movie Batman vs Superman.
"The LG G5 is a pioneer phone in modular design and it was only befitting that
we trained our sales staff in a unique way to help them better understand the
unique features that the G5 has to offer," said C V Rappai, director and CEO of
Video Home & Electronic Centre.
"Having the training in a cinema as against a mundane training room was also
part of the LG G5 campaign theme of Let's Play More," he explained.
The LG G5 has so far won a record 33 awards including Best New Smartphone at MWC
2016 from the GSMA's Glomo Awards, the mobile industry's longest established
awards platform for innovation,
excellence and achievement.
The LG G5 boasts of a sleek, metal uni-body featuring a slide-out battery and a
modular type design. With LG Friends, a collection of companion devices that
include Cam plus, LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY, 360 VR, 360 Cam, Rolling Bot,
Tone Platinum, H3 by B&O Play, the G5 can be transformed into a digital camera,
Hi-Fi player and more.
The LG G5 will be available by the third week of April in Qatar across Jumbo
Electronics showrooms and leading hypermarkets.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2016 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                       June 1, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LG G5 - first ever modular smartphone launched in India at Rs 52990

LENGTH: 507  words


LG G5 - first ever modular smartphone launched in India at Rs 52990


The device features a 5.3 inch display, quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB internal storage, Android Marshmallow OS, 16MP rear and
8MP front camera, 4G connectivity and has 2800 mAh battery

LG Electronics India Limited, on Wednesday announced the launch of its first
ever modular smartphone, G5 in India at Rs. 52,990.



The G5 features a 5.3 inch QHD display with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolution. The
device is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC with 4GB RAM and
32GB of internal storage that is further expandable up to 2TB using a microSD
card.

LG G5 sports a 16 megapixel rear camera with laser autofocus and also houses an
8 megapixel front camera. It runs the latest Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow OS and is
power backed by a 2800 mAh removable battery. It measures 149.40x73.90x7.70mm,
and weighs 159 grams.

For connectivity, it includes: LTE / 3G / 2G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, USB
Type-C), NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and is available in Silver, Titan, Gold and Pink
Colors.

"We are really proud to bring the LG G5 to India. With this smart phone, we are
living up to our promise of Innovation for a Better Life; LG has always brought
something really innovative to the world of smartphones. This year yet again
with G5, we have come up with a very unique concept of modular smart phone. This
phone will certainly amaze the smart phone users with its ability to be
transformed into multiple devices like digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more. G5
will certainly redefine smart phone experience for consumers," said Kim Ki Wan,
Managing Director, LG Electronics India.

"Technology is one of the key drivers in the Indian smartphone market. LG's G5
is packed with innovation and new-age technology. We are happy to introduce LG's
flagship product as an online exclusive on our platform. The pre-booking
response has been great and we expect this new offering from LG will be a hit
with our customers," said Ajay Yadav, VP - Smartphones, Flipkart.

"Qualcomm Technologies is very pleased to work with LG on their latest flagship
device, the LG G5, featuring the Snapdragon 820 processor with Qualcomm
TruSignal Multi-Antenna Boost technology, enabling a superior and reliable
connected experience. LG and Qualcomm Technologies have worked together for many
years with the shared goal of enabling new and exciting user experiences for
consumers. We look forward to seeing the LG G5 launch in India," said Sunil
Lalvani, Vice President and President of Qualcomm India.

Key Specifications:

? Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

? Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi)

? Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM / 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

? Camera: Rear: Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP / Front: 8MP

? Battery: 2,800mAh (removable)

? OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

? Size: 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm

? Weight: 159g

? Network: LTE / 3G / 2G

? Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C) / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

? Colors: Silver / Titan / Gold / Pink

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5 World's Best Smartphone at Mobile World Congress 2016

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 15 -- LG Electronics bagged a total of 33 awards at the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) 2016 held recently in Barcelona, Spain. LG'S amazing G5
Smartphone alone amassed 21 major awards including the events top honour - the
"Best Mobile Handsets & Devices Award", securing LG'S status as the most
honoured company at the show. With an estimated 100,000 attendees, the MWC 2016
is considered to be the industry's keystone event.

The awards ceremony recognized the Modular Type innovation behind LG'S latest
flagship smartphone, the LG G5 and Friends, demonstrating how the company is in
the forefront of mobile communications. LG G5 and Friends earned top honours
from Android Authority, Digital Trends, Trusted Reviews and Ubergizmo, among
others.

"The initial response to our new LG G5 has been phenomenal and rewards the
effort our experts have made to create something genuinely innovative and unique
in the smartphone category," said Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics
Mobile Communications Company and added, "The G5 and its Friends modules are
aimed at giving consumers a more playful smartphone experience and these awards
suggest that we have offered something truly different in the market."

LG unveiled the G5 Smartphone to high acclaim before a 2,000-strong crowd prior
to the main MWC event. The flagship smartphone is a brand new design with a
sleek, metal unibody featuring a Slide-out Battery and a Modular Type design
that gives a greater smartphone experience. Complete with LG Friends (a
collection of companion devices), the G5 can be transformed into a digital
camera, Hi-fi Player and more.

The 21 Awards amassed by LG G5 are Best Mobile Handsets and Devices (GSMA),
Major Revelacao (4gnews), Best Smartphone (Alphr), Best of MWC 2016 (Android
Authority), MWC Top Pick (Android Central), Best Innovation (Android Pit), MWC
2016 Winner (BGR), Most Innovative (Chip Chick), Best Innovation (Computer
Bild), Top Tech of 2016 (Digital Trends), Best of Innovation/ Best Smartphone
(Expert Reviews), Best of Innovation/best Smartphone (Know Your Mobile),
Editor's Choice (Men's Health), Best Smartphone/ Most Innovative Company
(Mobilegeeks), Best Smartphone/ Best Accessory (Slashgear), Best in Show
(Techradar), Best of MWC (Tom's Guide), Best of MWC (Tom's Hardware), Best of
MWC 2016 (Trusted Reviews), Best of MWC (Ubergizmo).

Abans, the sole agent in Sri Lanka for LG Smartphones, will officially launch
the multi award winning LG G5 Smartphone in the upcoming months. The World's
best smartphone 2016 will soon be available at all Abans Showrooms and selected
key partners with unmatched offer for credit card holders and other customers.
LG G5 will be on 0 percent interest at Abans Showrooms Island wide. Be Smart,
Choose Smart.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

LG unveils modular G5 camera, Hi-Fi audio player, 360 VR and more at MWC 2016

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 568 words


At, on the sidelines of MWC 2016, the South Korean electronics giant launched
its range of accessories which includes the LG CAM Plus, Hi-Fi Plus audio
player, 360 VR, 360 CAM, LG Tone Platinum Bluetooth headset, H3 earphones, Smart
Controller and Rolling Bot.

The modular design of thewhich features a slide-out battery compartment, can be
used to attach a camera or Hi-Fi player module.

In order to convert the G5 into a full-fledged digital camera, users can opt for
LG's CAM Plus module. It can be attached through the battery slot to get a
comfortable grip and control of a standalone camera. The LG CAM Plus provides
physical buttons for power, shutter, record, zoom, LED indicator and comfortable
grip. When attached to the LG G5, it provides an additional battery capacity of
1,200mAh.

To get better sound, the same slot can be used to attach LG's Hi-Fi Plus unit
which is powered by B&O PLAY. It is simply a portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player
that can be used either as a module with the LG G5 or as a separate Hi-Fi DAC by
connecting to any smartphone or PC. In addition to the 32-bit Hi-Fi DAC first
introduced on the LG V10; the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY also supports 32-bit
384KHz high-definition audio playback.

On the other hand, the LG 360 VR is a VR goggle that can be connected with the
G5 via a dedicated cable and works exclusively with the G5 to simulate a
130-inch TV viewed from two meters away. The device is compatible with
360-degree images and videos captured with LG 360 CAM as well as all Google
Cardboard content.

(LG 360 CAM)

The LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with two 13MP
200-degree wide angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory, which
can be supplemented by a microSD card. The LG 360 CAM can be connected to the LG
G5 allowing users to create 360-degree content.

It provides 2K video and 5.1 surround channel recording on three microphones to
create high-quality 360-degree contents. Images taken with the 360 CAM can be
uploaded to Google Street View and YouTube360. The images will also be available
to view on the LG 360 VR or other smartphones or devices that are capable of
360-degree content.

The LG Rolling Bot is a monitoring device which rolls like a ball and captures
images and videos with its embedded 8MP camera. The LG Rolling Bot can be used
as a monitoring system for the home, pet care companion as well as a remote
controller for compatible home appliances. With an IP camera connectable via
Wi-Fi, users can remotely monitor the interior of their homes with LG G5 via
live streaming.

The LG TONE Platinum (model HBS-1100), the latest in the LG TONE Series, is a
Bluetooth headset boasting Harman Kardon's Platinum grade. This is the world's
first Bluetooth headset equipped with aptX HDcodec, delivering lossless 24-bit
audio, claims LG.

Part of B&O PLAY series, LG H3 are a set of high-end earphones compatible with
the high-quality sound of the LG Hi-Fi Plus. The earphones support all Android
smartphones.

The LG Smart Controller allows users to easily control certain drones. With the
LG Smart Controller, users can check the video stream from the drone through the
LG G5 in real time and control the unmanned aircraft with the LG Smart
Controller joystick.

LG's Friends Manager is a hub application that allows the G5 to connect with LG
Friends and automatically detects nearby devices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7: The modular smartphone looks very cool;
MWC 2016: Samsung Galaxy S7 is the new flagship, and we look at how it stacks up
against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and more.

BYLINE: Shruti Dhapola

LENGTH: 1102  words


MWC 2016: Samsung Galaxy S7 is the new flagship, and we look at how it stacks up
against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and more.

Samsung's Galaxy S7 and the LG G5 are the most talked about smartphones at the
MWC 2016 and naturally so, given they are the new flagships from their
respective companies.

While S7 follows the design philosophy of its predecessor, the LG G5 has
generated a lot of interest thanks to its modular design and plug in features
like a battery, an additional camera module, and more.There's no doubt that for
hardcore geeks, the LG G5 has their attention.

We compare how the S7 stacks up against LG G5 in terms of specs, features and
more.

The general specs: Let's get these out of the way first.

The Galaxy S7 comes with a 5.1-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED display in the regular
version and a 5.5-inch dual edge Quad HD Super AMOLED screen in the S7 edge.

Both smartphones have an 'Always-On Display,' are IP68 water and dust resistant,
run Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), come with 4GB RAM (LPDDR4) RAM with 32 and 64 GB
versions. S7 series also supports micro-SD slots with up to 200 GB of extra
space.

Samsung hasn't revealed the processor though it's reported that one version will
run the new Snapdragon 820. For now, we know that the S7 series will have two
processors: one is a 64-bit octa-core processor (2.3GHz Quad + 1.6GHz Quad) and
the second a 64-bit quad-core processor (2.15GHz Dual + 1.6GHz Dual).

The rear camera is 12 megapixel (F1.7 aperture), the front camera is 5 megapixel
with OIS . There's a 3,000 mAh battery in the regular S7, while the S7 edge has
a big 3600 mAh battery.

In case of the LG G5 has a slightly bigger (compared to S7) 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS
Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi), runs the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, has 4GB RAM, 32GB storage space (microSD expandable up to 2TB). It
comes with a 2800 mAh battery, which is removable, and has USB Type-C for fast
charging.

The rear camera is a dual-camera set-up with a 16 megapixel camera and a
wide-angle eight megapixel camera. The front camera is eight megapixels and the
smartphone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. More on the camera below.

So what's really different with the S7 and the LG G5?

Camera: There's no doubt that LG G5 appears to have trumped the S7 in some ways
by going for a dual-camera set-up on the back. LG says the G5 has a 135-degree
wide angle lens, for a wider view. It's also added some new features to the
camera such as Pop-out Picture, Film Effect and Auto Shot. Pop-out Picture
combines images taken by the standard and wide angle lens to create a
picture-in-a-frame effect.

But what is more interesting is the LG G5's modular design, which lets users add
something called a Cam Plus to the smartphone, and convert it into a digital
camera. LG says the Cam Plus has buttons for power, shutter, record, zoom, LED
indicator and comfortable grip, along with intuitive auto-focus and exposure
lock. It gives the G5 an additional battery capacity of 1,200mAh when attached.

The only problem is that we don't know much LG is going to price this camera
module. But even without the camera module, the dual-rear camera sounds pretty
exciting.

Samsung, however, has stuck to increasing the pixel size and improving image
quality in low-light settings for the S7, S7 edge. S7 comes with Dual Pixel
technology, which the company claims that the pixels in its camera are bigger
(around 30 per cent bigger than the iPhone 6s Plus) and thus allow for sharper,
clearer pictures, even in low-light surroundings.

The company adds that the dual-pixel technology works like a human eye, allowing
for a faster focus while taking a picture. Samsung has also added 'Motion
Panorama' which adds action to your panorama shot. It's like 'Live Photos' in
Apple iPhone 6s (http://techie.indianexpress.com/apple-iphone-6s/ie5451820), but
only for panorama mode.

Samsung Galaxy S7's camera set-up might not sound so jazzy or different, but
let's not forget that the company has been doing a great job on this front and
is tough competitor to beat.

Battery: LG G5 comes with a slide-out battery feature, where a user can just
replace the battery in seconds. Now that's something we've not seen in a
flagship. LG G5 also goes for the newer Type-C USB charging port and supports
fast-charging. LG adds that its Always-on Display won't consume too much battery
life either.

Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge come with support for wireless charging, and the
company has stuck with regular micro-USB charging ports. Samsung has also made
the devices water and dust-resistant by sealing the ports from inside, ensuring
better protection for the device's battery. The company claims that the new S7
series comes with air-cooling technology to prevent the smartphone from
over-heating.

LG G5 and friends: The G5 has generated interested not just due to the modular
design but also because LG has rolled out a host of devices to support the
smartphone. For starters, there's the LG Hi-Fi Plus, an audio player, which the
company has developed with B&O PLAY. The portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player offers
high-quality audio, and can be attached as a module to LG G5 or as a separate
Hi-Fi DAC by connecting to any smartphone or PC.

There's also the LG 360 CAM, which can be connected to the smartphones allowing
users to create 360-degree content. Plus an LG Smart Controller to let G5 users
control certain drones, and check the video stream from the drone in real-time.

Samsung S7 and its accessories: The Galaxy S7 might not have a modular design,
or look very different from the S6, but it also supports a slew of accessories.
Samsung has launched its own Gear 360 camera to support the S7, S7 edge, S6
series and the Note 5. The camera which has dual fisheye lenses, with 15
megapixel image sensors each, lets users capture high-resolution (38401920)
360-degree video and 30 megapixel still images. Users can also shoot 180-degree
wide angle video and images with only using one side of the camera lens.

If the camera is synced with a S7 or supported smartphone, users can view the
video-content in real-time.

Of course, VR and VR style content is big for Samsung as was evident with Mark
Zuckerberg's appearance at the launch. The company is giving Gear VR (powered by
Facebook owned Oculus) free to users who pre-order S7 in some parts of the
world.

Conclusion

There's no doubt that both the LG G5 and Galaxy S7 series are good-looking
smartphones, but the former stands out, thanks to the modular design, slide-out
battery feature. Of course, we'll have to wait and see if being different
translates into success for LG in 2016.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5 might have two screens

LENGTH: 239  words


By tbreak Staff -

The LG G5 is almost here, and we are just a week away from its official look at
G5. However, key details of the phone have emerged.

According to the reliable leakster Evan Blass, the LG G5 will come with a
secondary screen. He did not reveal the size, location or purpose of the
secondary screen, but claims to have seen the G5 for himself making it a good
chance that this might be true.

LG has used a second screen earlier on the LG V10, with a small 2.1 inch display
at the top giving the user quick and easy access to notifications and apps.
There is a chance that the second screen on the LG G5 might be for the same
purpose. Blass also suggested that the G5 may come with an extra camera or lens
at the back camera. He mentions that the LG G5 might have a wide angle dual lens
camera on the back, like the LG X Cam.

It is still unclear for what the extra lens will be used. It could be used to
have each lens at a different focal length, allowing optical zooming, or it
could be used to simple adjust the focus of a shot after taking it, similar to
the HTC One M8.

The LG G5 is shaping up to be a pretty powerful phone. Earlier rumors suggest
that it may come with a metal shell, a removable battery, a Snapdragon 820
processor and 4GB of RAM as well. Its just a matter of waiting to see if the G5
will be able to compete with other major reveals during MWC 2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/43/145570086802.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

LG showcases the LG 360 CAM in new teaser video

LENGTH: 178  words


This new video from LG highlights the brand new LG 360 CAM

With the launch of the LG G5 right around the corner, we are starting to see
more about the accessories for the LG G5. Aptly called the LG G5 Friends lineup,
this series of accessories also include various modular accessories.

This new video shows some of the LG 360 CAM's features and options. The video is
essentially a run throigh of the initial set up of the camera as well as using
it. It also looks at the LG G5 companion software, and the Friends Manager App,
which apart from managing the settings for various accessories, lets the user to
use the G5 as a viewfinder for the external camera.

LG is banking on accessories this year with the G5. Other accessories seen in
the G5 lineup include the he LG CAM Plus modular grip accessory, the B&O Hi-Fi
audio module, a Rolling Bot home security robot, and the LG 360 VR headset.
Other third party components may appear later on.

The LG 360 CAM is currently available to pre-order from B&H Photo for $199.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/51/146046007012.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Can LG make 'real difference' with G5?

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 706 words


LG Electronics mobile chief Cho Juno speaks at an event in Seoul last year where
the V10 smartphone was released, in this file photo. Cho plans to update LG's
handset business strategies at a news conference with Korean media on the
sidelines of this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, which
will run throughout next week. / Korea Times file

BARCELONA, Spain - Can LG Electronics make a real difference with its new
flagship smartphone - the LG G5 (G5)?

In a rare decision, LG Electronics, which is Korea's second-largest mobile
manufacturer after Samsung Electronics, has decided to unveil its G5 on Feb. 21,
just ahead of this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) convention to be held here
next week.

Previously, LG had been skipping the annual MWC to introduce its mobile phones
in order to avoid clashing with Samsung, which has used the annual mobile fair
as its podium to release 'another Galaxy.'

This is the first time for LG Electronics to unveil its G-series handset at the
annual MWC fair since the firm entered the smartphone industry.

'LG Electronics hopes this year's MWC will lay the ground to rev up momentum in
the company's handset business,' said an executive at one of LG Group's tech
affiliates.

LG Electronics has been struggling with its mobile division as emerging Chinese
rivals continue to roll out new features on smartphones at low prices.

More consumers are flocking to products manufactured by budget service providers
like Xiaomi and Huawei, forcing LG Electronics out of the top five in 2015 when
it came to smartphone shipments.

The LG executive said it is now looking to reinvent the company's strategy with
no room for 'another mistake.'

LG Electronics remained tight-lipped about the new features of the upcoming G5.
But the executive said, 'One thing that I can say is that the G5 will clearly be
better than the V10 smartphone, which failed to make an impression on consumers
and investors.'

It's highly likely that the G5 will have a metal frame to differentiate it from
previous versions.

Also, the new G-branded mobile phone will be powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon
820 application processor (AP), as the U.S.-based telecom chip giant completed
its 'customization process' to address the AP's overheating problems, said the
executive.

More importantly, while LG agreed that the MWC is the event to highlight its
efforts in the mobile payment business, which is promising and highly potential
for all tech titans from Apple and Google to Samsung, LG isn't ready to divert
attention from its G5 at the MWC, as the company has delayed the official debut
of LG Pay until the second quarter of this year.

'Yes, LG Electronics won't release LG Pay during the 2016 MWC,' said a company
spokesman.

Its mobile chief Cho Juno will update its mobile strategies in a press
conference with Korean media scheduled for Feb. 23 at the Sofia Hotel, here. Cho
plans to discuss its revised pricing strategy of the G5 during the meeting.

In a related note, LG said it will exhibit two mid-range models - the X Cam and
X Screen - to widen consumer choice for competitive budget models. The LG Stylus
2 is also a successor to the LG G4 Stylus, which is a budget model.

All of these will also be exhibited during the convention.

While LG pins high hopes on raising profits, it remains to be seen whether it
will hit the jackpot with the G5 as the company still has to compete with the
Samsung Galaxy 7 and Apple's new iPhone in the premium mobile segment.

LG Electronics saw a steep increase in sales of its LTE-based smartphones in the
second half of last year. However, it reported operating losses of 77.6 billion
won and 43.8 billion won during the third and fourth quarters, respectively,
attributing such dismal performance to heated competition.

CounterPoint Research, a market research firm, said the average selling price of
smartphones, a key barometer to gauge the profitability of handset
manufacturers, may drop to $240 per unit this year from $247 a year earlier.

'Smartphones were already commoditized as a new order has prevailed in the
industry thanks to the Chinese. If you want to see a turnaround in profit, then
you should cut costs and release more competitive models to lift sales,' an
analyst said.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Modular and all, the LG G5 is what you want it to be

BYLINE: Jt Nisay

LENGTH: 1229  words


FROM being the first major-brand smartphone with a modular design to hit the
market, to being the first all-metal handset in LG's award-winning G series, the
LG G5 is-and can be-a lot of things.

This new flagship designed with ambitions to innovate, or, at least, dare to
change the way we look at the smartphones (a classic LG move, must we say), came
away as darling at the Mobile World Congress 2016 in February, besting Samsung's
Galaxy S7 and Xiaomi's Mi5, among others, to win the Best New Smartphone honors.
And with good reason at that.

Despite what might seem as a design that's unsexy, this daring model packs
eye-popping camera features, a perfectly proportioned size and weight that feels
great on hand, and, more important, fluid performance.

The moment we got our hands on this new shiny device, we skipped the undercards
and went straight for the main event by tinkering with its modularity, which is
easily its most interesting feature. Removing the detachable lower chin requires
two hands (one to press the recessed button at the lower left side to pop the
module, and the other to pull it out) plus, as we found out, a surprising amount
of force.

To say the ejection shouldn't be too easy to avoid unwanted disintegration is
fair, but for it to demand that much effort all but confirms the design still
has ways to go.

The 'Magic Slot' can be fitted with modules and peripherals called 'LG Friends'
that cater to various interests. For those who want to take smartphone
photography to the next level, there's the LG Cam Plus that transforms the
handset into a camera in terms of feel and performance, and adds control to the
model's impressive snapping power. Features include a dedicated shutter button,
a zoom dial and an additional 1,200 mAh on top of its built-in 2,800 mAh pack.

And since we're talking about its battery, the G5's registers 200 mAhs smaller
than that of its predecessor's. It can still get through a day of usage, but the
effects of the downgrade can certainly be felt, but is made bearable by
QuickCharge 3.0 technology, which juices up the handset to full in just around
80 minutes and can reach 50 percent as fast as under 30 minutes. Of course, if
all else fails, dried-out batteries of the modular-designed G5 can be swapped
with fully charged one in a jiffy.

Going back to the modules, audiophiles are sure to befriend the LG Hi-Fi Plus
that was made in collaboration with high-end Danish audio designer and
manufacturer Bang and Olfusen. This module features a 32-bit Digital-to-Analog
Converter, an amplifier and audio up-sampling of up to 384 kHz.

There are also stand-alone modules that do not need to physically slot into the
G5, like the Bluetooth-connecting 360 degree VR camera LG 360 CAM; the tethered
reality headset LG 360 VR and the multipurpose LG Rolling Bot.

Much like the G5's modular nature, its built and design are also unprecedented,
especially in LG's G series. Instead of going with plastic/leather of the G4,
the G5 is of metal build. While the change is an improvement over its
predecessor, it falls a tad short against its competitors in terms of premium
feel. The signature curve of LG's G series is also noticeably absent in this
latest flagship that takes some oomph in its style. The volume rockers have also
been relocated to the sides from the back.

But to be fair, the changes seems necessary for this radical device, as
function, after all, is what LG apparently set its sights on in designing the
G5. What we like is the fingerprint sensor with regards to reactive efficiency,
thanks to a thorough scanning process and its placement at the rear.

The power button is still at the back of the handset, like in the G4 and G3
before it, but now doubles as the sensor that turns an, otherwise, idle
stabilizing index finger in one-hand usage to a convenient unlocking mechanism.
Moreover, when you put the phone down at your desk, there's no need to lift it
to unlock the device because of a handy knock-code feature that only requires
the user to tap the screen in a personalized pattern.

More on usability: grip earns this device plus points. At 159 grams and 149.4 x
73.9 x 7.7 millimeters, the G5 offers just-right proportions. It carries a
5.3-inch IPS LCD display with a Quad HD resolution, quite smaller than the G4's
5.5-incher, but the reduced size is too paltry to be noticed even by your
average size junkie, especially with a much raved-about camera performance,
which brings us to our next point.

There's just about as much emphasis put on the G5's modular nature as to its
cameras. The handset comes off the heels of strong reviews for the cameras of
its LG siblings, the G4 and V10, and it's more than safe to say that the G5 runs
away with the torch. The new flagship is marked by a dual-camera set-up, which
takes a page from the V10's double front lenses. However, the G5's pair of eyes
is placed at the rear with a 16 megapixel sensor equipped with OIS and f/1.8
aperture and another that's an 8-MP sensor with f/2.4 aperture and wide-angle
135° field of view (!). Of course, there's also a single 8-MP selfie camera up
front with f/2.0 aperture.

We don't disagree with those who say the G5's show-stealing camera game is its
strongest suit by turning in solid captures that come with excellent detail.
While the 16-MP main camera is more than capable of capturing images with the
clearest detail, the second rear camera is the one that has caught our eye with
its wide shots. And by wide, take this: its field of view spans 135°, while the
human eye sits to about 120° to 124°.

Whether getting the complete picture of a beach with a shoreline's extended
stretch, or a concert's wide crowd, stage setup and night-sky backdrop, the
possibilities are endless with the G5. It's the dream scenario for those who
somehow always get cut-off in group photos-and a nightmare situation for people
who dread photo bombers.

The camera app offers the same extensive interface with the robust manual mode
making a return in the G5, to go with the casual photographer's auto-mode and
other interesting features such as the multiview that operates all three lenses
at once.

The songs of praise can be extended to the G5's software that operates on
Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. LG's 'substance over style' mantra also runs across
the G5's refined performance department where users of previous LG models may
get caught off-guard. Gone is the app drawer and what's left is a much cleaner
and less intrusive interface. When not in use, the time, date and other
notifications are still viewable, thanks to the Always On display feature,
albeit one that's still a work in progress with small icons and illegibility in
the bright outdoors.

As for the specs, the G5's can keep up with the best of them. It features the
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, Adreno 530 GPU and 4GB of RAM that translate to
silky-smooth animations and multitasking operations, without any visible lags.
What's more, the G5 includes a microSD card slot with adoptable storage that can
give a huge boost to its standard 32GB configuration.

All in all, it remains to be seen if the G5's modular design is just the tip of
the iceberg for the whole smart-phone industry or the entirety of a melting one.
But for all the forgivable fizzles of the G5's innovations, the sizzle of the
strengths of LG's newest flagship definitely leaves a much stronger impression.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5 might get Android 7.0 Nougat update next month

LENGTH: 208  words


Look like the G5 will be getting the latest Android OS

Recent rumors suggest that the LG G5 might be in line to get an OTA update to
Android 7.0 sometime in November.

According to a report from the newly refreshed Android Software Updates support
page from Optus, the listing for the G5 shows Android 7.0 in the testing phase,
and is expected to come out for G5 users by mid-November. Earlier, as part of a
preview program, LG allowed  a small number of LG G5 owners in South Korea a way
to get the Android 7.0 update.

However, you need to keep in mind that system update schedules from wireless
carriers are not always reliable, and they can change. On the other hand, LG is
known to be among the first smartphone companies to roll out Android OS updates
for their older devices in the past, making this schedule more believable.

The G5 was LG's flagship for this year, which launched along with the "Friends"
accessories. including camera and speaker modules, that connected directly to
the phone. However, the LG G5 was something of a sales disappointment for the
company. LG hopes to bounce back with the launch its latest smartphone, the LG
V20, which comes with Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. will officially launch
on October 28 in the US.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.



 For more information, please visit https://www.sprint.com/landings/lg-g5/
index.html.



 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:



 "There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to
leave their camera at home &ndash; paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus
Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most
standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering
the highest quality images and prints."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.



 For more information, please visit https://www.sprint.com/landings/lg-g5/
index.html.



 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:



 "There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to
leave their camera at home &ndash; paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus
Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most
standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering
the highest quality images and prints."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.



 For more information, please visit https://www.sprint.com/landings/lg-g5/
index.html.



 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:



 "There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to
leave their camera at home &ndash; paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus
Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most
standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering
the highest quality images and prints."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.



 For more information, please visit https://www.sprint.com/landings/lg-g5/
index.html.



 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:



 "There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to
leave their camera at home &ndash; paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus
Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most
standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering
the highest quality images and prints."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

LG Electronics triumphs at Mobile World Congress

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 11 -- LG Electronics bagged a total of 33 awards at the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) 2016 held recently in Barcelona, Spain.

LG's amazing G5 Smartphone alone amassed 21 major awards including the events
top honour - the "Best Mobile Handsets and Devices Award", securing LG's status
as the most honoured company at the show. With an estimated 100,000 attendees,
the MWC 2016 is considered to be the industry's keystone event.

The awards ceremony recognized the Modular Type innovation behind LG's latest
flagship smartphone, the LG G5 and Friends, demonstrating how the company is in
the forefront of mobile communications. LG G5 and Friends earned top honours
from Android Authority, Digital Trends, Trusted Reviews and Ubergizmo, among
others.

"The initial response to our new LG G5 has been phenomenal and rewards the
effort our experts have made to create something genuinely innovative and unique
in the smartphone category," said Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics
Mobile Communications Company and added, "The G5 and its Friends modules are
aimed at giving consumers a more playful smartphone experience and these awards
suggest that we have offered something truly different in the market."

The 21 Awards amassed by LG G5 are Best Mobile Handsets and Devices (GSMA),
Major Revelacao (4gnews), Best Smartphone (Alphr), Best of MWC 2016 (Android
Authority), MWC Top Pick (Android Central), Best Innovation (Android Pit), MWC
2016 Winner (BGR), Most Innovative (Chip Chick), Best Innovation (Computer
Bild), Top Tech of 2016 (Digital Trends), Best of Innovation/Best Smartphone
(Expert Reviews), Best of Innovation/Best Smartphone (Know Your Mobile),
Editor's Choice (Men's Health), Best Smartphone/Most Innovative Company
(MobileGeeks), Best Smartphone/Best Accessory (Slashgear), Best in Show
(Techradar), Best of MWC (Tom's Guide), Best of MWC (Tom's Hardware), Best of
MWC 2016 (Trusted Reviews), Best of MWC (Ubergizmo).

Abans, the sole agent in Sri Lanka for LG Smartphones, will officially launch
the multi award winning LG G5 Smartphone in the upcoming months. The World's
best smartphone 2016 will soon be available at all Abans Showrooms and selected
key partners with unmatched offer for credit card holders and other customers.
LG G5 will be on 0% interest at Abans Showrooms islandwide.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

LG scraps plan to unveil 'LG Pay' at MWC '

LENGTH: 498 words


LG Electronics mobile chief Cho Juno speaks in a company event to unveil its V10
smartphone in downtown Seoul, last year. / Korea Times fileBy Kim Yoo-chul

LG Electronics has scrapped a plan to unveil the company's new mobile payments
system - LG Pay - at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona.

'LG Electronics has delayed the official launch of LG Pay to the second quarter
of this year to help the new LG flagship smartphone - G5 - receive more media
attention,' an LG official said Friday.

The official denied that the decision was made because of poor support from
major credit card issuers in the company's target markets such as the United
States.

The LG Group's consumer electronics affiliate will hold its unpacked event to
launch the G5 on February 21 at the Sant Jordi Club in Barcelona.

The G5, which will have a 5.3-inch LCD display supplied by LG Display, is the
first under the leadership of LG's mobile chief, Cho Juno, who is also a de
facto CEO of LG Electronics.

'LG can't afford to see another failure of the G5 amid challenging market
situations after its earlier V10 smartphone apparently failed to get much
traction,' said another official at one of LG's technology affiliates.

Since late last year, LG Electronics has been preparing to add the mobile
payment function to its smartphone lineup. In November, LG signed a non-binding
memorandum of understanding with Shinhan Card and KB-Kookmin Card to promote LG
Pay.

It has been said that LG could have the resources to do a universal card for
mass markets. The firm's iteration appears to have the standard features -
better display to let users see which card is active, buttons to select them and
contracts to keep it charged up, LG officials said.

LG is the latecomer to the mobile payments market, which Google, Apple and
Samsung dominate.

Although LG officials have no big concerns about the market potential of mobile
payment systems, the successful launch of the G5 has more priority, they said.

LG Electronics also has decided to use space at MWC that was allocated to LG's
telecom affiliate, LG Uplus, to promote the G5.

'On the LG Uplus front, LG Electronics' decision not to share space is
unsatisfactory; however, we have to admit that LG Electronics feels a sense of
urgency to lift its mobile business,' the official said.

LG's top management has let Cho, who has long served as chief operating officer
(COO) at LG Corp., handle LG's handset business. But Cho's leadership is yet to
be proven, given worsening balance sheets.

Last year, LG's handset business reported an operating loss. The company has
been forced out of the 'top 5' in the global smartphone business because the
industry has been reshaped, focusing on price rather than fancy hardware,
benefiting budget Chinese vendors.

'If LG Pay fails to get attention from the media as much as the company wants,
then things will get worse,' the official said. 'The G5 will be the message that
LG still has the ability to stay with chief competitors.'

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

LG G5 wins at Mobile World Congress

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 17

LENGTH: 226  words


LG Electronics amassed a total of 33 awards at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016
including the event's top honor, Best Mobile Handsets and Devices Award,
securing status as the most honored company at the show. The wins highlighted
the Modular Type innovation behind LG's latest flagship smartphone, the LG G5
and Friends, demonstrating that the company is at the forefront of mobile
communications. LG G5 and Friends earned top honors from Android Authority,
Digital Trends, Trusted Reviews and Ubergizmo, among others.

The initial response to our new LG G5 has been phenomenal and rewards the effort
our experts have made to create something genuinely innovative and unique in the
smartphone space, said Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics Mobile
Communications Company. The G5 and its Friends modules are aimed at giving
consumers a more playful smartphone experience and these awards suggest that we
have offered something truly different in the market.

LG unveiled the G5 to a 2,000 strong crowd prior to the main MWC event to high
acclaim. The flagship smartphone is a brand new design with a sleek, metal
uni-body featuring a Slide-out Battery and a Modular Type design that gives a
greater smartphone experience. Complete with LG Friends, a collection of
companion devices, the G5 can be transformed into a digital camera, Hi-Fi player
and more.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                           August 9, 2016 6:30 AM EST

LG G5: World's first modular smartphone will completely floor you

LENGTH: 640  words


While the world of technology is going ga-ga over the future of modular
smartphones, South Korean electronics conglomerate LG has already translated the
concept into reality with the G5 -- its flagship device that has upped the ante
for other vendors in the customised smartphone market.

The Rs 52,990 G5 features a "slide-out" battery design and dual rear cameras --
the only device to feature dual primary cameras which work independent of each
other -- taking us one step closer to the age of "one device fits all".

The G5 sports a 5.3-inch quad-HD display (2560x1440 pixels) featuring always-on
display technology that allows users to check time and date even when the phone
is in sleep mode.

The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with 4GB
RAM and 32GB of in-built storage that can be expanded up to 2TB via micro-SD
card and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system.

Let us see what works for the device.

The device has a minimalistic metal alloy body design and 3D Arc Glass gives the
display a gentle curve on the top, providing it a refreshing look. It is also
comfortable to hold.

The power button placed at the back also acts as a fingerprint sensor and
unlocks the device within seconds.

The magic lies at the bottom which is removable, swappable and supports modules
which LG calls "LG Friends" -- a collection of devices like LG CAM Plus, LG 360
CAM and LG 360 virtual reality (VR) set. The battery can be removed by pushing a
button located at the lower left of the body.

LG CAM Plus is a versatile camera module that can be attached through the
battery slot to deliver a comfortable grip and convenient control of a
stand-alone camera.

LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with two 13MP
200-degree wide angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory which
can be supplemented by a micro-SD card.

While LG 360 VR is a goggle that can be connected with G5 via a dedicated cable
and works exclusively with the G5 to simulate a 130-inch TV viewed from two
metres away.

All the three modules need to be purchased separately.

The quad-HD display produced higher contrast and vibrant images. The pixel
density has also increased from 538ppi in G4 to 554ppi in G5 that makes up for a
brighter viewing experience -- even outdoors. Apps like Instagram were like a
visual treat.

The touch response is smooth and has a super-responsive feel which comes to life
with the slightest touch.

The Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with 4GB RAM and Adreno 530 GPU, is
capable of playing high-end games and offers a zero-lag computing performance.

For photo enthusiasts, the G5 comes with two rear cameras -- 16MP primary camera
and a second 8MP camera for wide-angle shots. LG has tuned its software for both
the rear cameras to work independently. (We found a great camera with good
shutter speed that is fast to focus.)

The 8MP front camera captured amazing selfies, both in low and bright light
conditions which many smartphones fail to do.

With 2,800mAh battery, we were able to get a 12-hour back-up with calling,
social media apps, music playback, browsing and light gaming.

LG G5 has Quick Charge 3.0 which is 27 per cent faster and 45 per cent more
efficient than the previous generation.

The speaker placed at the bottom is loud enough to watch movies or play games.

What does not work.

When compared with its nearest rival Samsung, LG G5 is neither quite as
beautiful nor does its camera performance shine as brightly as the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge, but there is still a lot that the smartphone offers and being
modular is one of those.

Conclusion: LG G5 is an example of great engineering and a big leap for the
South Korean giant in terms of design, display and camera performance. If you
are a premium device lover, this modular smartphone is what you would love to
see in your pocket.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DayAfter

                                August 16, 2016

Others: World's First Modular Smartphone

BYLINE: Anuj Sharma

LENGTH: 640  words


LG G5 has upped the ante for other vendors in the customized Smartphone market

While the world of technology is going ga-ga over the future of modular
Smartphones, South Korean electronics conglomerate LG has already translated the
concept into reality with the G5 - its flagship device that has upped the ante
for other vendors in the customized Smartphone market. The Rs 52,990 G5 features
a "slide-out" battery design and dual rear cameras - the only device to feature
dual primary cameras which work independent of each other - taking us one step
closer to the age of "one device fits all".

The G5 sports a 5.3-inch quad-HD display (2560x1440 pixels) featuring always-on
display technology that allows users to check time and date even when the phone
is in sleep mode.

The Smartphone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with 4GB
RAM and 32GB of in-built storage that can be expanded up to 2TB via micro-SD
card and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system.

Let us see what works for the device.

The device has a minimalistic metal alloy body design and 3D Arc Glass gives the
display a gentle curve on the top, providing it a refreshing look. It is also
comfortable to hold.

The power button placed at the back also acts as a fingerprint sensor and
unlocks the device within seconds.

The magic lies at the bottom which is removable, swappable and supports modules
which LG calls "LG Friends" - a collection of devices like LG CAM Plus, LG 360
CAM and LG 360 virtual reality (VR) set. The battery can be removed by pushing a
button located at the lower left of the body.

LG CAM Plus is a versatile camera module that can be attached through the
battery slot to deliver a comfortable grip and convenient control of a
stand-alone camera.

LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with two 13MP
200-degree wide angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory which
can be supplemented by a micro-SD card.

While LG 360 VR is a goggle that can be connected with G5 via a dedicated cable
and works exclusively with the G5 to simulate a 130-inch TV viewed from two
meters away.

All the three modules need to be purchased separately.

The quad-HD display produced higher contrast and vibrant images. The pixel
density has also increased from 538ppi in G4 to 554ppi in G5 that makes up for a
brighter viewing experience -- even outdoors. Apps like Instagram were like a
visual treat.

The touch response is smooth and has a super-responsive feel which comes to life
with the slightest touch.

The Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with 4GB RAM and Adreno 530 GPU, is
capable of playing high-end games and offers a zero-lag computing performance.

For photo enthusiasts, the G5 comes with two rear cameras - 16MP primary camera
and a second 8MP camera for wide-angle shots. LG has tuned its software for both
the rear cameras to work independently. The 8MP front camera captured amazing
selfies, both in low and bright light conditions which many Smartphones fail to
do.

With 2,800mAh battery, we were able to get a 12-hour back-up with calling,
social media apps, music playback, browsing and light gaming.

LG G5 has Quick Charge 3.0 which is 27 per cent faster and 45 per cent more
efficient than the previous generation.

The speaker placed at the bottom is loud enough to watch movies or play games.

What does not work?

When compared with its nearest rival Samsung, LG G5 is neither quite as
beautiful nor does its camera performance shine as brightly as the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge, but there is still a lot that the Smartphone offers and being
modular is one of those.

Conclusion: LG G5 is an example of great engineering and a big leap for the
South Korean giant in terms of design, display and camera performance. If you
are a premium device lover, this modular Smartphone is what you would love to
see in your pocket.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2016 dayafter, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Pre-booking for LG G5 smartphone begins from May 21

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 21 -- LG Electronics India Limited said on Friday that the
pre-booking for its G5 smartphone, which the company claims to be the world's
first modular smartphone, will open from May 21.

LG G5 smartphones will be available for pre-booking at mobile stores, LG brand
shops and online exclusively on Flipkart from May 21 to May 30.

The customers who pre-book the smartphone will get the companion device "LG Cam
Plus" free along with the handset.

"The G5 is our most innovative smartphone till date and consumers would surely
be awestruck on the most innovative modular concept of LG G5," said Amit Gujral,
LG India's marketing head, mobiles, in a statement.

LG G5 is equipped with the powerful and energy-efficient Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, which offers advanced features such as 64-bit performance, Qualcomm
Adreno 530 graphics and lower-power Qualcomm Hexagon DSP as well as Qualcomm
Spectra 14-bit dual image signal processors (ISPs).

The Snapdragon 820 processor also has an integrated X12 LTE modem that supports
download speeds of up to 600 Mbps and LTE Category 13 uplink speeds of up to 150
Mbps.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 pops up for sale on Dubizzle

LENGTH: 238  words


By tbreak Staff -

While everyone waits for the LG G5 to be announced at MWC 2016 in a few days,
rumors and leaks are all over the place. However, in a surprising turn of
events, the LG G5 was available for sale on Dubizzle, one of the largest
e-commerce websites in Dubai.

Yesterday an interesting leak showed that an LG G5 unit was up for sale on
Dubizzle. Someone had allegedly got hold of an LG G5 unit imported from the USA
days before its official release and put it up for sale in the UAE for a price
of AED 2500, which is roughly $680. The description of the phone said that the
phone is in perfect condition inside and out and is listed as brand new.

This slideshow requires JavaScript.

We still cannot confirm the legitimacy of these pictures, but the pictures do
look like the actual phone. It comes with its metal body, which the G5 is
rumored to have, as well as the rear positioned circular fingerprint scanner
that has been seen on all previous leaks of the phone. The images also show the
dual camera setup at the back of the phone as well as the side positioned volume
rocker, which stays true to the previous leaks of the LG G5. It is still not
clear if there is a second screen similar to the V10, but rumors suggest that it
will, along with a removable battery module.

This might be the most legit LG G5 leak so far. The phone has been removed from
the website.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/15/145571507144.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

LG rolls out G5, world's first modular phone

LENGTH: 507  words


To continue enhancing its presence in the Saudi smartphone market and pursue its
goal to launch innovative communications devices for savvy consumers, LG
Electronics, a global pioneer manufacturer of advanced electronics, has taken
the wraps off and launched its long-anticipated smartphone and the world's first
modular phone LG G5.

The G5 comes with stylish and powerful features such as quick charge, up to four
times faster than the standard charging and more efficient than the previous
generation and with a slide-out battery. Other features include a
QualcommSnapdragon 820 processor that is more power-efficient when compared with
the technology of the previous generation.

The new LG flagship has an innovative design and a versatile application, called
LG Friends, which enables users to connect with myriad accessories with minimal
fuss. For example, a user can insert LG CAM Plus into the device and turn G5
into a highly-advanced camera capable of capturing 360 degree panoramic images
and videos for the entire surrounding scene. It is the first camera of its kind
that works in conjunction with Google Street View and supports virtual reality
applications.

LG 360VR is another accessory that can be paired with and seamlessly controlled
by the LG G5, allowing savvy consumers to enjoy viewing videos in virtual
reality mode. It simulates a TV viewed from two meters away. This accessory
comes with two high-resolution screens. Compared with similar products, it is
small and lightweight.

For users who love to listen to high-resolution audio on the smartphone, LG
presents the Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play accessory. Before the appearance of the
G5, such high-quality sound was only available through advanced audio devices.

Tone PlatinumT Bluetooth is the accessory designed with a touch of innovation
for those who seek a premium sound experience. It is the first Bluetooth in the
world featuring aptX HDcodec to deliver CD-like quality audio over Bluetooth
like no other wireless device.

"We will continue to manufacture innovative and creative electronics to keep our
customers happy and make their life easier. Satisfying customers' needs are a
top priority to us. The new smartphone will position LG better in the Saudi
market and make our customers more than just happy. Its specifications will
simply sweep them off their feet," said Eddie Jun, President of LG
Electronics-Saudi Arabia.

Salman Alsabban, Corporate Marketing Manager in LG Electronics-Saudi Arabia,
said: "One of the most appealing features of the G5 is its cutting-edge
technology and ability to pair with various accessories.

It will revolutionize our customers' lifestyle because it has been produced with
this notion in mind. We are proud to play such influential role in the Saudi
market." - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/98/146158056705.jpg

From left: Salman Alsabban, Corporate Marketing Manager in LG Electronics-Saudi
Arabia; Eddie Jun, President of LG Electronics-Saudi Arabia, with other LG
executive e show off the world's first modular phone LG G5

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality."There is no better time than now
to join the millions of customers who have already switched to Sprint. With the
launch of the LG G5, customers will get the most powerful device for photography
enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to leave their camera at home &ndash;
paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile
customers can save 50 percent off most standard rate plans when they switch to
Sprint. This device is amazing, offering the highest quality images and prints."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality."There is no better time than now
to join the millions of customers who have already switched to Sprint. With the
launch of the LG G5, customers will get the most powerful device for photography
enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to leave their camera at home &ndash;
paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile
customers can save 50 percent off most standard rate plans when they switch to
Sprint. This device is amazing, offering the highest quality images and prints."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Statement on Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its recently expanded LTE Plus
Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile.
Device pricing and availability date will be announced soon.





 Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.



 As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon®
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality."There is no better time than now
to join the millions of customers who have already switched to Sprint. With the
launch of the LG G5, customers will get the most powerful device for photography
enthusiasts &ndash; or anyone who wants to leave their camera at home &ndash;
paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network. And AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile
customers can save 50 percent off most standard rate plans when they switch to
Sprint. This device is amazing, offering the highest quality images and prints."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    February 24, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Statement On Sprint offering LG G5

LENGTH: 391  words


Wednesday, February 24, 2016: Sprint (NYSE:S) will offer the LG G5 on its
recently expanded LTE Plus Network, delivering faster download speeds than AT&T,
Verizon and T-Mobile. Device pricing and availability date will be announced
soon.

Introduced by LG Mobile Electronics today, the LG G5 has a modular design and
sleek, metal uni-body with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a
used battery for a fully charged one in seconds. The LG G5's modular design
creates a greater smartphone experience.

As part of the G5 ecosystem, LG is introducing a wide range of companion
devices. Sprint will soon offer the LG 360 Cam and LG TONE Platinum. Users will
now be able to create their own 360-degree content with the LG 360 Cam. It
features a compact 360-angle camera equipped with two 13 MP wide angle cameras,
1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory. The latest in the LG TONE Plus Series,
the LG TONE Platinum is a Bluetooth headset that has earned the Harman Kardon(R)
Platinum grade for its superior sound quality.

Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO issued the following statement:

"There is no better time than now to join the millions of customers who have
already switched to Sprint. With the launch of the LG G5, customers will get the
most powerful device for photography enthusiasts - or anyone who wants to leave
their camera at home - paired with Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network. And
AT&T, Verizon and T-Mobile customers can save 50 percent off most standard rate
plans when they switch to Sprint. This device is amazing, offering the highest
quality images and prints."

Sprint LTE Plus Network

According to Sprint's analysis of Nielsen Mobile Performance Data, the Sprint
LTE Plus Network beat Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile by delivering faster download
speeds1. Recently, the Sprint LTE Plus Network doubled its reach and now covers
more than 150 markets across the country.

Sprint Unlimited

No one has a better price for unlimited plans including talk, text and
high-speed data among all national carriers. For a limited time, families can
get four lines of talk, text and unlimited data for $37.50 per line2.

Switch to Sprint

Consumers continue to have the opportunity to save 50 percent off most AT&T,
T-Mobile and Verizon standard rate plans when they switch to Sprint3. In
addition, Sprint will pay switching fees up to $650 per line4.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5: World's first modular smartphone will completely floor you

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 9 -- While the world of technology is going ga-ga over the
future of modular smartphones, South Korean electronics conglomerate LG has
already translated the concept into reality with the G5 - its flagship device
that has upped the ante for other vendors in the customised smartphone market.


 The Rs 52,990 G5 features a "slide-out" battery design and dual rear cameras -
the only device to feature dual primary cameras which work independent of each
other - taking us one step closer to the age of "one device fits all".
 The G5 sports a 5.3-inch quad-HD display (2560x1440 pixels) featuring always-on
display technology that allows users to check time and date even when the phone
is in sleep mode.
 The smartphone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with
4GB RAM and 32GB of in-built storage that can be expanded up to 2TB via micro-SD
card and runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system.
 Let us see what works for the device.
 The device has a minimalistic metal alloy body design and 3D Arc Glass gives
the display a gentle curve on the top, providing it a refreshing look. It is
also comfortable to hold.
 The power button placed at the back also acts as a fingerprint sensor and
unlocks the device within seconds.
 The magic lies at the bottom which is removable, swappable and supports modules
which LG calls "LG Friends" - a collection of devices like LG CAM Plus, LG 360
CAM and LG 360 virtual reality (VR) set. The battery can be removed by pushing a
button located at the lower left of the body.
 LG CAM Plus is a versatile camera module that can be attached through the
battery slot to deliver a comfortable grip and convenient control of a
stand-alone camera.
 LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with two 13MP
200-degree wide angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory which
can be supplemented by a micro-SD card.
 While LG 360 VR is a goggle that can be connected with G5 via a dedicated cable
and works exclusively with the G5 to simulate a 130-inch TV viewed from two
metres away.
 All the three modules need to be purchased separately.
 The quad-HD display produced higher contrast and vibrant images. The pixel
density has also increased from 538ppi in G4 to 554ppi in G5 that makes up for a
brighter viewing experience - even outdoors. Apps like Instagram were like a
visual treat.
 The touch response is smooth and has a super-responsive feel which comes to
life with the slightest touch.
 The Snapdragon 820 processor, coupled with 4GB RAM and Adreno 530 GPU, is
capable of playing high-end games and offers a zero-lag computing performance.
 For photo enthusiasts, the G5 comes with two rear cameras - 16MP primary camera
and a second 8MP camera for wide-angle shots. LG has tuned its software for both
the rear cameras to work independently. (We found a great camera with good
shutter speed that is fast to focus.)
 The 8MP front camera captured amazing selfies, both in low and bright light
conditions which many smartphones fail to do.
 With 2,800mAh battery, we were able to get a 12-hour back-up with calling,
social media apps, music playback, browsing and light gaming.
 LG G5 has Quick Charge 3.0 which is 27 per cent faster and 45 per cent more
efficient than the previous generation.
 The speaker placed at the bottom is loud enough to watch movies or play games.
 What does not work.
 When compared with its nearest rival Samsung, LG G5 is neither quite as
beautiful nor does its camera performance shine as brightly as the Samsung
Galaxy S7 Edge, but there is still a lot that the smartphone offers and being
modular is one of those.
 Conclusion

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                  July 5, 2016

LG announces India's first 360 degree video, photo contest

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 389  words


NEW DELHI: Here's your chance to participate in a never before, one of a kind
contest opened up by LG Electronics India Limited (LGEIL) to share a video
and/or photo about #LifeIn360.

Participants now get a chance to win an LG G5 by capturing their perspective of
life in a 360 degree frame through any 360 degree camera. The month long contest
begins today, 12 noon onwards and the winners from the lens of technology expert
Rajiv Makhni and celebrity photographer Atul Kasbekar will be announced on 10th
August 2016.

As a part of this contest, participants only need to upload their 360 degree
videos or 360 degree photos on their Facebook timelines and share the link of
this video/photo in the comments section on LG India Mobile Facebook page ( Link
). Contestants to use the hashtag #LifeIn360 in all their posts

On the launch of this contest, Amit Gujral, Marketing Head, Mobiles, LG India ,
said "We are happy about the consumer response that LG G5 has received in India.
With LG G5, we have set a new benchmark in the industry thru' its industry first
modular design. The LG 360 CAM, companion device of G5, which can record 360
degree videos and 360 photos, has to be experienced to believe its potential. As
promised, during the G5 India launch on 1 st June 2016, this 360 degree
video/photo contest will open opportunities for more users to experience the
capability of this breakthrough technology and be part of India's first ever
contest of this nature"

LG 360 CAM, a companion device was recently launched in India along with the
modular LG G5. The LG 360 CAM is a compact 360-degree angle camera equipped with
two 13MP 200-degree wide angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal
memory, which can be supplemented by a microSD card. The LG 360 CAM can be
easily connected to the LG G5, allowing users to create their 360-degree
content.

The LG 360 CAM provides 2K video and 5.1 surround channel recording on three
microphones to help users effortlessly create high-quality 360-degree content.
Thanks to the partnership with Google, images taken with the 360 CAM can be
uploaded to Google Street View and YouTube360, adding to the fun of sharing
creative content with others. The images will also be available to be viewed on
the LG 360 VR or other smartphones or devices that have the capability of
360-degree content.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

G Whizz!;
StarTech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 507 words


LG G5

****

WHEN LG launched its G4 smartphone last year StarTech was left thoroughly
unimpressed.

This phone was about as bland as boiled rice and, although it had a great screen
and camera, we found it impossible to recommend.

Now LG is back with its latest G5 handset and, unlike its predecessor, this
phone certainly isn't boring.

With a removable bottom that lets you add extra accessories, this is the Swiss
army knife of smartphones.

It's clever stuff from the Korean firm with a simple tap of a button on the side
of the device letting you quickly swap the battery and add what LG is calling
"Friends".

Currently these include a camera and sound pack which slot with ease into the
base of the phone.

To make this magic trip happen, LG has had to completely redesign the G5 and
it's certainly an improvement over the bland G4.

This new device now has a curvaceous aluminium chassis which, from a distance,
looks impressive.

Sadly, when you get up close you realise the G5's metal body has been coated in
a type of plastic.

LG says this is to make the device more durable but we can't help thinking it's
a strange decision that cheapens what should be a stunning smartphone.

Luckily things improve when you switch this flagship on as the 5.3-inch screen
is a thing of beauty.

With a slightly curved finish, this QHD Quantum display looks fabulous.

The G5 also features always-on technology which means the time, date and some
basic notifications are displayed when the device goes to sleep.

Impressive

Samsung's latest Galaxy S7 also has this feature and it makes the display look a
whole lot more exciting even when you're not using it.

Another great feature on the G5 is the camera - this phone has three to play
with.

As well as the usual rear and front-facing selfie snapper, there's also a new
wide-angle camera. And with a flick of a switch you can suddenly fit more into
your photos. It's a great addition and gives the G5 a unique feature over its
rivals.

As we've come to expect from LG, the quality from the cameras is excellent and
you can even record home movies in full Ultra HD 4K quality.

With the latest Qualcomm 820 processor tucked inside you'll also enjoy a very
slick experience with the G5 breezing through your daily tasks while its
internal 32GB storage can be boosted to a mightily impressive 2TB.

Sadly, the battery doesn't hold up quite so well and you may find yourself
running low before the day is out - good job it's so easy to remove and replace.

VERDICT: THE G5 is a bold move from LG and they have to be congratulated.

No-one else is making a device that can be customised at the touch of a button
and for pure innovation we'd love to give LG top marks - but we can't.

Once again the design, with a plastic feel in your hand, is simply not good
enough, especially with the competition making some truly stunning phones.

The G5 is a big improvement over last year's G4 and fans of the brand are going
to love its bonus features.

We're just not sure LG has done enough to convince Samsung and Apple fans to
ditch their trusted devices.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

LG's groundbreaking phone that snaps right in two;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 859 words


Guys! Guy! I bet you didn't know I could dislocate my . . . (snap)

It would be taking things too far to say that LG has engaged in a bit of self
harm just to get a little attention in the overcrowded smartphone market. But
that is what came to mind when I played with LG's latest flagship phone, the G5,
at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. LG has gone to lengths to come up with
something different this time.

But what else was LG meant to do? It has been making interesting, high-quality
phones for years, with all sorts of snazzy innovations in them, such as genuine
stitched-leather backs, fingerprint scanners in the last place you would expect
to find them, and screens that can bend without snapping, and where has all of
that got the company?

Not precisely nowhere, but the company is still listed in the "others" category
in the IDC market share figures I just looked at, lumped in with companies that
aren't trying half as hard or coming up with phones half as good. So this year,
LG has gone hard core when it comes to snazzy innovation. This year, rather than
make a phone that can bend without snapping, it's made a phone that can snap
right in two.

Towards the bottom of the G5 there's a little button, and if you press on it
just right (and I do mean just right, because there's a bit of an art to it) you
can snap off the bottom of the phone, and slide it and the battery right out. In
turn snap the battery off the metallic bottom section, snap a new one on, and
voila! A full recharge in less than a minute.

It's not the first phone to have a user-removable battery, of course. Plenty of
phones have them. All of Samsung's Galaxy S phones had them till a generation
ago.

But this is the first unibody-style phone - in the same vein as an iPhone or
Samsung's recent Galaxy S models - to have a user-replaceable battery, which is
something.

Though I must say, having a quite visible crack around the bottom of the phone,
where the bottom attaches to the rest of the body, does rather undo the
aesthetic appeal of unibody design.

The three or four LG G5's I played with were all pre-production models, so let's
hope LG tightens up the manufacture and makes the crack less visible, bordering
on invisible. Now that really would be something.

Of course, the user-replaceable battery isn't the main reason you'd get an LG
G5, even if accessing the battery may prove to be one of its more enduring
merits.

The main appeal is the modularity that you get when you snap off the base of the
G5. You don't always have to replace it with the same base, you see, when you
take the battery out. You could replace it with, say, "CAM Plus" camera-grip
base, or the "Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play" high-definition audio base, or any
number of different of different bases that LG may or may not come out with in
the future.

I've tried the G5 with both the camera base and the high-definition audio base.
I'll dispense with the audio base by saying that I couldn't hear a jot of
difference between the high-definition audio and the G5's regular audio, but
I've never been able to hear a jot of difference with any high-definition audio
products or services.

I just don't have the ears for it, and I'm glad I don't because it saves me a
lot of bother and money being an audio impurist. The camera grip, on the other
hand, now that I could find useful. When you snap on the grip, you wind up with
something akin to the Samsung Galaxy Camera, only without the zoom lens. The
grip makes the phone a lot easier to hold face-high, and you get a shutter
button and a dial for zooming in and out. The other novelty with the G5 is that
it actually has two cameras on the back, a regular one and one with a wide-angle
(135-degree) lens. When you zoom in and out using the CAM Plus grip, the G5 does
a digital zoom inside the frame of the camera, the way any phone camera zooms,
and then when it gets to the full extent of the zoom, it (almost) seemlessly
switches to the other camera for you and continues zooming.

It's a neat trick which, if nothing else, will have you from having to remember
that your phone has two cameras at the back. Not that you would. The wide-angle
camera, while it won't be your everyday camera, is useful enough that you'd
switch to it from time to time, for group selfies and the like.

The thing that gives me pause about the modular design of the LG G5 is not the
modules themselves, but the future. One of the chief advantages of having a
modular, snap-together design is that you can replace units when something
better comes along, without discarding your entire investment.

Does that mean that LG has married itself to this modular design, and that
you'll be able to snap all of your beloved modules into the LG G6 next year and
the LG G7 the year after that? Given the rate at which phone designs evolve,
particularly at LG, it seems unlikely the modules will still fit a year or two
from now, and LG isn't promising it will.

But that will be one, sure-fire way LG can attract attention to itself: come out
with an update to the G5 next year, that doesn't have the same snap-off base.

Guys! Guys! What if I pointed this gun at my foot and ... oh bugger!

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: This year, LG has gone hard core when it comes to snazzy
innovation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

Fast tech

SECTION: Pg. S1/8

LENGTH: 663 words


Modular phone

LG has launched in the Philippines its first modular phone, the LG G5. LG
guaranteed its latest flagship smartphone will stand out in a sea of mobile
devices by making the LG G5 work like Lego - one which you can break apart to
attach other interchangeable accessories such as a slide-out battery and a
high-fidelity speaker.

First the basics: the LG G5 is encased in a full metal body and features a
5.3-inch display, 2,800 mAh removable battery, 4 gigabyte (GB) RAM with 32 GB
storage, and runs on a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor.

What makes the LG G5 truly unique, however, is its dual-lens rear camera: one is
a standard 16-megapixel camera with 78-degree lens and an 8- MP one with a
135-degree wide angle lens. The latter is what LG claims is 1.7 times wider than
those of existing smartphone cameras and 15 degrees wider than the human eye's
field of view.

LG also launched what it calls "Friends" or modular accessories that can be
attached to the LG G5. There's the LG Cam Plus, which can be attached through
the battery slot to provide additional battery juice and at the same time turn
the smartphone into a digital camera, complete with physical buttons such as
power, shutter, record and zoom. There's also the LG Hi-Fi Plus, which is a
portable Hi-Fi DAC audio player developed in collaboration with Bang & Olufsen
PLAY that gives the phone high-definition audio playback capability. For
adventure-seekers, LG offers a 360-degree camera add-on that can shoot 3-D
photos and video, and a Virtual Reality accessory for viewing VR content.

The LG G5 comes in gray, titan, gold and pink variants and retails for P34,990.

Smaller flash drives

SANDISK has updated its lineup of flash drives with better form factor and
improved storage capabilities.

"Flash drives helped bring to consumers an option that was not available 20
years ago - to store large amount of data into smaller devices," Peter Mah,
SanDisk regional director for Asia Pacific, told BusinessWorld.

"The Filipino consumer has an insatiable appetite for storage. They're highly
engaged in social media. And since mobile devices have become the center of
their lives, digital storage becomes very important, that's why we're bringing
here our latest mobile storage solutions," he added.

The company introduced the next-generation iXpand Flash Drive, which is smaller
than last year's model, and sports a USB 3.0 connector for faster transfer
speeds to Mac or PCs.

The iXpand Flash Drive allows users to automatically back up their camera roll
and contacts, and watch popular video formats 3 straight from the drive. The new
drive also includes encryption software that password- protects files, allowing
people to share their content while keeping sensitive files secure across
devices4.

"More than 70% of users transfer files off of their iPhones to another storage
location," said Mr. Mah, citing a recent SanDisk consumer survey in the US that
found that many iPhone users are looking to free up more space on their phones.

The iXpand Flash Drive features a two-year limited warranty in the Philippines.
It's available in 16 GB (P2,799), 32 GB (P3,799), 64 GB (P5199) and 128 GB
(P7,999) capacities.

S7 alternative

SAMSUNG has refreshed its Galaxy A Series by incorporating features from its
popular Galaxy 7 smartphone range.

The 2016 iteration of Samsung Galaxy A5 and A7 feature the same metal- and-glass
construction of the S7 series and 13-megapixel rear camera with 1.9 aperture.

The Galaxy A Series is also powered by an Octa Core 1.6GHz processor and
fingerprint scanner. It is also LTE Cat6 for fast downloading and uploading of
high-quality videos and files. The Galaxy A Series is also Dual SIM hybrid with
an expandable memory of up to 128GB so you don't need to worry about not having
enough memory space. Samsung also equipped the A5 and A7 with fast-charging
batteries, which goes from 0% to 100% in just 110 minutes. The A5 retails for
P19,990 while the A5 retails for P22,990.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Consumer Guide: LG Electronics opens G5 pre-orders for local customers

SECTION: Pg. S4/4

LENGTH: 364 words


LG ELECTRONICS' latest flagship smartphone, the LG G5, sold over 15,000 units in
South Korea on its first launch day last March 31. Record- breaking sales
figures for the G5 far exceeded that of the LG G4, which kicked off its
phenomenal run with 5,000 units sold on the first day in South Korea, one of
Asia's leading smartphone markets.

The new smartphone, which features a unique modular design and compatibility
with a wide-range of innovative accessories, made a big splash at the Mobile
World Congress 2016. The G5 clinched the Best Mobile Handsets and Devices Award,
the top honor at the annual event held in Barcelona.

"The LG G5 and Friends were designed and developed to give our consumers a more
playful smartphone experience," said Jay Won, LG Philippines VP for Mobile
Communications. "Our strong sales figures recognize our efforts to bring a truly
unique innovation to the global market, and very soon, to the Philippine
smartphone scene."

With its unique modular design, the G5 allows users to take their mobile
experiences and tech needs to the next level. They can turn the device into a
camera with dedicated hardware and increased battery life, a high-fidelity music
player, or as the hub of the Friends-a collection of fun companion devices-with
the new digital eco-system LG Playground.

For the first time, LG's flagship comes with a set of Friends devices to suit
your lifestyle.

Among others, the LG CAM Plus turns the LG G5 to an instant digital camera.
Designed for a seamless experience for capturing photos, there's a dedicated
shutter button which allows users to half-press to automatically focus on a
subject before taking photos. It also has a dedicated knob which can control
zooming in and out, as well as effortlessly switching from its default 78-degree
normal lens rear camera to 135-degree wide angle lens. Simultaneously take
photos while shooting videos with LG CAM Plus' dedicated recording button. The
module also comes with an additional 1,200 mAh battery embedded, allowing users
to shoot photos and videos as much as they please.

LG Philippines will accept pre-orders starting April 18 until May 1, with the
devices rolling out as early as May 3.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                            June 1, 2016 6:30 AM EST

LG G5 modular smartphone with two rear cameras launched in India

LENGTH: 207  words


LG Electronics India Ltd on Wednesday launched its flagship modular G5
smartphone featuring a "slide-out" battery and dual rear cameras -- the only
flagship device to feature dual primary cameras which work independently.

The primary camera is a 16MP one while there is a second 8MP camera for
wide-angle shots. LG has tuned its software for both the rear cameras to work
independently.

For selfie-lovers, it houses a 8MP front camera.

The Rs.52,990 device is accompanied with "LG Friends", a collection of devices
like LG CAM Plus, LG 360 CAM and LG 360 VR.

LG G5 sports a 5.3-inch Quad HD display (2560 x 1440 pixels) featuring always-on
display technology that allows users to check time, date continuously even when
G5 is in sleep mode.

It is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB of RAM and
32GB of in-built storage that can be expanded by up to 2TB via microSD card.

LG G5 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, and is powered by a 2800mAh
removable battery and weighs 159 grams.

For connectivity, the device offers LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC.

Launched first in the Mobile World Congress in Spain earlier this year, LG G5 is
also the first flagship device from the Korean firm to feature a metal unibody
design.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 modular smartphone with two rear cameras launched in India at Rs 52,990

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 1 -- LG Electronics India Ltd on Wednesday launched its flagship
modular G5 smartphone featuring a "slide-out" battery and dual rear cameras -
the only flagship device to feature dual primary cameras which work
independently.


 The primary camera is a 16MP one while there is a second 8MP camera for
wide-angle shots. LG has tuned its software for both the rear cameras to work
independently.
 For selfie-lovers, it houses a 8MP front camera.
 The Rs 52,990 device is accompanied with "LG Friends", a collection of devices
like LG CAM Plus, LG 360 CAM and LG 360 VR.
 LG G5 sports a 5.3-inch Quad HD display (2560 x 1440 pixels) featuring
always-on display technology that allows users to check time, date continuously
even when G5 is in sleep mode.
 It is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB of RAM and
32GB of in-built storage that can be expanded by up to 2TB via microSD card.
 LG G5 runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, and is powered by a
2800mAh removable battery and weighs 159 grams.
 For connectivity, the device offers LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and NFC.
 Launched first in the Mobile World Congress in Spain earlier this year, LG G5
is also the first flagship device from the Korean firm to feature a metal
unibody design.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 22, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

LG unveils its new premium smartphone --- G5

BYLINE: Annabel Tautou

LENGTH: 238  words


South Korean device maker LG has introduced its much-anticipated new premium
smartphone - the Android-powered LG G5 - which marks a notable innovation on the
part of the company, in terms of changed design and components. The handset is
scheduled to hit the US markets in April.

The new LG G5 is an all-metal smartphone which marks an evident attempt by LG to
differentiate its device from among the hordes of other Android-based
smartphones. One of the unique selling points of the G5 is its capability to
work as a 'modular' handset, enabling users to swap the bottom of the handset --
the, so to say, removable 'chin' -- with modules offering enhanced features,
like improved audio quality and better camera capabilities.

The 159-gram LG G5 handset measures 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7 mm, and - even despite
the modular feature - boasts the inclusion of top-of-the-line specifications.

Some of the key features of the G5 handset include a 5.3-inch 'Always On' QHD
display with 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution; Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon 820
octa-core processor; the newest Adreno 530 GPU; 4GB of faster DDR4 RAM; 2,800
mAh battery; and 32GB of onboard storage capacity, with the option of expanding
storage to p to 200GB via a microUSB card.

The LG G5 handset will come with two rear cameras -- a 16-megapixel camera and
an 8-megapixel camera -- with new software, as well as an 8-megapixel
front-facing camera for selfies and video chats.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

LG G5 pre-booking ends today; listed on Flipkart at Rs 52,990

LENGTH: 133  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 30 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Today is the last day for pre-booking LG's modular smartphone -the G5. The
pre-booking of LG G5 started on May 21 and will go till Monday (May 30) on
e-commerce site Flipkart.


 Those who pre order the LG G5 will also get a cam plus free. The phone's price
has been listed on Flipkart at Rs 52,990.
 The e-commerce site also says that the expected date of release of the LG G5 is
June 01.
 LG in February unveiled the G5 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in a bid
to counter competition from its major rival Samsung.
 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang and Olufsen.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

LG G5 up for pre-booking in India; listed on Flipkart at Rs 52,990

LENGTH: 134  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 23 -- Zee Media Bureau
 South Korea's handset maker LG's modular smartphone -the G5 is up for
pre-booking. The pre-booking of LG G5 started on May 21 and will go till May 30
on e-commerce site Flipkart.


 Those who pre order the LG G5 will also get a cam plus free. The phone's price
has been listed on Flipkart at Rs 52,990.
 The e-commerce site also says that the expected date of release of the LG G5 is
June 01.
 LG in February unveiled the G5 at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in a bid
to counter competition from its major rival Samsung.
 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang and Olufsen.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

LG G5: 6 things we are hoping to see that will change the stance of flagship
smartphones

LENGTH: 1627  words


With LG G5 expected to be announced at MWC 2016, let us take a look at the
features that are expected to be present inside the 'soon to be released'
flagship

By Mohammad Omer -

MWC 2016 is where smartphone heavy hitters like LG and Samsung will appear to
showcase their flagship products. During this event, which stretches for less
than a week, we are expecting that LG G5, the South Korean smartphone maker's
upcoming flagship is going to be announced, and in the process, will sport
several new features that will put Samsung and other manufacturers at the tip of
their toes. Here are 6 things that we are hoping to see from the upcoming
device.

*Remember, in this topic, we will be shedding a small amount of light on LG G5's
hardware specifications because with a new generation smartphone, you will
naturally get better internals. Instead, we will be focusing on the software and
other features, like battery, since those contribute extensively to the overall
user experience.*

You guys most likely saw this one coming, but seeing as how G4 and V10 sported
the same capacity, LG G5 will likely raise the bar with a higher capacity. Our
belief is that the capacity is going to be somewhere between 3,500 and 3,700mAh.
Since transitioning from nickel based batteries to lithium ion, there has not
been much change in improving battery life, although we have seen several
advancements in this particular category, we have heard nothing that can
actually be used in commercial products. It is almost as if smartphone
manufacturers themselves do not want such advancements to be present in their
products otherwise their devices will stop being sold (in an already saturated
and highly competitive market).

Chip manufacturers have managed to improve battery life through the production
of smaller lithographic processed SoCs and other components, but it looks like
battery life improvement is the least important component, at least in their
books. Looking at these facts, it appears that LG G5 will not have an improved
battery life in terms of the material used, but we are expecting a larger
capacity as compared to the smartphone's predecessors. In light of the flagship
smartphones that feature non-removable batteries to provide the best possible
build quality, LG is one manufacturer which not only provides a removable
battery, but an expandable storage slot too, which is a terrific combination.

With Samsung experimenting with its curved edge display, we believe that LG G5
will have the same secondary display that was present in the company's V10. This
was a new concept introduced by a manufacturer and while we have seen
dual-display smartphones (those ones include one side of the smartphone running
Android, while the other one is running an E-ink display), having a secondary
display actually adds more depth to your experience. V10 featured a 2.1 inch
display featuring a resolution of 160 x 1040 pixels. We are glad that V10 went
with this approach, because a curved edge display would mean that they would
have been slapped with a lawsuit from its South Korean rival Samsung and the
thickness from one side of the handset would have shrunk, making it quite
difficult to grip the device unless of course you invested in a custom designed
after-market case.

Since this approach is relatively new, it will obviously take a while before app
developers start taking advantage of this secondary display. However, the fact
that this display has an 'always on; mode, LG V10 made it extremely easy for
users to get access to a myriad number of shortcuts ranging from settings, and
other applications. This made things extremely flexible and rather than
repeating three-four steps just to reach an app, LG made a relatively simple way
of accessing a multitude of things. With the secondary display, users will be
able to view what kind of notifications and apps should be present so that they
can immediately be informed of their reminders for the day, or any other event
that is expected to take place at that time.

Another thing that we liked about this display is that it is placed
horizontally, so you never have to tilt your phone in order to check out the
notification (much like what you had to do with Samsung's edge series of
smartphones). However, if there was one change that we would like to make
regarding the material used for the display, it would have to be to start using
Super AMOLED, which not only looks good, but conserves battery life too. Super
AMOLED displays are expensive, so expect an immediate price increase if LG does
manage to use this material.

The strange thing about V10 was that it happened to be one of the most
underrated smartphones of 2015. However, we have to say that LG incorporated
some amazing camera tools inside its second flagship. Both camera modes, which
includes still image capturing and video recording possessed their own custom
controls, giving smartphone camera enthusiasts the best possible treat that they
could ask for (the kind that you see in DSLR cameras) in tweaking out their
images and videos to produce the best possible results. LG has always given
smartphone users their fair share when it comes to the camera sensor and with
its G5, we should expect even more controls to be added. Given below is what we
believe should be added to the camera software:

We are certain that as future updates get released for the smartphone, it will
result in an even better camera experience. As for the front camera sensor, we
expect to see the same controls, along with the same two-lens incorporation that
was present in V10.

Now that we have sorted the software side of things, let us move onto something
that we believe will make the smartphone better from a hardware perspective.

Looking at how both G4 and V10 featured a 16MP rear sensor, we should expect
that LG G5 is going to retain the same amount of megapixels, while improving the
overall sensor. If you read through our Samsung Galaxy S7 specifications and
feature round-up post, we mentioned that the company might reduce the number of
megapixels from 16MP to 12.3MP and that is not a bad trade-off by any means.
Less amount of megapixels actually means that more light will be able to enter
the sensor per pixel, resulting in a champ of a smartphone camera in low and
high-light conditions. Smartphone cameras have always suffered in low-light
environments but with recent technological advancements, this suffering will be
a thing of the past.

Another variable which is responsible for light entering the sensor is the
aperture. Smartphone cameras have fixed apertures and it appears that LG G5 is
going to possess a 16MP rear camera sensor with an aperture of F/1.7. This is
the same aperture value that is expected to be present inside Galaxy S7 and it
is definitely going to be the first smartphone camera to have such a wide
aperture. EIS (electronic image stabilization) and OIS (optical image
stabilization) is both expected to be present inside G5, along with a laser
autofocus that will have a lightning fast tracking ability in focusing on the
subject that you intend on capturing.

As for the front sensors, we could see the aperture widen up to F/2.0, but since
your primary shooting will be carried out with the rear camera, there is not a
whole lot of improvements that LG can cram inside those two sensors present at
the front end.

Lots of security experts and smartphone enthusiasts state that if you want to
best possible security and experience, go for a Nexus. While that is true, other
manufacturers have started to focus more on security and performance, but when
they place their own UI on top of Android, it gives rise to several things; like
bloatware, or in other words, the addition of unnecessary applications that chew
up system resources and add up to the internal storage like there's no tomorrow.

LG has improved its UI quite a bit, but if they tone down the amount of
pre-installed applications present in its G5, as well as provide an option that
will allow you to remove those apps without the need to root the smartphone, it
will definitely be a welcome feature and perhaps increase its chances to sell
well. We know that LG G5 is going to be running an updated version of Android
Marshmallow, giving rise to better performance and features that were already a
part of the operating system update. Let us see what kind of changes are going
to be added to the software so we can update you accordingly.

Since LG G5 will definitely feature Qualcomm's Snapdragons 820, it will have the
following connectivity features included:

We already debriefed on how the 802.11ad Wi-Fi is going to be revolutionary
standard that is going to eclipse 802.11ac and we should also expect a Bluetooth
4.2 chip to be a part of the hardware.

During MWC 2016, when LG G5 will have its features showcased, a lot of the focus
will be present on how the camera of the smartphone performs. We believe that if
you are in the market and looking for a handset that will outshine the
competition in every way possible, then we have complete that G5 will be able to
do that without breaking a sweat. However, bear in mind that with so many
features, it will obviously come with a very hefty price tag. For the unlocked
model, you should keep around $800-$900 present in your wallet.

Tell us what you believe will be present in the smartphone. We will wait for
your comments.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/54/145509546374.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/36/145509546387.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/88/145509546457.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/36/145509546537.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/80/145509546549.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/31/145509546611.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/43/145509546625.png



LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 June 19, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

LG G5 is quirky, bold and beautiful

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 959 words


YOU have to hand it to LG. The South Korean company has not been afraid to take
bold design decisions with its smartphones.

The LG G2 was the first phone I encountered with a power and volume button
assembly on the back of the device, a placement now emulated by others, most
notably Huawei, which places its fingerprint scanner there. And who could forget
the LG G Flex, that wacky phablet sporting a banana-shaped curve?

The G5 continues this tradition for quirkiness. At first glance it's an
attractive, if unremarkable smartphone - a metal body with a fingerprint scanner
on the back, 5.3-inch quad HD screen and running Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow).

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This modular design gives G5 owners the ability to slot in
a variety of aftermarket modules to deliver the smartphone equivalent of
superpowers.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam! You've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers a
beefier battery and a palm-fitting grip with a dedicated shutter button and zoom
wheel.

LG calls these modules "friends" and I got to meet some of them in April when
LG's Eric Woo was in town to show them off.

Apart from the camera and battery modules, there was a virtual reality (VR)
headset and a 360Âº camera you could use to create content to view and share in
VR.

My impressions were generally pretty positive, although I did feel they were a
tad rough around the edges in their implementation.

For example, the VR headset plugs into the phone through a cord, so it is
refreshingly lightweight compared with Samsung's GearVR, into which you slot
your phone to use. But the VR experience, at least in my brief session on the
day, was not great.

The virtual roller-coaster ride I tried out would, I'm sure, have been quite
spectacular, were it not for the fact that, out of the bottom of the headset, I
could see the real world, which rather ruined the effect.

The Hi-Fi Plus module, a partnership with audio specialists Bang & Olufsen, was
more impressive. The stylish and compact B&O headphones fitted comfortably and
the music sample I listened to sounded pretty darn good.

The camera looks intriguing and I'd be keen to compare it with Samsung's version
when they become available later in the year.

Bear in mind that these "friends" are optional extras and not all of them are
available yet.

The good news is that at R11â[#x20ac]¯799, the LG G5 is slightly cheaper than
heavyweight competitors like the iPhone 6S and Samsung S7 (both
R12â[#x20ac]¯999) and BlackBerry Priv (R13â[#x20ac]¯â[#x20ac]¯999). So you'll
have a bit of spare cash to buy your G5 a little friend of its own.

But how does the G5 stack up as a smartphone without its friends to back it up?
I recently got to spend a few weeks with a friendless review unit and the short
answer is "pretty darn well".

It looks great, with the screen curving subtly to meet the aluminium body - the
G5 is LG's first metal-bodied flagship smartphone.

I was concerned that the slide-out battery might start to loosen up with use,
but in the month or so I had the G5, it remained locked in tight without a hint
of movement or rattle. The rounded edges make it really easy to hold and to slip
in and out of a pocket.

One thing that detracted from the otherwise excellent build quality was the
slight - but noticeable to the touch - lip running around the phone where the
back joins the sides. A minor niggle, but not something you expect in premium
device.

Performance-wise, the LG G5 has enough processing punch to take on any of the
present flagships, from Samsung and HTC to Huawei and Apple.

The top-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor combined with 4GB of RAM made for
effortless multitasking and glitch-free mobile gaming.

Battery life was acceptable if unremarkable, with the G5 getting me through a
full working day with moderate to heavy use.

Power users or road warriors would probably want to invest in a spare battery
module. The ability to swop power cells quickly is something that sets the G5
apart from its high-end competitors and is a big drawcard in my books.

There's also a microSD card slot, so you'll be able to beef up the 32GB of
storage by up to 200GB.

The rear-mounted fingerprint scanner-power button is quick and responsive, if
not quite as lightning fast as that on Huawei's P9.

Another big plus in the G5's favour is its innovative dual rear camera
configuration. If you read last week's column, you'll recall that the Huawei P9
has a similar set-up.

The G5's is different in that instead of one being black and white, LG has
kitted out the G5 with one regular 16-megapixel camera and one 8-megapixel
wide-angle camera.

It makes for a powerful combo. On its own, the standard camera is on par with
the best available.

The wide-angle lens lets you pull off some neat tricks unavailable to owners of
other phones, including squeezing much more into a picture than you could using
a standard lens. This is particularly useful if you're taking pictures of large
groups of people or towering landmarks like mountains and skyscrapers.

Semi-pro features in the camera app, like manual controls and RAW support, will
appeal to more serious photographers and, coupled with the after-market photo
module, would make for an ideal back-up snapper for situations where a bulky
DSLR camera would be impractical.

At the other end of the photography spectrum, selfie fans haven't been left out,
with the 8-megapixel front-facing camera up there with the best of them.

If you're in the market for a premium smartphone with a difference, be sure to
check out the LG G5 before you make a decision.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter â[#x20ac]¨@alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

LG G5 may have an all-metal body: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 182 words


LG seems all geared to launch an all-metal design smartphone with G5 in 2016.
According to media reports, the company's next flagship LG G5 will sport a
unibody metal build.

This will make G5 the company's first metal-bodied smartphone and it reportedly
will take a "major step forward" on design front with the smartphone. The South
Korean giant recently launched V10 with metal trims on sides. Its current
flagship G4 has a variant with leather back.

LG is expected to launch G5 during Mobile World Congress early next year. This
means the smartphone will be launched almost at the same time as Samsung Galaxy
S7. Reports also suggest that LG is planning to make G5 available soon after its
launch.

LG Electronics recently reported a steep drop in net profit for the September
quarter on weak smartphone sales. The company's net profit for the third quarter
dipped 38% as the mobile unit continued to lose against low-cost Chinese brands
as well as against Apple and Samsung in the premium segment. LG reported 45%
drop in net profit for the March-June quarter.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    February 24, 2016 Wednesday 10:13 AM EST

Hardware designers could fall in love with LG G5?

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 827  words


Click for image

First impressions of the LG G5 recollected Google's project Ara, one of the
Google ATAP team's projects led by former DARPA chief Regina Dugan to prove the
viability of building a modular mobile hardware ecosystem. The goal of the
project is to enable users to create a modular smartphone that is precisely
tailored to their functional and aesthetic preferences.

Before dismissing the G5's modularity take a fresh look at it. For the moment
just suspend your disbelief about modularity or pretend that modularity wasn't
announced. It is a beautifully executed flagship phone designed and produced by
one of the best mobile shops in the world.

The specifications look like the requirements set by a consumer that wants to
spend an estimated $650 to $750 that flagships like this cost. (LG's
announcement did not include an exact price or release date.)


     ·    5.6 inch IPS LCD 1440 X 2560 pixels screen at 525 ppi


     ·    4GB RAM and 64GB ROM


     ·    Android v6.0 (Marshmallow)


     ·    Storage4GB RAM, 64GB Internal


     ·    External MicroSD support (up to 200GB)


     ·    64bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC


     ·    Adreno 520 GPU


     ·    20 MP Primary camera with 4k Video Support, Optical Image
          Stabilisation, Laser Autofocus,


     ·    HDR, Panorama


     ·    2800 mAh Li-ion removable battery with Quick Charge 3.0


Vivid colorful screen, fast processor and graphics, great camera and the two
features that consumers howled about losing in many recent smartphone designs, a
removable battery and MicroSD slots. There will never be a battery large enough
nor enough internal ROM storage for every user's needs.

In a nutshell the G5 can be described as superior components housed in a
polished metal unibody. Taken together the G5 stands up to other flagships like
the iPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy S7.

Returning to the G5's modularity, LG introduced two swappable modules. Pull down
on the bottom to release the battery drawer and slide in the LG Cam Pro or the
LG Hi-Fi Pro to customize the G5. The LG Cam Pro expands the battery to 4000mAh
for all-day shooting and adds a focus wheel and separate point-and-shoot types
of buttons for video and photos. The module's shape produces a comfortable and
natural grip. The LG Hi-Fi Pro was developed in partnership with B&O Play,
offering a 32-bit DAC and amp, designed to produce an audiophile experience from
a smartphone.

MORE ON NETWORK WORLD: How to use public Wi-Fi hotspots safely

Without hands-on testing of the Cam Pro and Hi-Fi Pro and knowing the prices
it's hard to predict how consumers will respond to these modules. But depending
on how LG has designed the hardware and software interfaces it could be the
first company to create an ecosystem of partners that build on its platform.
Google's project Ara proved that a smartphone can be built with modules
independently designed using a published software reference design. If the G5 is
engineered using a similar structured approach - systems designers could be
attracted to build new modules. And the more G5s and similarly modular LG phones
that ship the more system designers that will be attracted.

Building an Android module for the G5 eliminates building all but the
proprietary software components that differentiate the module and reduces
project risk because many custom products were already engineered with this
operating system. The Android operating system has been applied to many
applications other than smartphones, smartwatches and tablets. Android automates
treadmills, thermostats and vending machines to mention a few. It can be
recompiled for new hardware systems and it fits almost any application where a
touch interface and communications with other devices and cloud based systems
needs to be added to a product like log into a treadmill to track exercise.

Like familiarity with Android software reduces time-to-market and risk, so does
designing a module with G5 hardware because so many design engineers have
experience working with the underlying hardware components. Qualcomm, MediaTek
and other mobile chip makers deliver reference designs with CPUs and GPUs and
send their own system engineers to teach customers in order to accelerate their
customers' time-to-market.

What might be built with the G5 modular platform is anyone's guess. LG might
just give customers more choices to change the price performance of its phones
by replacing a camera module or screen with one that's better or less expensive.
But there are many mundane and exotic possibilities. A very low cost EKG used to
monitor a patient at home springs immediately to mind. There is a rich variety
of microsensors and microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) that can control
projectors, switch optical signals, identify chemical and biological substances
using mass spectrometry that could be built as a module.

If LG has built the G5 as the first in a product line of modular mobile devices
and is committed to making systems companies that design for its modular
platform successful, LG could gain the first mover advantage in modular mobile
devices.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

LG G5 review: Superb display and camera but falls short elsewhere

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 564  words


John Everington

LG wowed the crowds at this year's Mobile World Congress in February with the
G5, the first modular smartphone with swappable accessories. Even without those
accessories (LG promises us we shall be able to test them shortly), it's a
compelling device with a great display and brilliant cameras, despite falling
short in one or two areas.

Like HTC, LG has overhauled the tried and trusty designs of its former
flagships, the G5 coming encased in a smooth aluminium body. It's undoubtedly a
well-crafted premium device, although the colour coating gives it a slightly
plastic feel that puts it below the Samsung Galaxy S7 and H TC 10.

LG has cut the size of the G5's IPS LCD Quad HD screen to 5.3 inches from the
G4's 5.5 inches, but has wisely left the close-to-flawless display of its
predecessor otherwise unchanged. The G5's naturalistic colour palette and smooth
rendering are up there with the best smartphones on the market, with the (now
quite dated) Mad Max: Fury Road trailer looking better on the G5 than on
virtually any device I've tested over the past year.

Camera-wise, the G5 goes for quantity and quality, offering both a 16MP standard
rear camera and an 8MP wide angle snapper on the back as well. It's a very
welcome feature, the wide-angle lens proving very handy for group photos and
panoramas. And while the LG's main 16MP camera has argu ably been eclipsed by
that of the Galaxy S7, it still takes bright and detailed images that are close
to best in class.

Like the G4 before it, the G5's main Achilles heel is its comparatively small
2,800 mAh battery, which struggled to last an entire day of moderate use. While
the ability to swap out the battery is nice on paper, most of us would trade
that for a battery that offered a few more hours of juice.

It launched in the UAE in mid-April and retails for Dh2,499, the same price as
the Galaxy S7, but Dh100 more than the HTC 10. It falls a little short in terms
of design and battery life, but its superb display and its excellent rear
cameras make it highly recommended.

Q&A

So what is a 'modular smartphone' then?

It's a smartphone that you fit different modules on to. You simply press a
button on the bottom left-hand side of the G5, then ease off the bottom of the
phone and plug in a new module, or as LG calls them, "Friends". This also allows
you to easily swap out a dead battery for a new one, although why you'd want to
do that is anyone's guess.

According to Facebook, I have more than 500 "Friends". How many does LG have?

Not quite that many at the mom ent, although LG will be hoping that third-party
developers will get creative with the concept. Two plug-in Friends were launched
alongside the G5. They are "Hi-fi Plus with B&O Play" that offers superior audio
playback, as well as the "Cam Plus" that offers a better camera grip and better
controls.

Sounds interesting. What are they like?

LG says it will send them over soon, so will let you know in due course.

Speaking of cameras, I'm far more interested in taking pictures of myself than
others.

In that case the 8MP selfie camera won't let you down. Having said that, there's
no wide-angle selfie cam (like there was on the LG V10), so you might not be
able to get your entire big head into the shot.

There's no need to stoop that low. Finally ...

It comes in silver, Titan, gold, and, you'll be relieved to hear, pink.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 camera module to cost Rs 6,500

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


NEW DELHI: LG is all set to launch its flagship G5 smartphone on June 1 .
However, the company has already started taking pre-orders for the upcoming
flagship starting May 21 on Flipkart, and is also offering consumers a free LG
Cam Plus module for till May 31. While the LG G5 is listed on Flipkart at Rs
52,990, the e-commerce portal has also revealed the price of the LG Cam Plus
module - Rs 6,500.The new G5 sports aluminum unibody modular design featuring a
slide-out battery. The battery of the smartphone can be popped out to attach the
LG Cam Plus module to it. It comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which
adds to the G5's standard 2,800 mAh battery.The module offers better grip and
stability while taking pictures.

There is also a switch to launch the camera along with a digital-zoom dial,
shutter-release button and video recording button.Talking about the
specifications, the LG G5 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of
up to 2TB in size. The modular flagship has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum
display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.The G5 features dual rear cameras
-- a standard 16MP and a wide angle 8MP, along with an 8MP front camera. The
phone is backed by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow
out-of-the-box. The 4G enabled smartphone weighs 159 grams and will be available
in four colours - Silver, Titan, Pink and Gold.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday

[Newsmaker] G5 steers turnaround of LGâ[#x20ac][TM]s mobile unit

LENGTH: 476 words


LG Electronics has made diverse new experiments with its smartphones such as the
leather-clad G4 and dual-camera phone V10 over the past year. The phones were
great but received little acknowledgement from customers.

The company has recently come up with another unprecedented phone in the market
-- the world's first modular smartphone G5. But this time the initial market
reaction seems quite different, with orders soaring.

LG G5

According to telecom carriers and retailers, the phone sold more than 15,000
units on Thursday when it went on sale in Korea. The figure is more than triple
that of its predecessor G4 a year ago.

The G5 has an accessory slot at the bottom, which allows users to swap in
different modules. Currently, two modules are available to upgrade camera and
audio functions.

The company is also pushing hard the LG G5 "Friends," which are companion
accessories such as a headphone, virtual reality headset and 360-degree camera
that work paired with the phone.

In order to better pitch the features, LG didn't receive preorders and has
carried out large-scale experience events through thousands of retailers and
pop-up zones.

"Despite Samsung's Galaxy S7 launch in early March, many customers seem to have
waited for the G5," said an official from a local telecom company who wished to
be unnamed citing a company policy that bans commenting on clients.

'Young customers especially in their 20s are showing keen interest in the
phone's modularity."

The G5 comes at an opportune time for LG. While its appliance and car parts
units have posted strong sales, the mobile business unit has continued losing
money due to sluggish device sales in recent years.

Industry watchers say the company's turnaround is largely dependent on the
phone's success in the coming months.

"If the phone hits the 3-million mark in sales, its ASP (average selling price)
could surge 20 percent," said Kwon Seong-ryul, a researcher at Dongbu
Securities.

He predicted an operating profit of 47 billion won ($41 million) in the second
quarter, compared to 42 billion won loss in the previous quarter.

Park Won-jae, a researcher at KDB Daewoo Securities, also forecast a sales
upswing, calling production key to maintaining the momentum.

LG advanced the flagship phone launch a month compared to usual, which means it
had less time to secure early supplies.

Over the weekend, some customers complained that they couldn't buy their
favorite color models as some colors such as silver and titan were sold out.

LG said earlier it had dispatched some 300 researchers to the G5 manufacturing
plant to beef up production.

Starting with the U.S. debut on April 1, the G5 plans to hit overseas markets in
the coming weeks such as China and Europe. Some analysts predict the phone could
sell more than 10 million units this year, becoming the best-selling G series
model.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

LG unveils its innovative new flagship handset --- G5

BYLINE: Anja Prohaska

LENGTH: 246  words


One of the handsets which grabbed the spotlight at the Mobile World Congress
(MWC) 2016 trade show in Barcelona, Spain, on Sunday, was South Korean device
maker LG's new flagship handset --- G5.

The LG G5 was, by far, the most innovative new flagship device to be introduced
at the trade show this year. The G5 handset features a complete redesign of the
current LG flagship, the G4. Boasting an all-metal design, the newly-unveiled G5
is 159-gram handset which measures 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7 mm.

The LG G5 is scheduled to hit the US markets in April; and will be available
from Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and Best Buy. LG will offer four color options for
the handset --- Silver, Gold, Titan, and Pink.

Some of its most impressive specifications include a 5.3-inch IPS LCD QHD
'Always-On' display with 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution; Qualcomm's newest
Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor; 4GB of RAM; a removable 2,800 mAh battery;
and 32GB of onboard storage capacity, which can be expanded to 200GB via a
microUSB card. The handset runs the Android OS 6.0 'Marshmallow' version; and is
equipped with a 16-megapixel main rear camera; and an 8-megapixel front-facing
camera.

The most distinguishing feature of the G5 is that it enables users to benefit
from different 'modules' which can be used for the handset by sliding out its
battery. Among the modules available for use in G5, one of the modules adds a
bigger battery and camera controls; while another one offers better sound
quality.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

LG looks to outsmart Apple, Samsung

LENGTH: 448 words


LG Electronics' mobile business chief Cho Ju-no said Thursday that the company's
upcoming flagship smartphone G5 will offer differentiated value to customers,
exuding confidence in the imminent battle with competitors Samsung Electronics
and Apple.

"Even though LG Electronics is beefing up its budget smartphone lineup, it will
focus on delivering fun and exotic value to customers through premium products
like the G5," Cho said.

LGE CEO Cho Ju-no poses with the G5 smartphone.ã[#x20ac][#x20ac](LGE)

In reference to Apple's budget smartphone iPhone SE, the CEO said, "Rolling out
a product with same-old technology and features is not LG's way."

He was fending off market concerns over LGE facing off Apple's latest mid-range
iPhone SE handset. He made the remarks at the opening event of a product
experience zone for the G5 and its accompanying device lineup, dubbed Friends,
in Seoul.

Apple recently released the 4-inch iPhone SE, which is said to offer similar
performance to the iPhone 6s, but at a lower price. The price of the new iPhone
SE starts at $399, compared to $649 for the iPhone 6s.

CEO Cho also hinted that the firm's first mobile payment solution LG Pay will
hit the market as early as the first half of this year.

It has not been decided whether subsequent LG smartphone models will adopt a
module-based design and be compatible with G5 modules, according to the CEO.

Industry watchers anticipate that the G5, the mobile payment, and the Friends
devices will be able to lift the earnings of the company in the coming months.

KB Investment and Securities estimated that sales of the G5 will exceed 100
million units this year, surpassing the record first-year sales of the G3, which
was 70 million units.

In line with marketing efforts ahead of the upcoming release of the modular
phone G5 and the Friends devices, the company will run large-scale product
experience zones in posh districts in Seoul.

This will begin in Garosu-gil, an upscale district with cafes and fashion shops,
and the Times Square shopping complex in Yeongdeungpo-gu on Friday. An
experience zone, called LG Playground, will be launched at the IFC Mall in
Yeouido, Coex shopping complex in Samseong-dong, and Hyundai Department Store in
Pangyo and Sinchon by the end of this month.

The tech giant came up with the "Playground" marketing scheme to promote the
handset and Friends devices. The zones include a 360-degree camera, a ball-shape
rolling robot equipped with a camera, a drone, and virtual reality goggles.

The G5's removable battery can be removed from a slot at the bottom of the
handset and attached to several Friends devices -- including a camera and a
portable audio system -- to power them.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

A trailblazer that boasts playful, modular set-up;
LG G5 ticks all the right boxes as a standalone smartphone and allows for two
fun add-ons

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 670 words


The LG G5 is a curious creature, a commutable chimera that has two roles: as a
standalone flagship smartphone, and as the nexus of a modular add-on ecosystem.

On its own, the G5 is a competent, playful device. But as the first phone to
introduce modular components to the consumer market, it is a trailblazer.

Creating a modular phone has been somewhat of a Holy Grail for some smartphone
makers over the last few years. A flexible, interchangeable set-up allows for
easy upgrades, less electronic waste, greater customisability and lower overall
costs.

Prominent examples include Google's modular smartphone Project Ara, which is
scheduled to begin pilot testing this year, and indie projects such as
PuzzlePhone and Phonebloks, which have generated significant traction.

But LG is the first major manufacturer to hit the market with two adds-ons: the
LG Cam Plus and the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play.

Both attachments can be snapped on to the G5's removable battery, and then
slotted back into the phone.

The Cam Plus acts as a handgrip, and adds physical shutter, video and zoom
buttons to the camera, while the Hi-Fi Plus is a portable digital-to-analog
converter for audiophiles.

For now, neither one is integral to the operation of the phone, and neither is
there a guarantee that they will work with future LG phone models.

But they portend a future where phone modules can be swopped out like desktop
components, and LG should be lauded for taking the risk of building them.

As a standalone phone, the G5 ticks all the right boxes, and there is a
refreshing sense of playfulness pervading its design.

PRICE: $988

PROCESSOR: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 (Dual-core 2.15 GHz & dual-core 1.6 GHz)

DISPLAY: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display, 2, 560 x 1,440 (554 ppi pixel
density)

OPERATING SYSTEM: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)

CAMERA: (Dual lens, rear) Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP, (Front) 8MP

MEMORY: 32GB (microSD expandable up to 2TB), 4GB RAM

BATTERY: Removable 2,800mAh

DESIGN: 4/5

FEATURES: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 5/5

OVERALL: 4/5

The 5.3-inch G5 sits easily in the hand, with its glass-and-metal alloy
construction given a less severe edge by a layer of textured primer coating the
phone's shell.

Its edges are pleasingly curved, although the bump on the back of the phone to
house its dual cameras is rather prominent.

The G5's physical buttons are well placed and easily accessible, with a volume
rocker and latch on the left, 3.5mm port on the top and a SIM/microSD card tray
on the right.

Under the hood is the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, Adreno 530
graphics and up to 2TB of expandable storage.

In my time with the phone, it was unfailingly responsive.

In terms of performance, it is right up there with the best in the market right
now.

The removable 2,800mAh battery of the phone is also a big plus, given that the
ability to change the battery is something that is often missing from many
high-end handsets these days.

To swop out the juice pack, press a latch on the bottom left of the phone to
slide the battery and connector out. A tagline scrawled on the bright chartreuse
battery makes the G5's design philosophy clear: "Life's good when you play
more."

The phone's UX 5.0 interface is also cheerful, with bright and bold icons. The
default UI does not have an app drawer, but users can get this convenient
feature by downloading the LG Home 4.0 launcher.

The camera yields highly detailed photographs, and captures textures and small
features well under both bright daylight and indoor fluorescent light.

It focuses fast, and I found the wide-angle mode a huge plus, as it was
particularly useful when taking scenery shots or big-group photos in confined
settings.

I did find the colours to be a little cool, though, and, in low light, the
pictures were noisier than I expected. But most of the time, the G5's camera is
more than enough to produce great pictures.

·The G5 is a playful, fun, high- performing flagship that heralds a possible
modular smartphone future.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LG's G5 is the first phone from a major maker to introduce modular
components to the consumer market.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

LG rolls out Android N preview programme for G5 users

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


NEW DELHI: LG has started rolling out the Android N preview programme for G5
users. The programme is available in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will enable
users to experience Android 7.0 Nougat early. The preview programme will be only
available to 2000 testers, who have applied for it on a first-come, first-served
basis, starting August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app from Google
Play Store and follow mentioned steps to download the preview release of Android
Nougat through the companion desktop application.

Participants of the preview programme will be able to offer feedback and report
bugs, so that the same can be removed from the final release when it's seeded to
all customers. LG will also announce the stable Nougat rollout for G5 users once
it is ready.For those unaware, LG G5 is the first modular flagship smartphone of
the company. The handset sports an aluminium unibody modular design featuring a
slide-out battery, which can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module (and
a few others) to it. It comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which adds to
the G5's standard 2,800mAh battery capacity. The module also has physical camera
controls and according to the company, offers better grip and stability while
taking pictures. Physical controls include a digital-zoom dial as well as a
shutter -release button and a video recording button. LG G5 is powered by a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM,
with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB in size. The modular smartphone has
a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixels.
Recently, Sony also started seeding its Android N beta build for its Xperia X
Performance smartphone. The company is calling it the Xperia Beta Programme, and
it is presently available for users in European countries. Users can try out
Android N on their Xperia X Performance smartphones by downloading the beta
programme app from the Google Play Store.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

LG rolls out Android N preview programme for G5 users

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


NEW DELHI: LG has started rolling out the Android N preview programme for G5
users. The programme is available in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will enable
users to experience Android 7.0 Nougat early. The preview programme will be only
available to 2000 testers, who have applied for it on a first-come, first-served
basis, starting August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app from Google
Play Store and follow mentioned steps to download the preview release of Android
Nougat through the companion desktop application.

Participants of the preview programme will be able to offer feedback and report
bugs, so that the same can be removed from the final release when it's seeded to
all customers. LG will also announce the stable Nougat rollout for G5 users once
it is ready.For those unaware, LG G5 is the first modular flagship smartphone of
the company. The handset sports an aluminium unibody modular design featuring a
slide-out battery, which can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module (and
a few others) to it. It comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which adds to
the G5's standard 2,800mAh battery capacity. The module also has physical camera
controls and according to the company, offers better grip and stability while
taking pictures. Physical controls include a digital-zoom dial as well as a
shutter -release button and a video recording button. LG G5 is powered by a
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM,
with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB in size. The modular smartphone has
a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixels.
Recently, Sony also started seeding its Android N beta build for its Xperia X
Performance smartphone. The company is calling it the Xperia Beta Programme, and
it is presently available for users in European countries. Users can try out
Android N on their Xperia X Performance smartphones by downloading the beta
programme app from the Google Play Store.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

LG G5 gets officially announced; Here are all the details

LENGTH: 429  words


By tbreak Staff -

During the company's official smartphone unveiling, LG G5 was brought into the
spotlight and it is completely different as far as its predecessors are
concerned. First off, the smartphone features the best hardware that you can
expect in a smartphone. Starting off, the handset sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon
820 chipset, and yes, the smartphone will be providing support for Quick Charge
3.0.

Aside from 4GB of RAM, LG G5 also has 32GB of internal storage, along with a
microSD card slot that can accommodate up to 2TB of storage cards. This will
effectively transform your flagship smartphone into a portable media hub, if you
are willing to invest a whole lot of cash in a 2TB microSD card (which have not
been released, mind you). The phone itself has a 5.3 inch IPS LCD and we were
happy to see that G5 did not go overboard with the resolution and decided to
keep it maintained at 1440p for the sake of battery life. Speaking of battery
life, consumers will be able to rake out at least a whole day of average use
with a 2,800mAh removable cell present inside it.

The device itself comprises of a complete metal unibody, so in short, we are
glad to see that Android phone manufacturers are getting real serious in
incorporating both design, aesthetics and flexibility in their high-end
offerings. Most of the critics out there will argue that 2,800mAh is far too low
to be present in an expensive device like this, but only the tests will conclude
that. Additionally, the presence of LG's custom UI and the fact that G5 is
running Android Marshmallow 6.0 means that there are going to be several
performance and battery level optimizations that were serve your purpose till
the end.

LG G5 is also the first smartphone from the company to sport a USB-C port.
Unlike microUSB ports, USB-C ports can deliver more power and transfer data much
quicker as opposed to the previous interface that you readily see in Android and
Windows Phone powered handsets. The 16MP rear camera sensor has an aperture of
f/1.8, which is the same as those present in the smartphone's predecessors.
While we were expecting some upgrades from this side of the smartphone, LG G5
does have a rear sensor with a 135 degrees wide angle lens, allowing you to
capture more content as a result.

There are no pricing details provided, but we will keep you up to date on how
much LG G5 will cost when available for consumers.

YouTube

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/65/145618478466.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/49/145618478479.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/16/145618478494.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 June 19, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

How to make 'friends' with your G5 modules

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 934 words


You have to hand it to LG. The South Korean company has never been afraid to
take bold design decisions with its smartphones.

The LG G2 was the first phone I encountered with a power and volume button
assembly on the back of the device, a placement now emulated by others, most
notably Huawei who locates their fingerprint scanner there. And who could forget
the LG G Flex, that wacky phablet sporting a banana-shaped curve?

The G5 continues this tradition for quirkiness. At first glance it's an
attractive, if unremarkable smartphone - a metal body with a fingerprint scanner
on the back, 5.3-inch quad HD screen and running Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow).

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This modular design gives G5 owners the ability to slot in
a variety of aftermarket modules to deliver the smartphone equivalent of
superpowers.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam. You've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers
both a beefier battery and a palm-fitting grip with a dedicated shutter button
and zoom wheel.

LG calls these modules "friends" and regular readers will recall that I got to
meet some of them in April when LG's Eric Woo was in town to show them off.

There is also a virtual reality (VR) headset and a 360Âº camera you can use to
create content to view and share in VR.

My impressions were pretty positive, although they were a tad rough in their
implementation.

For example, the VR headset plugs into the phone via a cord, so its lightweight
compared with Samsung's GearVR which you slot your phone in to use. But the VR
experience, in my brief session, was not great.

The virtual roller-coaster ride I tried out would have been spectacular were it
not for the fact that I could see out of the bottom of the headset to the real
world, which ruined the effect.

The Hi-Fi Plus module, a partnership with audio specialists Bang & Olufsen, was
more impressive. The stylish and compact headphones fitted comfortably and the
music sample sounded pretty good.

The 360Âº camera looks intriguing and I'd be keen to compare it with Samsung's
version when they both become available later in the year.

Bear in mind that these "friends" are optional extras and not all of them are
available yet.

The good news is that at R11 799, the LG G5 is slightly cheaper than heavyweight
competitors like the iPhone 6S and Samsung S7 (both R12 999) and BlackBerry Priv
(R13 999). So you'll have a bit of spare cash to buy your G5 a little friend of
its own.

But how does the G5 stack up as a smartphone without its friends to back it up?
I recently got to spend a few weeks with a friendless review unit and the short
answer is "pretty darn well".

It looks great, with the screen curving subtly to meet the aluminium body - the
G5 is LG's first metal-bodied flagship smartphone.

I was concerned that the slide-out battery may start to loosen with use, but in
the month or so I had it, it remained locked in without a hint of movement or
rattle. The rounded edges make it easy to hold and to slip in and out of a
pocket.

One thing that detracted from the otherwise excellent build quality was the
slight, but noticeable to the touch, lip, running around the phone where the
back joins the sides.

A minor niggle, but not something you expect in premium device.

Performance-wise, the LG G5 has enough processing punch to take on any of the
current flagships from Samsung, HTC, Huawei and Apple.

The top-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor combined with 4GB of RAM made for
effortless multitasking and glitch-free mobile gaming.

Battery life was acceptable if unremarkable, with the G5 getting me through a
full working day with moderate to heavy use.

Power users or road warriors would probably want to invest in a spare battery
module, and the ability to quickly swop out power cells is something that sets
the G5 apart from its high-end competitors and a big drawcard in my books.

There's also a microSD card slot so you can beef up the 32GB of on-board storage
by up to 200GB.

The rear-mounted fingerprint scanner/power button is |quick and responsive, if
not quite as lightning fast as that on Huawei's P9.

Another big plus in the G5's favour is its innovative dual rear camera
configuration.

If you read last week's column, you'll recall that the Huawei P9 has a similar
set up. The G5's is different in that instead of one being black and white, LG
has kitted out the G5 with one regular 16-megapixel camera and one 8-megapixel
wide-angle camera.

It makes for a powerful combo. On its own, the standard camera is on par with
the best currently available. But the wide-angle lens lets you pull off some
neat tricks unavailable to owners of other phones, including squeezing much more
into a picture than you could using a standard lens. This is particularly useful
if you're taking pictures of large groups of people or towering landmarks like
mountains and skyscrapers.

Semi pro features in the camera app like manual controls and RAW support will
appeal to more serious photographers and, coupled with the after-market photo
module, would make for an ideal back-up snapper for situations when a bulky DSLR
camera would be impractical.

At the other end of the photography spectrum, selfie fans haven't been left out,
with the 8-megapixel front facing camera up there with the best of them.

If you're in the market for a premium smartphone with a difference, be sure to
check out the LG G5 before you decide

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Android 7.0 Nougat coming to LG G5 early

LENGTH: 194  words


Early Preview Program brings Android 7.0 to LG G5

Are you an LG G5 user eagerly waiting to get Android 7.0 on your device? Well
you are in luck, if you are in South Korea that is.

LG as launched a new "Preview Program" on the LG U+ network that will let G5
owners get an early taste of Android 7.0 Nougat. The window for the chance is
even smaller, as there is room only for 2000 users, which will be selected on a
first come first serve basis. More than just letting users try out Android 7.0
Nougat, the Preview Program also serves as a platform for users to report bugs
and feedback so that LG can make sure that the official rollout of Nougat on the
device is as smooth as Google would want it to be.

There is still no formal word on when the Android 7.0 OS will come to the LG G5.
Nexus users will be getting it in September, followed by Samsung. Although LG
has been quite late historically, this time it might be different. Users
interested in being a part of the Preview Program can register on the LG OS
preview app after downloading it via the LG promo page (Korean). Registration
started on August 16th, and will continue until all 2000 slots are filled.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

LG Electronics gripped by G5 failure

LENGTH: 501 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics, once considered a smartphone powerhouse along
with Samsung Electronics and Apple, may feel like tumbling down a steep hill due
to the disappointing performance of its flagship mobile business in recent
years.

After the sluggish sales of the G4 in 2015, the tech company had to eat humble
pie once again with its latest high-end smartphone G5 when the latest marquee
device lost its steam rather fast.

LG Electronics' mobile business chief Cho Ju-no

Unveiled in March 31 with much fanfare, the G5 topped smartphone sales in Korea
during the first week of April. Sales on the day of its launch reached 15,000
units -- three times that of its predecessor.

But things turned sour just a month later: daily sales nosedived to 3,000 units
in May, and the phone slipped to the fourth place in terms of smartphone sales
in the following weeks, according to market research firm Atlas Research &
Consulting.

Supply shortage was cited as the main reason for the sales drop, but the
fundamental problem ran deeper, according to market watchers.

"Compared to Samsung's smartphone, the G5 lacks a premium image and looks rather
like a toy, which is a huge turn-off for consumers," said a source from the
telecom sector on the condition of anonymity.

The G5, the first modular phone in the world, is far from complete.

The phone's modular devices including a camera-equipped rolling bot and a drone
controller, have not even hit the shelves yet, while some users complain about
the stability of the phone's external modules.

The lack of appealing features and a premium image has placed the G5 in an
uphill battle against even the outdated iPhones and Samsung's mid-range handsets
such as the Galaxy A and J lineups.

The G5 was ranked 10th in terms of sales while Samsung's mid-range smartphones
Galaxy J7 and K5 took sixth and eight places, respectively, in the fourth week
of June, according to Atlas Research & Consulting.

Newcomers in the market including Pantech's mid-range Sky IM-100 are also posing
a threat to LG.

To help rejuvenate its mobile communications business, LG recently set up a new
position called the "program management officer," under LG's mobile business
chief Cho Ju-no. The company also merged several sales and marketing divisions
to improve efficiency.

The restructuring is aimed at putting more focus on developing high-end
smartphone products, including the G and V smartphone lineups, the company said.

Despite such efforts, it would be hard for LG to turn things around in a short
time, according to market watchers.

"Annual sales of the G5 will stand at around 5.5 million , and LG's mobile
business will post around 400 billion won (US$344 million)of operating loss this
year," said Go Jung-woo, an analyst from NH Investment & Securities.

Cho Jin-ho, an analyst from Mirae Asset, said LG's mobile business will likely
continue to suffer an operating loss before the launch of the high-end
smartphones, G Flex 3 and V20, in the fourth quarter this year."

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

LG G5 opts for friendly bite of Apple pie

BYLINE: John Davidson - John Davidson is attending Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona as a guest of Samsung.

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 386 words


Saying it wants to "bring the excitement back to mobile phones", LG has
radically redesigned its flagship phone.

It has announced the G5 will have an unusual modular design that will allow
add-ons such as camera grips, high-resolution audio players and even drone
controllers to slot into the phone.

With the new design, the end of the phone pops off. It also allows for a
replaceable battery, despite the phone's unibody metal frame. Unibody designs
have prevented the most popular smartphones, Apple's iPhone 6s and Samsung's
Galaxy S6, from having replaceable batteries, much to the chagrin of many users.

At the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, LG said it had also built a new
ecosystem around the G5, which would work with so-called "Friend" devices such
as rolling robots with Wi-Fi cameras, virtual reality headsets, 360-degree
cameras and action cams that sent live feeds back to the phone.

All could be achieved with a simple three-step set-up.

The modular design and the "Friends" system are part of LG's move to match
Apple's ecosystem of add-on devices. They are credited with helping Apple
maintain its lead in the smartphone business.

LG mobile phone spokesman Frank Lee showed off a modular camera add-on, the CAM
Plus, that users could snap onto the G5 after removing the end of the phone. The
add-on provides the G5 with a grip, shutter and zoom buttons, as well as extra
battery life, making it more like a digital camera that can be used one-handed.

He also revealed the high-definition audio attachment, the Hi-Fi Plus with B&O
Play. It slots into the phone to improve the sound quality. The attachment,
which has been developed by Bang & Olufsen, supports audio tracks with 32-bit,
384-kilohertz audio that some people have found sounds better than ordinary
audio tracks.

On top of those ecosystem-related enhancements, LG has announced more standard
G5 enhancements. It uses USB-C cables and has an improved, wider-angle camera
and a screen that partly keeps running even when the phone is asleep, allowing
users to see the clock at all times. It also has a new processor and graphics
engine that probably are better for virtual reality.

The G5, which will run Android 6.0, will come with a 5.3-inch, quad HD (2560 x
1440 pixel) screen. Pricing and availability for Australia have yet to be
confirmed.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The G5 supports a new ecosystem.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

LG to begin selling G5 on Mar.31

LENGTH: 182 words


LG Electronics said Friday it will start the global sales of its latest flagship
smartphone, the G5 as of Mar.31.

First introduced at the Mobile World Congress last month, the G5 is acclaimed as
the industry's first "Modular Type" smartphone, which connects with various
accessories, including a camera controller that allows users to control the
handset like a digital single-lens reflex camera.

The release of the G5 comes after rival Samsung Electronics began selling its
Galaxy S7 smartphone last week.

LG G5 (LGE)

The G5 comes with promotional gifts that involve a gadget that allows users to
activate the smartphone like a digital camera, as well as a battery pack that is
worth more than $100.

The freebies, however, will vary depending on the country, LG added.

The company will also provide a discount of 38 percent on high-quality audio
modules produced by Bang & Olufsen.

Sources earlier said LG will also start sales of its virtual reality device, the
LG 360 VR, that will boast improved features compared to the one showcased at
the MWC, including better light blockage.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 might be revealed next month

LENGTH: 234  words


By tbreak Staff -

LG G5 rumors so far kept pointing to an earlier than normal release date, and
since the company's MWC 2016 invitees are out, can the rumors be true?

LG recently started sending out vague invites today, inviting members of the
media to an event scheduled on February 21st. It simply states "Play Begins"
with a mysterious jack-in-the-box music player in the background. There is no
official confirmation that the LG G5 would be announced next month, but last
year the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One M9 did get a jumpstart of the LG G4, so
LG might not want to repeat that. The invite does not mention what the music box
or "Play Begins" refers to either, but it could mean a new flagship device with
front facing speakers.

Rumored secs of the LG G5 include a Snapdragon 820 processor running on Android
Marshmallow. It will come with 3GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage,
according to the latest LG G5 rumors. Other specs include a display ranging
between 5.3 to 5.6 inches, depending on who you ask. It'll likely be quad HD (or
2K) again, but it there are possibilities for a rare 4K phone display. LG's
already impressive camera could get even better with faster performance and the
chance that it'll inherit the 120-degree wide LG V10's dual selfie camera, a
feature should really be in all phones.

The event will be held in Barcelona.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/55/145268633806.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      June 29, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LG G5: First To Go Modular

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 637  words


This award winner phone is a let down because of its most unique aspect, add-on
modules

Pros:

Powerful and smooth, Good 16MP/8MP dual camera with wide angle mode, Interesting
concept for modules - when they become available Cons:

Ecosystem of add-ons not readily available, Unexciting interface, Split view
gone, Expensive, specially with any add-ons, Dull design

For a couple of years there's been talk of whether phones should be modular. You
have the same basic size and shape but you can always carry bits to add to the
functions and features.

At the Mobile World Congress this year, LG excited me no end by being the first
to come up with this concept in real life and bring it to market. It even got
awarded the best phone at the show. It all sounded good -- on paper.

To see the LG G5 in real life though has a few instant disappointments. First:
these extra modules are not available for reviewers to see. I suspected they
weren't available for customers to see either and called up a few LG stores who
could only offer a battery and charging cradle. They did say a camera module
could be made available on order.

But LG has advertised and positioned the phone as something you are to "play"
with because of the many "Friends" it has. They envisaged a whole ecosystem of
add-on modules that snap into the phone when you release and slide out the
bottom separatable segment.

There are Friends to add battery booster, B&O hi-if DAC, camera grip with
controls, VR gear, and 360-degree camera. But can you even find out what these
add to the Rs 54,000 the G5 costs? Not really.

This is a problem not just LG but all devices dabbling with modular design will
have to solve if they want to really sell. Easy availability, pricing that
doesn't add hugely to the cost of the phone, and easy use. The practical
problems of carrying, keeping track of and changing modules has to be factored
into the use of the smartphone.

But there's no denying that the G5 is fast and smooth. It works with the
Snapdragon 820 processor and 4GB RAM so it isn't surprising. It runs Android
Marshmallow but

LG's interface is deeply unexciting and just has no character. On this iteration
they've unnecessarily removed with the app drawer and use on-screen navigation
buttons that are most difficult to get used to -- even if that is part of
Android.

I tried the G5's fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone. I had to forget it
because it wouldn't get past accepting my fingerprint even after repeated tries
with more than one finger.

If there's one thing exciting about the G5 it's the 16MP camera though if you're
paying that much why wouldn't you just consider the Galaxy S7 and the iPhone 6s
which have both been through enough to tests and reviews from experts.

The G5's is a good camera and you'll get realistic colour reproduction with
detail in good light. The same isn't true of photos in low light. The camera has
a wide angle mode with which you can take some excellent and interesting shots
and yes, I do wish we had that on other flagships. But would it be a reason for
me to pick up the G5 seeing that I'm a confirmed photo enthusiast? Nope. I see
the G5 as not fulfilling its promise in many ways, starting with that ecosystem
of Friends it's touting so much.

Press a button to release the bottom segment b if the G5. Then, let another
module come along for the ride for extra functions

On top of that, the design of this phone isn't stellar making the device look
and feel inexpensive -- which it certainly isn't.

There's a beautifully curved glass on the 5.3-inch screen, but from the back, it
looks and feels plasticky and ordinary. It has a slide-out removable 2800mAh
battery with Quick Charge 3.0.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost as much as she
likes her shoes. You can write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

LG Electronics releases another teaser for G5 -

LENGTH: 233 words


LG Electronics Inc. on Wednesday released another teaser for its upcoming
flagship G5 smartphone, providing a glimpse of the design and features for the
first time.

The 10-second video showed an outline of the G5 smartphone, with the phrase
"Always ON." The company also wrote the phrase "Never go asleep while others do"
on its social-network pages.

LG Electronics had earlier released a handful of teaser posters for the G5
smartphone, but none had provided details on features.

The "Always ON" feature was first introduced through the V10 smartphone last
year, which came with a dual display, with the smaller one on top displaying
core information, such as battery status on a 24-hour basis.

Industry watchers said LG Electronics may have adopted the "Always ON" screen in
the center of the display for better readability, compared with the V10
smartphone.

Earlier this month, LG Electronics sent out three invitations that read, "Come
meet new friends on the playground," featuring balloon animals, toy robots and
air dancers.

The G5 smartphone will be introduced on Feb. 21, a day before the opening of the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain. On the same day, LG's bigger rival
Samsung Electronics Co. will showcase its presumed Galaxy S7 in Barcelona.

LG is rumored to be adopting a metal body for the G5 to improve design, as the
predecessor G4's leather case did not appeal to users. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

Should you get the LG G5 smartphone?

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 476 words


LG's G5 hit the shelves on Friday, bringing the company's latest efforts to
stand out from the smartphone pack against mega-competitors such as Apple and
Samsung. LG's tactic with the new phone is to offer top-of-the-line specs in a
(slightly cheaper) phone than its premium competitors. The G5 also boasts an
unusual and experimental look - a modular design that lets you pull the whole
bottom of the phone off to accommodate a new battery or other accessories.

STANDOUT FEATURE: The LG G5 has a removable battery, which makes it pretty
unique among the flagship smartphones on offer right now. In fact, it's not just
the battery that's removable, but actually the whole bottom of the phone - sort
of a first step to a truly modular smartphone that lets you swop out parts of
the stock phone for other hardware features you may want. For example, LG has
already announced a speaker attachment it made in partnership with audio company
B&O Play. The promise of more accessories down the line makes it an intriguing
option.

Pros: The LG G5 ticks the right boxes - a big 5.3-inch display, strong software
performance and a good camera. Along with the removable battery, LG has also
offered an SD card slot to augment the 32GB of storage that come standard with
the device. It also has an (optional) always-on display that can keep you
up-to-date without pulling too much power from your battery.

In terms of general performance, the device's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
makes the whole phone pretty snappy. As a camera, the LG G5 also stands out from
the pack by sporting two cameras - one with a wide-angle lens that lets you take
shots with much more breadth to them. It's a little gimmicky, but undeniably
fun. Overall, it's a strong phone with a lot of promise to become something more
interesting if LG's stab at modularity takes off.

Cons: It's sort of a strange phone. There's no other way to describe it. It's
not necessarily a bad thing, but shoppers should know that LG is taking its own
design cues here. It's fingerprint sensor/power button is located on the back of
the phone - there are no buttons at all on the front of this device. All
navigation is done through the software. It feels quite boxy, perhaps due to the
removable slot at the bottom, which makes it a tad less comfortable to hold than
its curvier competitors. Still, its sturdy metal body also has a very light,
almost plastic feel to it.

Battery life was a little lacking as well, not quite making it through a whole
day of testing - though having the extra battery to swop in is a plus. The
display is also a little less vibrant than either Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge or
the iPhone 6S Plus, but not significantly less clear. And if you're looking
specifically at Android phones, it's worth noting that this is not waterproof,
unlike Samsung's latest models. - The Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics unwraps first G5 modular smartphone

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 273 words


LG took the wraps off its Flagship Android smartphone LG G5 today at its Play
Begins event in Barcelona. With the LG G5 the company has changed its design
strategy and innovated on the phone with a modular slot to take on the Samsung
Galaxy S7 that will be announced later today.

Weighing 159 gram, It has a 5.3-inch IPS display with a resolution of 2560 x
1440 pixels. In terms of specifications, it comes with Snapdragon 820 processor,
4GB RAM, 32GB storage and a 2,800mAh battery. Other features include microSD
slot for expansion, 4G, WiFi, Bluetooth, NFC, USB Type-C and Fingerprint
scanner.

LG has also improved upon the camera with a dual cameras setup - one standard
16MP sensor land a wide angle 8MP sensor. The cameras can be used together for
improved results or individually depending on your requirements. Front camera is
a 8MP shooter for Selfie enthusiasts.

LG G5 comes out of box with Android 6.0 operating system with a revamped
interface. LG has added an always on display for quick access to notifications
without unlocking the phone. Another new feature called Friend manager lets you
control the LG G5 accessories ecosystem from the phone remotely.

The phone has an all metal design but with a modular slot that can be used for
add-on modules. LG announced two companion modules along with the phone - One is
called Cam Plus and it adds a extension grip for camera with hardware shutter
and control buttons along with extra battery. Other is called HiFi plus and it's
a add-on audio player for improved sound output.

Details regarding price and availability have not been announced so far.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

LG bets big on G5, Friends smart products

LENGTH: 484 words


LG Electronics has been making all-out marketing efforts for its upcoming
marquee smartphone G5 and a smart device lineup, dubbed Friends, ahead of their
official release in the coming days.

After having suffered lackluster sales of the G4 smartphone last year, LG took a
bold move by introducing its first modular smartphone G5 and a group of smart
devices -- including a 360-degree camera, a virtual reality headset, a
ball-shape home monitoring robot, and a toy drone -- which can be controlled by
the G5.

Cho Ju-no, LG Electronics' mobile business head, announces plans to launch an
online commerce website for smart devices in Seoul on Thursday. (LGE)

The latest marketing efforts were announced at LG's developers conference, Dev
Concert 2016, held in Seoul on Thursday, where Korean developers and journalists
got a hands-on experience of the devices for the first time.

Taking part in the event, Cho Ju-no, LG's mobile business head, announced a plan
to launch an online commerce website for developers and consumers.

"LG will open the online commerce market where individual developers can
introduce their products for sale to consumers without a hitch," said the LG
CEO, adding that the company would try to boost collaboration with creative and
competent developers.

The announcement came days before the official release of the modular
smartphone, reportedly scheduled for March 31.

Reflecting the recent surging interest from the global news media toward the G5
and its "friends," Korean developers also paid a keen attention to the rather
unique products, such as a two-wheeled vehicle and a handy VR goggles, much
smaller than Samsung Electronics' Gear VR.

More than 400 developers in the hardware and software sectors participated in
the conference aimed at fostering collaboration between the tech firm and
developers in a wide range of areas including those for VR content and mobile
applications.

Of the some-400 participants, around 200 were developers from small and
medium-sized businesses, according to LG.

The electronics firm plans to make software and hardware development kits public
on its website (developer.lge.com) for Friends next month.

LG Electronics` Rolling Bot, a home monitoring robot equipped with two wheels
and a camera.

(Kim Young-won/The Korea Herald)

The Thursday conference was also in line with LG's efforts to create an open
ecosystem for the Friends devices, called LG Playground.

"Building an ecosystem for smart devices should be a long-term project," LG's
chief technology officer Ahn Seung-kwon said.

"LG Playground, a platform not only for G5 but also the next flagship models,
will be a venue where LG and developers can grow together," he added.

The company is expected to go head-to-head with its compatriot rival Samsung to
attract Silicon Valley developers as the two are slated to hold their own
developers conference in California next month.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5 boasts host of snap-on 'friends'

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 513 words


LG had one of the most holistic and forward-looking presentations at the Mobile
World Congress.

Instead of the stage being dominated by a single speaker, the LG folks had a
constant stream of people from different companies, such as Bang & Olufsen,
Parrot and Google Street View, introducing new devices and features.

The devices form an ecosystem that revolves around a central mobile device - in
this case, LG's new flagship smartphone, the G5.

In itself, the G5 is a great phone, but it truly comes to life when paired with
LG's suite of add-ons and companion devices, which the company has dubbed 'LG
Friends'... However, while LG's intention with these complementary devices is
clear, some of the products unfortunately are not quite up to scratch.

The new glass-and-metal unibody phone feels more elegant compared to the G4,
which has leather and polycarbonate options. It is powered by the latest
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip, has 4GB of RAM and a removable 2,800 mAh battery.

In itself, the G5 is a great phone, but it truly comes to life when paired with
LG's suite of add-ons and companion devices, which the company has dubbed "LG
Friends".

The LG Cam Plus add-on, for instance, adds a better camera grip and physical
buttons as well as additional battery capacity, while the LG Hi-Fi Plus is an
external 32-bit DAC and amplifier combo unit, created in collaboration with Bang
& Olufsen.

Then there are companion devices, such as the LG Rolling Bot, a rolling sphere
with an 8-megapixel camera that can be used as a home monitoring system or for
pet care.

LG also announced the LG 360 VR and the LG 360 Cam, the Korean company's crack
at producing and consuming VR content.

Unlike some other phone-compatible virtual reality headsets, there is no need to
slot a phone into the 360 VR as it has its own dual 1,080p Oled screens. This
means that it is only a featherweight 118g.

The 360 Cam has two wide-angle cameras placed back to back, and can be connected
wirelessly to a phone to create immersive, all-round pictures or video that can
be viewed using a VR headset.

However, while LG's intention with these complementary devices is clear, some of
the products unfortunately are not quite up to scratch.

I cannot shake the feeling that they were rushed out in order to keep up with
the timeline of the competition, and did not undergo a full-fledged development
process.

The 360 VR felt flimsy and cheap, and is meant to be perched on the face like a
pair of glasses, rather than being strapped on with a headband. This means that
there is plenty of light leaking in. Sometimes, even when my head was still, the
headset thought that I was moving, and when I did move, it took a noticeable
second to keep up.

The image quality of the 360 camera was also underwhelming, and the resultant
images looked as if there was motion blur when I was perfectly still and took
multiple shots. This is especially noticeable when it is pitted against
Samsung's Gear 360, which was announced on the same day. The latter produced
images and videos of a much better quality.

Lisabel Ting

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LG's latest smartphone, the G5 has many "friends". They include (above,
from left) the Rolling Bot, the Cam Plus camera accessory, the Bang & Olufsen
co-created sound module Hi-Fi Plus, the 360 VR and the 360 Cam.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Modular design can make LG's G5 smartphone and 'friends' the perfect fit

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 293  words


John Everington

BARCELONA // With the new G5, LG may well have come up with the defining
smartphone of this year's MWC. Not necessarily the best - the Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge is probably the lead contender right now - but the G5 is the boldest
flagship smartphone from a manufacturer in years.

Billed as the world's first modular smartphone (a few Kickstarter inventors
might be consulting lawyers), the G5 enables the user to remove the bottom of
the device via a surprisingly smooth mechanism, and fit in a number of
interchangeable modules, or "friends" as LG describes them. LG has already shown
us the LG Cam Plus, an enlarged camera grip with additional controls and more
battery power, as well as the LG Hi-Fi Plus, a high-resolution audio module
developed in conjunction with Bang & Olufsen.

And in an age of tweaks and upgrades, these "friends" have game-changing
potential.

It would be a mistake, however, to describe the G5 as just "the module phone".
The neat lines of the G4 and G3 have been transformed and replaced with a
beautifully crafted minimalist look with soft curved edges, putting the G5 in
the same league as the HTC M9 and the iPhone 6 in terms of design.

The G4's superb 16MP camera is once again present and has been joined on the
rear of the phone by a 135-degree wide-angle 8-megapixel camera.

The 5.3 inch display is a touch smaller than the G4's, but sports a higher pixel
density, with images and videos as pleasing as on their predecessor. And at long
last, a rear-mounted fingerprint reader is also thrown in.

The G5 is expected to hit the shelves from the beginning of April, with no word
on price so far. But however expensive it is, it will be near the top of our
wish lists in the next couple of months.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Now you can view 360 degree wallpapers on the LG G5

LENGTH: 270  words


Enjoy some of the most stunning 360 wallpapers on the LG G5

What good is VR when you don't have the right wallpapers to enjoy it with? Well,
LG thought of that, and has come out with new 360 degree landscapes for free
download, so that LG users can have 360 degree images on their G5 phones.

The 360 Wallpaper feature allows users to set a spherical image as their phone
wallpaper, which will behave like any other VR image. By moving the device
around, the background will move as well. Additionally, the photos can also be
viewed in a Cinematic View, while the LG 360 CAM captures the spherical photos
that can be used as wallpapers on the G5 or uploaded to Google Street View.

G5 users will also have free access to stunning wallpapers taken by professional
photographers, which includes amazing scenery shots as well as shots of famous
cities around the world. The users will have access to 12 photos first, with
four new images to be added each month.

"The G5 is designed to deliver a playful mobile experience to customers and
360-degree imagery is a key part of that experience," said Chris Yie, vice
president and head of marketing communications for LG Mobile Communications
Company. "360-degree photography is still in its early stages but we believe it
will drive adoption of VR innovation in the mobile space."

The images will be available between April and November in all 69 countries
where LG SmartWorld is available. Users can download the 360 degree wallpapers
on their phones from www.LGworld.com or download the Android app for more
information on the wallpapers as well as a chance to win prizes and gifts.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                 June 19, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

G5 goes 'Transformers' on you

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 758 words


You have to hand it to LG. The South Korean company has never been afraid to
take bold design decisions with its smartphones.

The G5 continues this tradition for quirkiness. At first glance it's an
attractive if unremarkable smartphone - a metal body with a fingerprint scanner
on the back, 5.3 inch quad HD screen and running Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow).

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This modular design gives G5 owners the ability to slot in
a variety of aftermarket modules to deliver the smartphone equivalent of
superpowers.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam, you've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers a
beefier battery and a palm-fitting grip with a dedicated shutter button and zoom
wheel.

LG calls these modules "friends". Apart from the aforementioned camera and
battery modules, there is a virtual reality (VR) headset and a 360-degree camera
you can use to create content to view and share in VR.

My impressions were generally pretty positive, although I did feel they were a
tad rough around the edges in their implementation.

For example, the VR headset plugs into the phone via a cord, so its refreshingly
lightweight compared to Samsung's GearVR which you slot your phone into to use.
But the VR experience was not great.

The virtual roller-coaster ride I tried out would have been quite spectacular,
were it not for the fact that I could see out of the bottom of the headset to
the real world, which rather ruined the effect.

The Hi-Fi Plus module, a partnership with audio specialists Bang & Olufsen, was
more impressive. The stylish and compact B&O headphones fitted comfortably and
the music sample I listened to sounded pretty darn good.

The 360 camera looks intriguing and I'd be keen to compare it to Samsung's
version when they both become available later in the year.

Bear in mind that these "friends" are optional extras and not all of them are
available yet.

The good news is that at R11 799, the LG G5 is slightly cheaper than heavyweight
competitors like the iPhone 6S and Samsung S7 (both R12 999) and BlackBerry Priv
(R13 999). So you'll have a bit of spare cash to buy your G5 a little friend.

But how does the G5 stack up as a smartphone without its friends to back it up?
I recently got to spend a few weeks with a friendless review unit and the short
answer is pretty well.

It looks great, with the screen curving subtly to meet the aluminium body - The
G5 is LG's first metal-bodied flagship smartphone.

I was concerned the slide-out battery may start to loosen up with use, but in
the month or so I had the G5, it remained locked in tight without a hint of
movement or rattle. The rounded edges make it really easy to hold and to slip in
and out of a pocket.

One thing that detracted from the otherwise excellent build quality was the
slight, but noticeable to the touch, lip running around the phone where the back
joins the sides. A minor niggle, but not something you expect in a premium
device.

Performance-wise, the LG G5 has enough processing punch to take on any of the
flagships from Samsung, HTC, Huawei and Apple.

The top-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor combined with 4GB of RAM made for
effortless multitasking and glitch-free mobile gaming.

Battery life was acceptable if unremarkable.

Power users or road warriors would probably want to invest in a spare battery
module and the ability to quickly swop out power cells is something that sets
the G5 apart from its competitors and a big drawcard in my books.

There's also a microSD card slot so you'll be able to beef up the 32GB of
on-board storage by up to 200GB.

The rear-mounted fingerprint scanner/power button is quick and responsive, if
not quite as lightning fast as that on Huawei's P9.

Another big plus is G5's innovative dual rear camera configuration. LG has
kitted out the G5 with one regular |16 megapixel camera and one 8 megapixel
wide-angle camera.

Semi pro features in the camera app like manual controls and RAW support will
appeal to more serious photographers and, coupled with the after-market photo
module, would make for an ideal back-up snapper for situations when a bulky DSLR
camera would be impractical.

Selfie fans haven't been left out, with the 8 megapixel front-facing camera up
there with the best.

If you're in the market for a premium smartphone with a difference, be sure to
check out the LG G5.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

LG G5-'Modular' At A Price

BYLINE: Rimit Singh

LENGTH: 511  words


We got our hands on the newest flagship smartphone, launched yesterday by the
South Korean electronics giant, and realised there is a catch to the Modular
offering.

LG has unveiled its latest addition to its premier 'G' series with the launch of
G5 smartphone in India with a host of accessories including the LG Cam Plus, LG
360 CAM as well as a Virtual Reality headset.

First Impressions

The device, priced at INR 52,990, at its first glance manages to impress with
its silver metallic housing, with a circular power button mounted at its rear
panel, which also serves as a Finger print sensor.

On the top right, rests a 3.5 mm headphone jack, while the volume rocker and the
speaker have been integrated on the left and bottom of the device panel.

The G5 on the display front offers a 5.3 inch quad HD IPS display, offering
vivid colors and crystal clear resolution while playing videos or just browsing
through images.

There are also 'two' camera lens (Yes, you heard it right!) mounted at the rear
of the device which includes a primary 16MP camera along with an 8MP camera for
a wide angle view, separated by an LED flash.

We managed to capture some random snaps in both its standard as well as wide
angle mode, and had to admit that LG has blessed the G5 with one among the best
camera optics in the flagship segment. The wide angle mode captured images with
an exceptional difference and can certainly be called as one of the best USP of
the device.

The device's much touted modular capability by LG however comes at a price as
the three external modules including the Cam Plus, 360 Cam and the Virtual
Reality headset come at an additional price tag of INR 6500, INR 19500 and INR
18900 respectively.

LG has also announced some other Interesting modules for the G5 including an
external B&O speaker which integrates with the device via pulling out its
battery slot at the bottom, and the Rolling Bot which comes a ball shaped home
surveillance robot operated by a dedicated smartphone app. Both the accessories
however will not be available in India for the time being.

LG also says that unlike its recently launched mid-range smartphones, the K7 and
K10 LTE, G5 will not be assembled in India, being a flagship offering.

Verdict

While the G5 left us impressed in the first impressions round, with its
astounding camera capabilities, a well build architecture and a vivid display.
We wouldn't call the modular compatibility of the device as its biggest USP
though (at least till we don't perform a full scale review of it) particularly
with the significant additional costs which they bring along.

Tech Specs-:

* Processor- Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

* Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM/ 32GB UFS ROM/ microSD (up to 2TB)

* Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi)

* Camera: Rear: Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP/ Front: 8MP

* Battery: 2,800mAh (removable)

* OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

* Size: 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm

* Weight: 159g

* Network: LTE/ 3G/ 2G

* Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac/ USB Type-C)/ NFC/ Bluetooth 4.2

* Colors: Silver/ Titan/ Gold/ Pink

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2016 Monday

Just in time for Mother's Day! Buy One LG G5 for Mom and You Can Get a Second
One FREE!

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Still looking for that perfect gift for Mom? For a limited time, new and
existing Sprint customers get a monthly service credit equal to the cost of a
second device monthly installment payment when you get two LG G5 phones. That's
right &ndash; a FREE LG G5!





 Beginning today, well-qualified customers adding at least one new line of
service can get the LG G5 for $0 down and just $24 per month for 24 months with
installment billing and their second LG G5 will be FREE for 24 months after a
$24 per month service credit.1 This great deal can apply to an upgrade as long
as the other phone is on a new line of service.





 Plus, until May 12, customers who turn in an eligible smart phone will get an
additional $150 guaranteed buyback2 on trade-in. Don't hesitate on this one!



 The brand new LG G5 flagship smartphone has a modular design and sleek, metal
unibody with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a used battery for
a fully charged one in seconds. It features a compact 360-angle camera equipped
with two 13 MP wide-angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory.



 Consumers switching to Sprint can take advantage of the biggest wireless offer
in U.S. history &ndash; 50 percent off the price of most Verizon, AT&T and
T-Mobile rate plans.3 Customers who switch get 50 percent off most current rate
plan prices from their current carrier. And, Sprint will cover switching fees up
to $650 per line.4



 Sprint also offers a 30-day satisfaction guarantee &ndash; the industry's best
consumer satisfaction guarantee. If customers aren't completely satisfied within
30 days, they can return their phone and Sprint will refund the cost of the
device and service charges.5



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 6, 2016 Friday

Just in time for Mother's Day! Buy One LG G5 for Mom and You Can Get a Second
One FREE!

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   Still looking for that perfect gift for Mom? For a limited time, new and
existing Sprint customers get a monthly service credit equal to the cost of a
second device monthly installment payment when you get two LG G5 phones. That's
right &ndash; a FREE LG G5!





 Beginning today, well-qualified customers adding at least one new line of
service can get the LG G5 for $0 down and just $24 per month for 24 months with
installment billing and their second LG G5 will be FREE for 24 months after a
$24 per month service credit.1 This great deal can apply to an upgrade as long
as the other phone is on a new line of service.





 Plus, until May 12, customers who turn in an eligible smart phone will get an
additional $150 guaranteed buyback2 on trade-in. Don't hesitate on this one!



 The brand new LG G5 flagship smartphone has a modular design and sleek, metal
unibody with a slide out removable battery to easily swap out a used battery for
a fully charged one in seconds. It features a compact 360-angle camera equipped
with two 13 MP wide-angle cameras, 1,200mAh battery and 4GB internal memory.



 Consumers switching to Sprint can take advantage of the biggest wireless offer
in U.S. history &ndash; 50 percent off the price of most Verizon, AT&T and
T-Mobile rate plans.3 Customers who switch get 50 percent off most current rate
plan prices from their current carrier. And, Sprint will cover switching fees up
to $650 per line.4



 Sprint also offers a 30-day satisfaction guarantee &ndash; the industry's best
consumer satisfaction guarantee. If customers aren't completely satisfied within
30 days, they can return their phone and Sprint will refund the cost of the
device and service charges.5



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

LG G5 modular smartphone to launch in India on June 1

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


NEW DELHI: LG is all set to launch the G5, its latest flagship smartphone, in
India. The South Korean tech giant has sent out media invites for an event
scheduled to take place on June 1, where it will be revealing G5. Talking about
the specifications, the LG G5 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of
up to 2TB in size.

The modular flagship has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a
resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.The G5 features dual rear cameras -- a standard
16MP and a wide angle 8MP, along with an 8MP front camera. The phone is backed
by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box.
The 4G enabled smartphone weighs 159 grams and will be available in four colours
- Silver, Titan, Pink and Gold.Recently, the company also started taking
pre-orders for the LG G5 . The smartphone is up for pre-order on Flipkart with a
price tag of Rs 52,990.LG also launched its Stylus 2 smartphone in India at a
price tag of Rs 19,500. The dual-sim phone runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow
out-of-the-box.The Stylus 2 features a 5.7-inch HD display with In-Cell touch
technology. Under-the-hood, it is powered by a Quad-Core Qualcomm Snapdragon
processor paired with 2GB of RAM.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

LG unveils G5 modular smartphone

LENGTH: 275 words


LG Electronics on Sunday unveiled its latest flagship smartphone G5, touting it
as the industry's first modular type smartphone with a "Magic Slot" for enhanced
camera and sound functions.

G5 (LG Electronics)

"With the new phone, LG will create its own fandom culture among users," said
LG's mobile chief Cho Juno during the official debut at World Mobile Congress in
Barcelona.

The G5 has an accessory slot at the bottom, which allows users to swap in
different modules.

The camera module, called "LG Cam Plus," includes a 1,200mAh battery and buttons
for diverse camera functions such as zoom, flash and shutter release.

Together with the phone's own battery, the total battery capacity increases to
4,000mAh. The module also features the analogue leather grip of DSLR cameras for
better user experience, the company said.

Another module is "LG Hi-Fi Plus," a digital to analog converter that offers the
best sound quality among smartphones. It is a partnership with Sweden's luxury
audio maker Bang & Olufsen.

The phone comes with a 5.3-inch quantum high definition display. It has also
been refashioned with metal and curved body. Four colors - silver, titan, gold
and pink - are available.

LG, which has focused on improving camera functions on its flagship phones, has
added a 135-degree wide angle lens this time, along with an upgraded expert mode
and user interface.

On Sunday, the company also unveiled eight "friends" of the G5, including a
virtual reality headset and a 360-degree camera that can work with the phone and
the accessory modules.

LG plans to release more details such as prices and launch dates soon.

By Lee Ji-yoon (jylee@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs HTC 10 vs LG G5 vs Apple iPhone 6S Plus

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has launched its Galaxy Note 7 phablet with a bunch of new
security features including the iris scanner. The phablet packs high-end
specifications and is also optimised to work with the next-gen Gear VR headset,
which also launched alongside the Note 7. Samsung calls its new phablet to be
the 'world's most intelligent smartphone'. Although the company has not yet
mentioned the India price of the Galaxy Note 7, the device would definitely be
competing with the flagship devices in the market. To see where the Galaxy Note
7 stands against other high-end handsets in the market, here is a comparison of
the device with the HTC 10, LG G5 and the iPhone 6S Plus.DisplaySamsung Galaxy
Note 7 - 5.7-inch QHD (2560x1440 pixels) Super Amoled with Corning Gorilla Glass
5.HTC 10 - 5.2-inch QHD resolution Super LCD 5 with Corning Gorilla Glass 3.LG
G5 - 5.3-inch QHD resolution IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 4.Apple iPhone
6S Plus - 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) IPS display with 3D Touch
technology.ProcessorSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - octa-core Exynos 8890/ quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820HTC 10 - Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820LG G5 -
Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820Apple iPhone 6S Plus - Apple A9
processorRAMSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 4GB RAMHTC 10 - 4GB RAMLG G5 - 4GB RAMApple
iPhone 6S Plus - 2GB RAMInbuilt StorageSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 64GB inbuilt
storage with microSD storage option up to 256GBHTC 10 - 32GB inbuilt storage
with microSD storage option up to 2TBLG G5 - 32GB inbuilt storage with microSD
storage option up to 2TBApple iPhone 6S Plus - 16/64/128GB with no external
storage option.CameraSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 12MP 'Dual Pixel' rear camera along
with 5MP front-facing camera.HTC 10 - 12MP 'Ultrpixel' rear camera along with
5MP front-facing camera.LG G5 - 16MP+8MP dual rear camera along with an 8MP
front-facing camera.Apple iPhone 6S Plus - 12MP iSight camera along with 5MP
Facetime camera.SizeSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 153.5x73.9x7.9mm.HTC 10 -
145.9x71.9x9.0mm.LG G5 - 149.4x73.9x7.3mm.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
158.2x77.9x7.3mm.BatterySamsung Galaxy Note 7 - non removable 3500mAh.HTC 10 -
non-removable 3000mAh.LG G5 - removable 2800mAh.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
non-removable 2750mAh.


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

Moto Z Force, LG G5 and Le Max 2: Which smartphone comes out on top

BYLINE: Ryan Rodrigues

LENGTH: 394  words


We compare the Moto Z Force, LG G5 and the Le Max 2 to find out which is the
best Snapdragon 820 smartphone.

Lenovo-owned Motorola has launched the Moto Z and Moto Z Force, a pair of
modular smartphones at Tech World 2016 on Thursday (9th June 2016). What sets
these smartphones apart from its competition are the changeable magnetic snap-on
back panels which the company calls MotoMods. Released with the latest
Snapdragon 820 chipset from Qualcomm, the smartphone's closest competitors are
the modular LG G5 and the recently launched Le Max 2. Let's take a closer look
to see how they stack up against each other.

Display

All three smartphones come with a QHD (1440 x 2560 pixels) display. At 5.7
inches, the Le Max 2 has the biggest display of the three smartphones. However,
the display of the LG G5 and the Moto Z Force come with nifty features. The
5.3-inch LG G5 sports always-on display while the 5.5-inch Moto Z Force comes
with a shatterproof screen.

Winner: Depends on what your preference is. Do you want a larger display? Or
would you rather have an Always-on display or a shatterproof screen?

The Guts (RAM, Storage, and Chipset)

While all three smartphones come with the same Snapdragon 820 chipset and offer
expandable storage up to 256GB, there are minor differences between other
components. At the highest setting, Le Max 2 comes equipped with the more
capable 6GB RAM and 64GB of inbuilt storage while the G5 comes with 4GB RAM and
32GB of internal storage and the Moto Z Force comes with 4GB RAM and 64GB of
inbuilt storage.

Winner: Le Max 2

Camera

Even though at three smartphones have a rear camera that can capture video in
2160p at 30fps and a front camera that can capture video in 1080p at 30fps, the
Le Max 2 has the most capable front and rear cameras -- 21-megapixel rear camera
and 8-megapixel front camera. In comparison, the LG G5 has a 16MP rear camera
8MP front camera while the Moto Z Force has a 21MP rear camera and 5MP front
facing camera.

Winner: On paper the Le Max 2 seems to be the best.

Price

The Le Max 2 will set you back Rs. 22,999 and the LG G5 retails for Rs 52,990.
Motorola hasn't announced the price of the Moto Z Force as yet though it is
expected that the smartphone will in the premium price bracket.

Winner: Based on price, the Le Max 2 gives you the most bang for your buck.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

LG goes for restructuring post 'dissapointing' G5 sales

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 306 words


Seems like LG 's latest flagship smartphone G5 has failed to meet the company's
expectations. According to a report in Korea Times, the company said that the
recent restructuring in the mobile division is because its latest flagship G5
smartphone failed to generate sales.LG recently announced that it has replaced
some of its executives and formed a program management office (PMO) in its
mobile division. The restructuring is reportedly aimed at bringing some
much-needed "new momentum" to its struggling mobile business.According to the
report in Korea Times, "mobiles chief Cho Juno will oversee the PMO, which has
authority to handle strategies for product development, manufacturing, marketing
and sales; while Oh Hyung-hoon, a former research lab head, will be its chief,
supported by mobile division vice president Ha Jeong-wook."The company has named
senior vice president Kim Hyung-jeong as head of its mobile research lab.The
South Korean giant unveiled the LG G5 smartphone in February at Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona.

The main highlight of the smartphone is its the modular body. The modules are
called as LG Friends, as they are the companion of the smartphone and can be
attached to it. G5 sports aluminum unibody modular design featuring a slide-out
battery. The battery of the smartphone can be popped out to attach the LG Cam
Plus module to it. It comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which adds to
the G5's standard 2,800 mAh battery.The smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with
support for microSD cards of up to 2TB in size. The modular smartphone has a
5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.The
modular smartphone launched in India in June this year at Rs 52,990.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              May 5, 2016 Thursday

LG outguns Chinese rivals in U.S. smartphone market

LENGTH: 464 words


LG Electronics seems to be on course to solidify its presence in the U.S.
market, outrunning its Chinese rivals Huawei and Lenovo.

The Korean smartphone-maker has reclaimed the third spot in the U.S. in March,
taking up 17.1 percent of market share, according to a report released by
Counterpoint Research, a market researcher, on Thursday.

The market share is the third highest after Samsung Electronics and Apple, which
held 28.8 percent and 23 percent in the same month, respectively.

Chinese smartphone-makers Huawei and Lenovo, which have expanded their foothold
in the global markets, have posed a challenge for LG over the past few years,
eating into the Korean firm's market share in the U.S.

LG, once considered one of the big three smartphone-makers with Samsung and
Apple, was in fourth place in the U.S. market in 2012 while Huawei captured the
third spot. The two companies have vied against each other for third place since
then.

Concerns over LG's performance have increased recently as its handsets failed to
appeal to global consumers. LG's G4 smartphone, predecessor of the G5, failed to
improve the firm's balance sheet last year.

LG reportedly shipped around 5.5 million units of the G4 last year, much lower
than 10 million posted by the G3 smartphone.

The Counterpoint Research report showed a glimpse of LG's resilience in the U.S.
market, where the firm's annual smartphone sales accounts more than 50 percent
of its global smartphone sales,

The market researcher said LG's recent upbeat performance in the U.S. market was
largely thanks to its low-end and mid-range handsets, such as the V10 and the K
series smartphones.

"We have maintained a 7 to 8 percentage point lead over the fourth largest
market player in the U.S. smartphone market for a long time," said Song
Keun-young, a public relations representative at LGE, questioning the
credibility of the report.

Meanwhile, the G5's camera was picked as the best smartphone camera among seven
smartphone models including Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge, Apple's iPhone 6S Plus,
and Huawei's P9, according to a survey by Android Authority, an online tech news
media.

The G5 scored 91 points in 16 test categories in the survey, beating the Galaxy
S6 Edge and iPhone 6S Plus, which gained 85 and 84 points, respectively.

LGE earlier said that it had shipped around 1.6 million units of the G5 in the
first month since its release on March 31.

The firm anticipated that sales of the G5 could reach more than 3 million in the
April-June period, but some market watchers were more positive.

Shinhan Investment forecast that the sales could surpass 3.5 million in the
second month with the G5's accumulative sales this year reaching 12 million, 20
percent higher than that of LG's G3 smartphone.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

LG reveals Quick Cover case for LG G5

LENGTH: 198  words


By tbreak Staff -

The LG G5 is all set to launch at the MWC 2016, and although we still haven't
seen any official images of it, a new official Quick Cover case has emerged, and
it does look pretty.

The new form-fitting case wraps the G5 phone in a semitransparent mesh metal,
which leaves tiny openings through which to see incoming call notifications.
Similar to the LG K10 Quick Cover View, calls can be answered by swiping on the
cover itself, without having to flip open the protective cover. The phone will
respond to touch even when it is closed.

From the image of the cover, we can see that there is a huge cutout at the top
for the newly announced LG G5 always on display, that will act as a second
screen. This second screen will display time, date and up to four notification
icons.

According to an official press release the Quick Cover case uses a unique film
and glossy metallic finish for a smooth and luxurious look to complement the LG
G5, tipping that the phone might be made of metal, as opposed to the G4, which
was made of plastic with a metallic finish.

Price and availability of the Quick Cover case is yet to be revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/61/145518887066.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

LG releases more teasers of next smartphone G5 '

LENGTH: 301 words


LG Electronics Inc. on Thursday released more teasers for its next flagship
smartphone set to be released later this month, although it refrained from
giving significant details about features or design.

The G5 smartphone will be introduced on Feb. 21, a day before the opening of the
Mobile World Congress (MWC) that runs in Barcelona, Spain, LG said. Last month,
the company sent out invitations to the showcase event with a poster that
portrayed a music box and the phrase "play begins."

The three kinds of invitations revealed on Thursday came with the phrase "come
meet new friends on the playground," each featuring balloon animals, toy robots,
and air dancers. Unlike the previous invitation, LG also mentioned the name G5
for the first time.

On the same day, LG's bigger rival Samsung Electronics Co. will also showcase
its presumed Galaxy S7 in Barcelona.

Industry watchers expect Samsung will focus on improving features and
maintaining the design of the previous phones.

LG is rumored to be adopting a metal body for the G5 to improve design, as the
predecessor G4's leather case did not appeal strongly to users.

The G5 is expected to play a decisive role in LG's mobile business, industry
watchers added.

The company has been suffering from lackluster earnings at home and abroad as
Samsung Electronics weighed down on its domestic sales while Chinese firms also
ate into LG's market share in the global market.

The firm's mobile business posted an operating loss of 43.8 billion won (US$36.4
million) in the fourth quarter of last year, continuing to post weak returns
amid heightened competition. The segment posted an operating loss of 77.6
billion won in the third quarter of 2015.

LG sold 59.7 million units of smartphones last year, rising slightly from the
59.1 million units posted in 2014. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

LG calls on Jason Statham to plug new G5 -

LENGTH: 177 words


Jason Statham from teaser videos of LG's G5 / Screen capture from YouTubeBy Ko
Dong-hwan

Hollywood action star Jason Statham is promoting LG's new G5 smartphone.

The English actor, 48, features in teaser videos of the device's ads that show
him playing with the phone, which has detachable hardware modules.

The teasers feature the actor as 10 characters, including a waiter, a security
guard and even a fashionable female diner in a restaurant coyly taking a picture
with the phone.

The diversity of his roles signifies that the smartphone can be different
gadgets -like a digital camera or audio amplifier - depending on the module the
user attaches. The phone's battery has an inscription that reads: 'Life's better
when you play more.'

'Statham, whose acting breadth ranges from hardcore action to comedy, seemed to
fit with the G5,' Chosun Ilbo quoted an LG Electronics insider as saying.

LG will release the G5 worldwide, starting with Korea on Thursday. Statham's ads
will air in 20 countries at the same time, as well as online, including YouTube
and Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

LG differentiates from others with its clip-in modules for G5

LENGTH: 618 words


The modular smart accessories offer LG ways to generate profits adjacent to the
commoditising smartphone market, analyst says

Image Credit: Zarina Fernandes/ Gulf News Naushad K. Cherrayil, Staff Reporter

Dubai: LG is trying to differentiate itself from the competition with its
modular smartphone hardware as no other current manufacturer has anything
similar.

The LG G5, which was launched in Dubai on Wednesday, comes with clip-in modules
and accessories that LG calls it "Friends" which enables the LG G5 to transform
into a digital camera with its Cam Plus, a Hi-Plus module adds a Bang & Olufsen
32-bit audio DAC (digital-to-analogue converter) with an amplifier to the G5 for
hi-res audio, a 360 degree camera with its 360 Cam, a virtual reality headset
with its 360 VR.

Encased in a metal aluminium body design, the 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum
Display (2560 x 1440 resolution) is powered by Qualcomm 820 processor and is
coupled with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage capacity. The microSD card supports up to
2TB of storage expansion.

There are two cameras at the rear (16MP standard camera and 8MP wide camera with
wide angle lens) while the front is 8MP.

Evolving consumer demands

The phone is priced at Dh2,499, and available for purchase in the region from
the third week of April.

Yong Geun Choi, President of LG Electronics Gulf, said that smartphone consumers
in the UAE are saturated in terms of the experiences they get from devices. The
G5 provides the unique opportunity to satiate the evolving consumer demands for
flexibility, adaptability and fresher experiences.

While creating a revolution within the smartphone industry, he said that the LG
G5 enables users to add such features and is opening a new platform open to
everyone who'd like to join a new ecosystem -- the LG Playground.

The LG Playground is a system where various modules and devices are produced
through collaboration giving users unique fun experiences.

"We are giving a whole new experience of how to enhance the smartphone
experience. We are planning to bundle the whole hardware accessories with the
device. As a promotion, we are planning to bundle the smartphone with the Cam
Plus," Sang Rhee, general manager for mobile Division at LG Electronics Gulf,
told Gulf News.

Huge potential

Daniel Gleeson, senior analyst at IHS Technology, said that the modular smart
accessories offer LG ways to generate profits adjacent to the commoditising
smartphone market and offers huge potential.

But to maximise this opportunity, LG is smart to embrace "third-party support"
for its modular hardware with LG Playground.

LG should mimic Apple's hardware licensing programme -- Apple's "Made for
iPhone" approach -- to generate additional revenues, and also benefit from those
third parties own marketing spend.

He said that LG is no longer a smartphone leader, it's now a mere challenge for
other smartphone makers, adding that LG is under pressure from many the rising
Chinese players, most notably Huawei.

Long term

In 2015, LG's share of global smartphone shipments was just 4 per cent, and to
grow this significantly LG needs visibly different smartphone products. With
this range, LG will definitively differentiate from the competition in the long
term.

Many of the smartphones from 2014, 2013, or even 2012 are still in active usage
and their owners believe they are "good enough".

Gleeson said that LG must convince those users, now is the time to upgrade.
Smartphone makers must understand in detail the characteristics of the active
installed base of smartphones in order to speed the handset replacement cycle
and sell more smartphones now.

LG said that it shipped 59.7 million units in 2015, a slight increase from the
59.1 million shipped in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2016 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

LG Pay to be delayed

LENGTH: 261  words


By tbreak Staff -

LG has been gearing up to launch its LG Pay service this MWC along with its new
LG G5 flagship and mid range smartphones. However, LG has now pushed the launch
date back into the second quarter of the year to ensure maximum exposure for its
upcoming G5 smartphone.

According to an LG official, "LG Electronics has delayed the official launch of
LG Pay to the second quarter of this year to help the new LG flagship
smartphone, G5, receive more media attention." LG has been preparing to launch
its mobile payment service since late last year, while also partnering up with a
number of card companies.  One of LG's affiliates also suggested that the
company is concerned about flagship smartphone sales, and is hoping that G5 will
be the handset to lift the company's mobile business.

LG's mobile payment system would be going up against the Apple and Samsung Pay
platforms, which have already established themselves in the market. However,
instead of relying only on mobile devices, LG Pay would make good use of a new
feature called the White Card, that can be tied to existing bank accounts and
cards. The card appears to make use of a small display and navigational buttons,
to allow consumers to pick between associated cards.

LG has reportedly already signed up a number of Korean card companies, but
recent rumors suggest that LG might take a while to sign on major companies in
the international market. However, an LG official denied that this claim has
anything to do with the launch delay.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/70/145562086625.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

LG to offline promotions of G5

LENGTH: 224 words


LG Electronics, South Korea's No. 2 smartphone-maker, will likely skip preorders
to focus on offline promotions of its latest flagship G5 smartphone, industry
sources said Thursday.

The South Korean tech giant had held preorders for its predecessors -- the G3
and the G4.

LG Electronics has not yet announced the official release date of the G5,
although it is rumored to be between end-March and early April.

LG claims the 5.3-inch G5 smartphone, slightly smaller than the G4, is the world
market's first modular smartphone, which connects with various accessories,
including a camera controller that allows users to control the handset like a
digital single-lens reflex camera.

Local rival Samsung Electronics started preorders for its Galaxy S7 at home and
abroad earlier this month, with official sales slated to start Friday. Those
applying for early purchases are given a Gear VR, Samsung's virtual reality
device.

LG Electronics has been suffering from ailing performance of its smartphones,
giving the G5 a crucial role in the fate of its business.

The firm's mobile business posted an operating loss of 43.8 billion won ($36
million) in the fourth quarter of last year, and has continued to post weak
returns amid heightened competition. The segment posted an operating loss of
77.6 billion won in the third quarter of 2015.

(khnews@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

LG to expand offline promotions of G5, skip preorders -

LENGTH: 250 words


LG Electronics Inc., South Korea's No. 2 smartphone maker, is unlikely to accept
preorders for its latest flagship, the G5 smartphone, and instead focus on
offline promotions of the device, industry sources said Thursday.

The South Korean tech giant had held preorders for its predecessors -- the G3
and the G4.

Industry watchers said LG made the move as preorders have been sluggish for
previous devices.

LG Electronics has not yet announced the official release date of the G5,
although it is rumored to be between end-March and early April.

The 5.3-inch G5 smartphone, slightly smaller than theG4, is claimed to be the
industry's first "Modular Type" smartphone, which connects with various
accessories, including a camera controller that allows users to control the
handset like a digital single-lens reflex camera.

Bigger local rival Samsung Electronics Co., however, started preorders for its
Galaxy S7 at home and abroad earlier this month, with official sales slated to
start Friday. Those applying for early purchases are given a Gear VR, Samsung's
virtual reality device.

LG Electronics has been suffering from ailing performances of its smartphones,
giving the G5 a crucial role in the fate of its business.

The firm's mobile business posted an operating loss of 43.8 billion won (36
million dollars) in the fourth quarter of last year, and has continued to post
weak returns amid heightened competition. The segment posted an operating loss
of 77.6 billion won in the third quarter of 2015. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

Android 7.0 comes to LG G5 today

LENGTH: 179  words


But just in South Korea for now

LG G5 users can rejoice! You are also getting Android 7.0 Nougat.

Starting today, LG G5 users in South Korea will be getting the update to Android
7.0 Nougat. Since South Korea is home turf for LG, it is no surprise that they
get it first, which will soon be followed by an international release.
Curiously, LG didnt bother to label the UK or Europe in general in today's press
release, opting to use the word "other markets." That's on top of not bothering
to launch the LG V20 in the UK

The LG G5 might also get some performance upgrades with the Android 7.0 Nougat
OS. This includes a more streamlined UI for speed and convenience. Searches, for
example, happen across user-install apps, not just pre-installed ones. Users
will also get the new multi window experience to switch between apps, which can
also run side by side. Users will also get nested notifications as well.

As mentioned, the update is only for South Korea as of now, but we can expect an
OTA update internationally soon.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/8/147861481543.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

New advert for LG G5 confirms release date

LENGTH: 190  words


By tbreak Staff -

Are you eagerly waiting for the LG G5? Well, this new advertisement for it
should get you pumped up.

The 15 second advert for LG's upcoming flagship LG G5, focuses primarily on the
rear of the phone, as well as a quick look into the snapping in one of its magic
slot modules. Additionally, it also gave a date for its release, which is slated
to be the 1st of April.

Other specs known for the LG G5 include a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor
chipset with a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi) and
4GB LPDDR4 RAM / 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB). It will come with a rear
camera of 16MP, Wide 8MP and Front camera 8MP along with a 2,800mAh removable
battery. It will come running on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. In terms of
dimensions, it will measure 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm while weighing only 159g. The
phone will also be available in Silver, Titan, Gold and Pink colors.

We are still waiting for official pricings for the LG G5, but it is rumored to
cost around $799 and a CAM Plus module at $69.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/49/145881409459.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/76/145881409478.png



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

LG confirms G5 launch date

LENGTH: 192  words


By tbreak Staff -

LG recently confirmed that the LG G5, the latest flagship, will be launched on
the February 21 in Barcelona. However, it might not just be the G5.

It wasn't much of a surprise when LG announced the date, mainly because of the
"save the date" notice that LG sent out three weeks back. LG has managed to keep
the G5 behind locked doors for a while, but a few leaks have sprung. The phone
is rumored to be coming with a full metal body, dual cameras, USB Type-C, rear
mounted fingerprint sensor and a volume rocker which has been moved back to the
side of the phone. It will also come with Android 6.0 Marshmallow out of the
box.

LG also shared an image as part of the invite which reads "Come meet new friends
on the playground", which according to the writers at TechRadar seems to be
implying a new VR system from LG. The three characters on the invite are a
robot, biplane and a wizard goldfish, however, it is highly unlikely that LG has
been working on something with robotics. We know that LG will be releasing two
flagships this year, but both together might not be a smart move.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/31/145462026296.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 25, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

LG Launches G5 Handset with Snapdragon 820

LENGTH: 286  words


Thursday, February 25, 2016: Ahead of MWC 2016, LG today unveiled its new
flagship G5 smartphone at its special event in Barcelona.

The new G5 sports a aluminum uni-body modular design featuring a slide-out
battery. The company also introduced its range of supported devices under the
brand of LG Friends which includes the 360 CAM, smart controller for drone, VR
headset and Rolling Bot.

The LG G5 is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM
and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB. LG's new flagship
smartphone offers a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of
2560 x 1440 pixels and density of 554ppi.

The G5 features dual cameras - standard 16MP and wide angle 8MP - at the back
along with an 8MP front camera. It is powered by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery.

It runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and supports 4G connectivity.
Weighing 159 gram, the device will be available in four colours - Silver, Titan,
Pink and Gold.

Recently LG announced its mid-range X series featuring two smartphones-X Cam and
X Screen. X Cam is LG's first photography-focused smartphone. The smartphone
boasts of dual-rear cameras, one 13MP and other 5MP. As for the selfies and
videoconferencing, X Cam sports an 8MP snapper.

The X Screen boasts of dual-display. The handset has a 4.93-inch primary display
and a secondary 'Always-on' screen measuring 1.76-inch, similar to the one in
LG's V10. The second screen can be used to access frequently-used apps, answer
calls without interrupting the current activity, check time, date, battery
status and other notifications without turning on smartphone.

Both the X series phones run Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

LG to build open mobile market for developers

LENGTH: 439 words


LG Electronics has launched an online retail store for its smart device line
Friends, opening the platform to start-ups and developers to nurture an
ecosystem for connected devices.

The new website, dubbed LG Friends, is an online market where consumers can buy
LG's latest smart devices, including a removable smartphone camera, a portable
speaker, a rolling toy robot, and a wireless headset.

Developers attend LG Electronics' conference in San Francisco, California, last
Friday. (LGE)

The Friends market will also serve as a platform for outside developers and LG's
subcontractors to sell devices that can be paired with the tech giant's modular
smartphone G5.

These developers and partners will have to get their products certified by the
Korean tech giant before they can sell on the online market.

"LG wants to build an open mobile ecosystem together with developers and
consumers," said Cho Ju-no, the chief executive of LG's mobile communications
company, adding that the company will try to offer various smartphone
experiences and new value.

He said earlier this year that LG would try to solidify its footing in the
premium smartphone segment by rolling out high-end handsets with one-of-a-kind
features like the G5 rather than focusing on rolling out affordable, mediocre
products.

In order to bolster partnership with developers for the open mobile ecosystem,
the Seoul-headquartered firm held a developer conference in San Francisco on
Friday last week, following one held in Korea last month.

Around 200 developers took part in the event and officials from internet giant
Google and drone maker Parrot spoke of collaborative works with LGE.

The Korean smartphone maker codeveloped Google's Nexus 5X smartphone and it has
been collaborating with the U.S. drone firm to roll out drones for the Friends
brand.

On the domestic front, LG is currently running a contest for G5 and Friends.
Developers pitch ideas and the company will incubate the best ones and turn them
into real products.

Investment firms forecast that the G5 will be able to reach record high sales
among the G smartphone series, surpassing the 10-million sales mark in its first
year.

"The G5 will be able to garner positive response in the U.S. market, which takes
up around 50 percent of LG's overall smartphones sales," said Soh Hyun-cheol, an
analyst from Shinhan Investment, in an investment report.

The Korean firm estimated in its preliminary earnings guidance released earlier
this month that it had posted 505 billion won ($439 million) in operating profit
in the first three months of this year, up 65.5 percent from the sale period
last year.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Google's Project Ara proves LG was right about modular phones

LENGTH: 435  words


Nate Swanner

Project Ara, Google's modular phone, will be available this Fall for developers.
It' won't be the original modular phone moonshot we were sold on, though; in
fact, it feels a little bit like a bait-and-switch.

Rather than a completely open framework, Project Ara hardware will have static
RAM, SoC, storage and a 5.3-inch display. Google says add-ons like a kickstand
(wow!), non-functional 'style' bricks (amazing!), e-ink display (for
notifications, because dual-screen phones are super popular), fingerprint
reader, camera and speaker/microphone are coming.

And it all still sounds cool, but it's time to be equitable about our critique
and praise of modular phones. When the LG G5 was launched, many thought its
modularity was pretty lame; instead of a skeleton where you can slip components
in and out, the G5's bottom slips off to allow for more stuff to be added on. It
wasn't the complete autonomy Ara promised we'd have with our smartphones, and by
comparison was a bit laughable.

Google v LG

The only real discernible difference between the two devices at this point is
form factor. Google is sticking to its skeleton, while the G5 lets you add
components (called 'Friends') to the bottom of your device. Ara still feels a
lot cooler than LG's design, but that's subjective.

You can add manual camera controls to the G5, or swap the battery out.

There's even an EQ if you're an audiophile. Like Google, LG says it's working
with hardware partners to get more modules built (I'll be fair and note that
some modules, like the B&O EQ, still aren't available for the G5).

On launch, some derided the LG G5's modularity as being half-assed. I agreed
with that mindset at the time, but that was before Google flipped the script on
us about Ara. Now, LG seems downright innovative and realistic. Project Ara
almost feels like a bait-and-switch, and would have actually been so if Google
had ever taken pre-orders.

We always knew Ara was a moonshot, and the road to true and complete modularity
wasn't going to be easy. It was a radically different way of thinking about
phones, and that Google couldn't - or wouldn't - execute on its own concept is
disheartening.

Ara will still be neat, and we'll definitely be interested to see a final
product, but we should be just as eager for a second version of LG's modular
phone concept. It was first, may be better, and is a tangible, real product you
can own today.

We're not expected to see Ara land until 2017, but who knows how real that
timeframe is.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/79/146434517892.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/79/146434517892.jpg

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

LG offering gets by with a little help from friends

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, DEVICES

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 878  words


If you thought buying a smartphone is getting boring, LG is marketing its G5
smartphone with add-ons called "friends" to spice things up.

The friends are a camera control system, a module for high definition audio, a
360- degree camera, a virtual reality viewer and a rolling ball that captures
images. They are more than accessories and pair with the G5. In some cases, you
remove the battery and insert the friend module inside the phone.

G5 smartphone LG's new flagship, the G5 presides over this modular friends
empire. To me, it is the best of the G-series, but that doesn't make it the best
Android phone. The G5 is a serious challenger but doesn't quite match the
Samsung S7 edge's screen, camera quality and performance.

At 5.3 inches, it's quad HD display is bigger than the iPhone 6s yet smaller
than 6s plus, a useful in-between size. Being an IPS LCD screen, it lacks the
sparkle of the S7's AMOLED display but matches it in clarity and pixel density -
554 pixels per inch. It has a plain textured metallic body that offers grip and
doesn't show fingerprints but the detachable bottom section doesn't quite fit
with the upper section at the back.

Like Huawei's P9, the G5 has two rear-facing cameras. One is a 16-megapixel,
78-degree lens, with optical image stabilisation, and the second an 8-megapixel
135-degree wide-angle one. You may have shot thousands of photos with a
wide-angle lens on a DSLR, but snapping a wider view with a smartphone is super
convenient. With the G5 you don't need a lens attachment and the camera is
excellent for taking low-light shots.

The G5 has good battery life with video playing for 101/2 hours at 50 per cent
brightness. There's Quick Charge 3.0 fast charging, which works well. It took 10
minutes for my review unit to charge from 4 per cent to 25 per cent, another 10
and it was 42 per cent full. The G5 charges with a USB Type-C connector and also
has a sizeable 2800 milliampere hour removable battery.

Speed wise the phone's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chip set ranked highly in
AnTuTu's Benchmark, fourth behind Xiaomi's Mi5, the S7 edge, and iPhone 6s. But
the G5 can be sluggish when traversing menus, or when zooming with the camera.

It has a microSD slot that adds up to 200GB of storage but it doesn't support
adoptable storage.

The power button on the back is now also a fingerprint sensor and the volume
keys have sensibly moved from the back to the side. Like Huawei, LG has ditched
having a separate drawer for Android apps. Overall, this is the best G-series
phone, combining an excellent camera with a wide-angle lens, good battery life,
quick charging, microSD card support and a removable battery. However, it still
has some way to go before it dethrones Samsung's S7. The G5 costs $1099 RRP and
will be sold by Harvey Norman, Telstra, and Optus from early next month.

Some friends are better than others Hi-Fi Plus: This adds an outlet for a 32-bit
384KHz high-resolution audio. You take out the chin section of the phone and
battery, transfer the battery to the new module and slot it in. You'll need
decent headphones. I listened to music through it using a noise cancelling
headset supplied by Bang & Olufsen, which developed the module with LG. Sound
quality is excellent. But why isn't this a standard feature without a plug-in
module, as it is on Sony Xperia Z range? BYO headset. $229 Cam Plus: It plugs in
the same way as Hi-Fi Plus and adds physical shutter and record buttons plus a
digital zoom wheel. It also boosts the existing 2800 mAh battery by 1200 mAh for
longer shooting times. I'd find it useful for the extra battery power but I'm
quite happy with standard phone camera control. It does bump up the weight and
thickness of the phone. $129 360 Cam: This one is hands down my best friend. It
pairs with the phone via an app and images from its two 13-megapixel cameras are
stitched together to create a 360-degree panorama. It records 360-degree video
and has in-built microphones for 5.1 surround sound, but no microphone jack. It
screws into a camera mount, eliminating the need to hold it. It has 4GB of
internal memory and you can add a microSD card. Similar in style to the Ricoh
Theta S. $399 360VR: LG's virtual reality glasses are more like goggles, and
therefore don't offer a fully immersive experience. VR resolution is mediocre
and it's awkward to focus. You have to take off the unit and rotate the inside
of each lens separately. Also, I needed to wear my reading glasses to see images
clearly; I don't need them with the Samsung Galaxy VR, Oculus Rift etc. Not
recommended.

Rolling Bot: A sphere with an 8-megapixel camera that rolls like a ball. It was
not available for review and won't be sold at launch.

LG charging kit: Not officially a friend but a useful accessory. You charge a
spare G5 battery or use it as a power source. Spare battery included. $69.95

LG G5 smartphone Features * Lightweight metallic build with removable chin *
High resolution 5.3-inch IPS display, 554 ppi * 32GB of internal storage, 4GB of
RAM * Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow

GOOD * Great camera, wide angle lens useful * Good battery life, fast charging *
Removable battery, microSD card support

BAD * Chin section leaves small gap * No adaptive Android storage * Modules a
mixed bag

Price $1099

Rating8/10

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

When the parts add up;
South Korean tech giant LG has built the world's first mass-market modular
smartphone.

BYLINE: Sherwin Loh , When the parts add up

SECTION: DESIGN; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 936 words


HAVE you ever wanted your smartphone to be more flexible, and do more? More than
what it was designed for, and more flexible than what it is currently capable
of'

This is what tech companies plan for, which explains why they always come out
with new, slightly improved products each year, to meet rising expectations. The
industry calls it "the rolling out of incremental upgrades", to convince owners
that their current devices are not good enough.

But what if these upgrades were made available in another way'

The latest LG G5 flagship Android smartphone is an upgrade from last year's LG
G4, in that it has a slightly faster processor and a better camera, but it
retains the quad high-definition screen from before.

What the South Korean tech giant has done though, is build the world's first
mass-market modular smartphone.

A modular smartphone is a device made of different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced.

Since some phone parts, such as the screen, memory, RAM and even camera, are
good enough to last a few years, users do not have to change them often. The
base of the LG G5 can be removed by pressing a release catch, and there are
currently two upgrade modules to pick from, to fit onto the phone.

The first is the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY. This module is slightly larger
than the original one removed from the G5, and it introduces high definition 32
Bit audio playback on the device.

This trumps the 24 Bit playback on the LG G5, but not everyone appreciates,
enjoys or needs 32 Bit audio.

While some phones offer software-based upscaling for high resolution audio, the
Hi-Fi Plus module uses an actual digital-to-analogue converter processor. The
other module is the LG Cam Plus, which upgrades the camera's operations with a
better camera grip, and actual camera buttons.

Once fitted, users hold the phone horizontally. The module adds a rear bump to
the phone and the buttons offer precise video and photo taking.

Granted, the purchase of the phone and both modules drive up the overall price
of ownership, but the choice to upgrade is now yours.

The true test of this modular design is seeing how LG intends to grow the
segment. One can forsee a separate camera lens or gamepad module but if nothing
new comes out, or if next year's follow-up is not compatible with this batch of
modules, consumers will know that the company has no long-term plans for the
market.

The Android Marshmallow operating system provides greater security to the
platform and if you are a fan of Android's menu drawer, LG does have it
available as a separate download from its store.

Design wise, LG has dropped its use of a removable rear panel, though the
removable bottom module keeps one of the best features of LG's phones, which is
a removable battery that can be easily replaced.

The switch to a metal chassis also puts it on a par with the likes of Apple,
Samsung and Huawei, in maintaining a more premium look and feel for flagship
devices. Previously, LG had the power and volume controls placed on the rear
panel, just under the camera lens. This is very useful, since you no longer have
to use your thumb to unlock the biometric sensor on phones, and the volume
controls are within reach of the forefinger. For some reason, LG has kept the
power and biometric sensor on the rear here, but they have moved the volume
controls back to the edge of the phone.

As for the camera, LG has added a dual camera here, and with it comes an amazing
wide angle option for the 8MP lens, but not for the sharper 16MP one.

Wide angle lens allows for more of the scene to be recorded, whether it is a
group shot or a close-up of the food on the dining table. Unfortunateky, the
16MP rear camera, while an improvement over last year's G4, is nowhere near as
quick or sharp as the one on Samsung's new Galaxy S7 phone.

LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O PLAY S$298

A DAC (digital-to-analogue converter) is a processor that converts the digital
signals in digital music tracks into analogue signals, which can be heard via
headphones.

A high quality DAC is needed for listening to the original audio as it was
recorded, but very few smartphones have a dedicated DAC, which is why some
audiophiles rely on a portable DAC, which they plug into their phones. Those
devices can cost over S$400, so LG's hardware-based DAC, which can be fitted on
to the phone, is a worthwhile investment.

It even comes with a housing that contains a second USB-C port, so that you can
use this module with other phones in the market.

LG Cam Plus S$158

Think of this module as a frame for the LG G5, to make it feel more like a
camera. When it is inserted into the LG G5, the bump in the rear, which also
houses an additional 1,200 mAh battery, acts as a cradle that provides a better
phone/camera grip.

Located on the edge of the module are a quick-access camera button, a video
record button, a jog wheel for zooming in and out, and a two-step shutter
release button.

Even if you don't need high resolution audio, it's great to take photos with the
Cam Plus module, and be able to zoom in on objects, and toggle between video and
camera mode with one hand, instead of fiddling with the touchscreen.

SPECS

LG G5

Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Octa-Core (Dual-core 2.15 GHz & dual-core 1.6
GHz)

Display 5.3-inch IPS LCD, Corning Gorilla Glass 4, 1,440 x 2560 pixels, (554
pixel per inch pixel density)

Camera Rear: 16 MP (f/1.8) + 8 MP (f/2.4), laser autofocus, Optical Image
Stabalisation, LED flash. Front: 8 MP (f/2.0)

Operating System Android 6.0.1 (Marshmallow)

Memory 32GB, with microSD support (up to 200GB), 4GB RAM

Battery Removable Li-Ion 2,800 mAh

Price S$988

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORTHWHILE INVESTMENT LG's hardware-based DAC can be fitted on to the
phone and comes with a housing that contains a second USB-C port, so that you
can use this module with other phones in the market.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

AT&T to Carry LG G5 Smartphone

LENGTH: 111 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Dallas: AT&T Inc has issued the following news release:



 AT&T is expanding our industry leading portfolio of premium smartphones with
the LG G5. The latest premium smartphone from LG features a sleek, metal unibody
and a removable battery that slides out to accommodate a variety of companion
devices designed exclusively for the G5, such as the LG CAM Plus plug-in camera
grip. Additional companion devices for the LG G5 include the 360 CAM virtual
reality camera, LG 360 VR, and the LG 360 Sound Bluetooth speaker, which will
all be available from AT&T.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content, please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

A matter of perspective

LENGTH: 841  words

DATELINE: Bangalore


Bangalore, June 7 -- After breaking through the resolution barrier with the QHD
display-wearing G3 and oozing style with the leather-backed G4, LG once again
brings some new tricks to the party with this year's G5. The Korean
manufacturer's 2016 flagship pushes the envelope on many counts, by using an
interesting camera setup and tinkering with modularity.


 But first the specs. The G5 straddles the line between handling and size by
opting for a 5.3-inch QHD display (a norm for top-end phones now), 4GB of RAM
and 32GB of onboard storage, which is expandable. The phone uses a
top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 processor, which is free from the heating and
performance issues faced by last year's 810. This phone comes with three
cameras; a pair of 16MP and 8MP shooters sitting side by side on the back and an
8MP shooter on the front. Unlike HTC before it, who used dual sensors to add
depth effects to images, LG's 8MP sensor has a field of view of 135 degrees,
compared to the traditional 75 degrees available on the 16MP one. Prepare to be
the official photographer for large group shots from now on.
 With modular smartphones (read phones with removable and upgradable parts, like
computers) being talked about and rumoured to be on the horizon, the industry is
waiting to see who makes the first move. And as per the norm, LG has taken a
lead. While the G5 is not truly modular, it features a slot at the bottom that
can slide out on the press of a button, allowing the battery to be swapped out,
and for add-ons to be inserted for extra functionality. Currently available
add-ons, dubbed 'friends' by LG, include a camera grip with extra controls and a
bigger battery and a hi-fi DAC and amp for enhanced music playback, apart from
some accessories, which include a rolling assistant that can control home
function and livestream video. The included LG Friends Manager app serves as a
command centre for the friends.
 Moving on to build, this is where the G5s personality begins to waver a little
bit. The phone is easy to handle, well-weighed and sturdily built, with smooth
metal all around. However, the button placement on the back, which LG had
pioneered and gained appreciation for, is now skewed, with power button and
fingerprint sensor residing under the camera and volume rocker returning to the
side of the phone. The solitary power button and the sloping border look
ungainly on an otherwise well-designed phone.
 The UI also tells a similar story. Optimus UX 5.0 is better put-together than
previous iterations, and has some useful features, such as the ability to add
five buttons to the software navigation bar at the bottom, and a Smart Bulletin
like HTCs Blinkfeed which displays music controls, data from LG Health and info
from supported apps like Evernote. The Smart Doctor option which provides
in-built tuneup options for RAM and storage management and the useful Knock Code
that allows users to unlock the phone with a pattern without turning on the
display are available as well. The QSlide apps (mini apps which can be melded
into background and restored) and Capture+ functionality feel a little like
afterthoughts, and LGs implementation of the app drawer (which is unavailable by
default and requires a separate launcher to be downloaded from the LG Smart
World portal) is a little confusing.
 On the performance and features front, the Snapdragon 820 is a return to form
for manufacturer Qualcomm, and the G5 breezed along merrily, with no
overheating. The G5 is also packed to the gills with connectivity features, with
even the IR blaster with remote function making a return.
 LG has always been known to make excellent cameras, and the G5 is no slouch
here. The main camera takes crisp, detailed images, and even low light
situations can be sorted by manual adjustment with the excellent manual mode.
The software is robust and allows granular control over images. The G5 also has
simple and auto modes for easier photography with fewer options. The wide angle
camera provides an interesting new perspective, though how much use it can be
put to in daily use is debatable. The G5s selfie game is also on point, with the
front camera resolving a good amount of detail.
 While a lot of the UI and design choices are subjective, the biggest chink in
the G5s armour is its 2,800 mAh battery. While it is removable and supports
quick charge for ridiculously quick topups, the battery rarely got us through a
full day of moderate use. Extended photography sessions can take a toll on this
phone, so it would be best to have a charger or power bank handy.
 This is the story of the LG G5. It's a phone with a lot of promise that could
have benefited from a clear sense of purpose. The hardware is excellent, and
some of the software is truly helpful, but the feeling that it tries to do too
many different things at once is unshakable. The G5 is an above average
smartphone, a great camera phone and an experiment in modular smartphone design.
But at an asking price of over Rs.50,000, it needs to know what it wants to be.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

LG introduces UX 5.0 Android Marshmallow-based user interface

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 297 words


NEW DELHI:recently announced the global roll out of its flagship smartphone LG
G5 worldwide. The company has now unveiled itsUX5.0 custom UI for Android. LG
said that, the new UX 5.0 software will not only be arriving with the LG G5 but
on "upcoming smartphone models as well."The South Korean giant says that UX 5.0
is user-centric and it supports easy connection for finest control of LG
Friends, the modules (CAM Plus, Hi-Fi Plus, and 360 CAM) introduced for
thehandset.

One of the main highlight of the UX is LG Friends Manager, which will enable the
users to easily pair different modules of the G5 with the device. Moreover, the
users will also be able to download and install the required applications from
the Google Play store.The LG UX5.0 consists of improved support for thecamera.
The users will now be able to switch between the standard 78-degree lens to the
135 degree wide angle lens, set 360-degree panorama shots capture by LG 360 Cam
as wallpapers, capture different angles of images at the same moment using both
front and rear cameras and capture shots from both standard and wide angle lens
to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.Along with this, the LG UX5.0 also include
new homescreen with the app drawer, updated LG Health app, Always-On display,
File Manager app, Quick Help app, Smart Doctor app, LG Backup and accurate
fingerprint recognition.

Talking about the LG UX5.0 Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG Electronics Mobile
Communications Company, said, "We analysed the lifestyle of smartphone users to
provide a superior mobile experience and greatly expanded the usability with LG
UX 5.0. LG UX 5.0 and G5 were designed to provide an innovative user experience
that reflects the needs of our most demanding customers."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

LG sacks executives amid mobile struggle -

LENGTH: 725 words


LG Electronics' mobile chief Cho Juno introduces key features of the LG G5
during a launch event at this year's mobile expo in Barcelona, Spain, in this
February file photo. / Korea Times fileBy Kim Yoo-chul, Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics has announced a major shake-up of senior executives in its mobile
business division, as it struggles to rebrand itself in the highly competitive
smartphone market.

On Friday, LG Electronics said it has created a program management office (PMO)
in its troubled handset business and replaced some executives.

'Friday's announcement is because LG Electronics' latest flagship G5 smartphone
failed to generate sales,' LG said, adding it hopes the shake-up will give its
ailing mobile business 'new momentum.'

Mobiles chief Cho Juno will oversee the PMO, which has authority to handle
strategies for product development, manufacturing, marketing and sales; while Oh
Hyung-hoon, a former research lab head, will be its chief, supported by mobile
division Vice President Ha Jeong-wook.

'The overseas business unit at the mobile division will take a bigger role,' LG
said. 'The purpose of the realignment was intended to keep LG's handset business
running amid challenging market situations.'

Kim Hyung-jeong, a senior vice president at LG, has been named head of the
company's mobile research lab.

Recently, LG sent a few hundred employees from its handset division to the
company's vehicle component division as it looked to diversify.

LG Electronics previously said the move was aimed at enhancing flexibility in
human resources management in its bid to respond quickly to the growing
uncertainty in the handset market.

But market insiders said the job cuts at the mobile division were to reduce
fixed costs at a critical time when the firm needs to improve profit, after the
division posted an operating loss for three quarters in a row.

'The smartphone marketplace is expected to be increasingly competitive in 2016
due to anticipated premium models from competitors and further price competition
within the mass tier space,' LG said.

Nowhere to be seen

Simply put, LG's smartphone business has serious problems. It is facing steep
competition due to the rapid rise of cheaper Chinese products and its brand
awareness is being hit by curbs on marketing expenditure.

LG ranked seventh in global smartphone sales with a share of less than 4 percent
in the first quarter of this year, Gartner, a market research firm, said.

Samsung was the leader, followed by Apple and China's Huawei. Huawei posted an
8.3 percent share, up 59 percent on the previous year, Gartner said.

'It's too risky for LG to launch cash-intensive, aggressive promotional
campaigns to up its brand awareness and to remain competitive in terms of cost
structure given very challenging situations,' said an official at one of LG's
technology affiliates who did not want to be identified. 'It's too early to say
that LG will drop its mobile business. This seems too radical; however, no
answers are seen for the time being.

'LG failed to realize ¡®economies of a scale,' unlike Apple and Samsung
Electronics. Cutting fixed costs is a one-time measure. LG's difficulty in the
smartphone business is a structural problem that can't be addressed without
radical measures such as relocating all of its manufacturing lines to Vietnam
and other cheap Asian countries.'

Market research firms expect LG Electronics to report an operating loss of some
100 billion won in its mobile business for April-June, extending losing streaks
for five straight quarters.

In March, the company unveiled what it called the 'game-changing' modular
smartphone, expressing confidence the G5 would drive up weak profitability in
the mobiles unit.

The device looked like meeting expectations in the first few weeks following its
launch, garnering huge media attention and recording a threefold sales increase
on its predecessor - the G4.

But the G5's initial attention is withering, as shipments continue to drop more
steeply than expected, analysts said.

'The estimated G5 shipment for the second quarter of this year will remain 2.2
million, below a previous expectation of some 3 million,' Mirae Asset Securities
analyst Cho jin-ho said in a report. 'This is because the G5's market response
is getting weaker and the company failed to compete with the aggressive
promotion campaigns of its rivals.'

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DQ Week

                               February 24, 2016

LG unveils G5 smartphone with Snapdragon 820, slide-out battery

BYLINE: DQW Bureau

LENGTH: 270  words


Ahead of MWC 2016, LG today unveiled its new flagship G5 smartphone at its
special event in Barcelona. The new G5 sports a aluminum uni-body modular design
featuring a slide-out battery. The company also introduced its range of
supported devices under the brand of LG Friends which includes the 360 CAM,
smart controller for drone, VR headset and Rolling Bot.

The LG G5 is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM
and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB. LG's new flagship
smartphone offers a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of
2560 x 1440 pixels and density of 554ppi.

The G5 features dual cameras - standard 16MP and wide angle 8MP - at the back
along with an 8MP front camera. It is powered by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery.

It runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and supports 4G connectivity.
Weighing 159 gram, the device will be available in four colours - Silver, Titan,
Pink and Gold.

Recently LG announced its mid-range X series featuring two smartphones-X Cam and
X Screen. X Cam is LG's first photography-focused smartphone. The smartphone
boasts of dual-rear cameras, one 13MP and other 5MP. As for the selfies and
videoconferencing, X Cam sports an 8MP snapper.

The X Screen boasts of dual-display. The handset has a 4.93-inch primary display
and a secondary 'Always-on' screen measuring 1.76-inch, similar to the one in
LG's V10. The second screen can be used to access frequently-used apps, answer
calls without interrupting the current activity, check time, date, battery
status and other notifications without turning on smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 The DQ Week, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

LG provides Android 7.0 upgrade to G5 users

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 191 words


LG Electronics has started upgrading its flagship smartphone G5 with Nougat,
Google's latest Android 7.0 mobile operating system (OS), the Korean electronics
giant said Tuesday.

With Google's reference smartphone Nexus series excluded, the G5 became the
first Android smartphone to receive the Nougat upgrade.

'We could provide a well-prepared upgrade service as we have actively received
customer opinions through a preview program,' LG Electronics Senior Vice
President Kim Hyung-jeong said. 'We will continue to promptly provide
after-sales services that customers need in the future.'

The handset maker released a beta version of the Nougat OS in August and
provided the latest mobile OS to 2,000 G5 users in Korea. In the process, the
company has received complaints and suggestions from testers and reflected their
opinions in the upgrade.

The Nougat OS includes new features such as an integrated application search
called 'In-Apps' and a multi-window function.

G5 users can download a dedicated program called LG Bridge from the company's
website or from the download center in the smartphone, to connect the handset to
the company and upgrade it.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday

US mobile carriers offering more for S7 than G5

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 428 words


A visitor looks at an advertisement for Samsung Electronics Galaxy S7 at the
company's promotion hall in Seocho, southern Seoul, Thursday. / Yonhap

Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are stepping up competition between their
latest flagship smartphones - the Galaxy S7 and G5 - through aggressive
marketing in the United States.

The G5, LG's first modular smartphone, was launched globally on April 1. It has
drawn a favorable market response, solidifying the company's presence in the
U.S. market.

Unlike other markets, where LG has yielded the No.3 position to competitors like
Huawei, the company has remained the third leading smartphone brand in the U.S.

But Samsung is out to regain customers' attention for its Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge with an aggressive 'buy-one-get-one-free' marketing strategy in the U.S.

Verizon, the top U.S. mobile carrier, and Sprint T-Mobile have adopted the
marketing strategy to attract customers for the S7 series, offering a S7 free to
those who buy one. AT&T, the second-largest U.S. telecom firm, has offered a
48-inch Samsung Electronics television for those who buy an S7, on condition
they subscribe to a satellite television service at the same time.

The move comes as the four U.S. mobile carriers push to boost sales of premium
smartphones, which have fallen because budget handsets have become popular.

Unlike Korea, where most new handsets are sold through mobile carriers, more
than half of handsets in the U.S. are distributed directly from manufacturers to
customers through open markets. For this reason, U.S. mobile carriers tend to
use tougher marketing to attract subscribers.

Meanwhile, the four U.S. carriers have chosen relatively less aggressive
marketing for the G5.

Verizon and AT&T are giving an auxiliary battery pack and a power-charge dock to
G5 customers. For those who buy LG's new smartwatch, 'Watch Urbane Second
Edition,' and a G5, they offer a $100 discount for the handset.

Sprint also offers the battery pack and a $150 discount for G5 for subscribers
who sign a two-year contract.

The relatively more aggressive promotion for the S7 series can be seen as
Samsung's move to check G5's popularity in the U.S. market. This is because the
U.S. carriers launched the promotions for the S7 series between late last month
and early this month, more than two weeks after Samsung released the handsets.

An industry source said otherwise: 'The U.S. mobile carriers are offering more
generous benefits for the S7 series because these models draw more customers who
will pay for monthly plans over a longer period.'

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Welcome back, and hello G5!LG make sup for its brief absence with a stunning
smartphone sporting three excellent cameras

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1267 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

It's great to have LG smartphones back on the Thai market â[#x20ac]" especially
now that there's a new flagship model, the G5, which is truly impressive in
quality and has not one but two cameras at the back.

The G series has always been top quality in terms of performance, offering
superb alternatives to the more expensive Android phones, so it was
disappointing when LG Thailand indefinitely suspended distribution late last
year.

"Indefinitely" thankfully turned out to be not too long, however. TG Fone
recently became the exclusive dealer of the G5 in Thailand. The model's been
available elsewhere for a while, but for us it proves to be worth the wait. The
G5 boasts a premium build, terrific performance, fast data connection,
expandability for extra features, and that unique three-camera set-up.

The sleek, 7.7mm-thin aluminium body comes in pink, gold or titanium, nicely
curved at the edges and a lightweight 159 grams. The 3D Arc Glass display is
also gently bevelled at the top for a seamless overall look.

Users can get at the battery to replace it, which is not the case with most
other brands. You just press a button and slide out the bottom cap attached to
the 2,800mAh rechargeable battery.

The battery life is excellent thanks to Low Power Location Estimation
technology, which boosts efficiency by nearly 42 per cent by improving the way
your location-based apps use power.

On top of that, Quick Charge 3.0 uses an intelligent algorithm to replenish the
battery 27 per cent quicker and 45 per cent more efficiently than in previous
models.

The replaceable battery is part of the plan to make the phone expandable with
optional modules called LG Friends that plug into the same place. TG Fone has
two add-on modules available for now.

LG Cam Plus (Bt2,990) adds a camera grip, shutter button, zoom dial and
video-record button to the phone, all of which are quite useful. You get that
genuine camera feel, including half-pressing the shutter to focus.

LG Hi-Fi Plus (Bt4,990) is a must if you love high-quality music on the go,
because it's a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital-to-analogue converter and headphone
amplifier with the signature sound of B&O Play, an outfit renowned for its
high-fidelity products.

TG Fone does have another LG Friend, though it's not modular. LG 360 Cam
(Bt8,390) instead links wirelessly to the G5 for 360-degree shots and videos at
13-megapixel resolution that can be shared on Google Street View and YouTube
360.

Soon enough you'll need the Friends Manager, an application already built in
that connects the modules with minimal fuss. The manager automatically detects
whatever's nearby and makes the connection in three simple steps.

The G5's exceptional performance is due to a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
processor and an ample four gigabytes of working memory. A lot of phones are
using eight-core chips these days, but the G5 has Qualcomm's quad-core chip,
meaning fewer cores than the 810, its predecessor. But LG says this doesn't
affect performance, since most Android apps don't need eight cores anyway, and
the 820, at 64 bits, performs twice as well as the 810.

The 820 adds Adreno 530 graphics, lower-power Hexagon DSP and Spectra 14-bit
dual-image signal processors that deliver high-resolution, DSLR-quality pictures
while also saving power. Adreno 530 handles graphics up to 40 per cent faster
and more powerfully than the previous generation.

I found while testing the G5 that the touchscreen and menus were very responsive
and both videos and graphic-based games played smoothly, as did high-resolution
audio files at FLAC 24bit/192kHz. Even without a Hi-Fi DAC or headphone amp
module, the G5 can still be a high-quality digital-music player. I ran the tunes
through Sony's MDR-1ABT headset and found the quality top-notch, with plenty of
detail and bass.

With the G5 you also get aptX HD, an enhanced codec for Bluetooth-generated
24-bit sound, so the music remains rich and clear even over a wireless
connection when heard through the right headphones (like the optional LG Tone
Platinum headphones).

One pre-installed app I love is called LG Health, a tracker for daily activities
that can synchronise with Google Fitness. It will log the number of steps taken
and duration of cycling outings, power walks, runs and stair climbs.

The G5 is quick in connecting to LTE 4G networks such as TrueMove H's and
uploading photos to the cloud. The Ookla Speedtest app measured downloads at
107.88Mbps, the fastest I've seen while testing phones, and uploads at
19.96Mbps.

The 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display is bright and colourful and there's a
handy "Always-on" feature so you see the time and date even when the phone's in
sleep mode (discretely perfect for business meetings).

Power consumption is minimised with redesigned display driver IC memory
â[#x20ac]" the backlighting illuminates only one small part of the overall
display, so even with Always-on, you're using just 0.8 per cent of the battery's
full capacity per hour.

Daylight Mode is a big improvement in outdoor visibility. Light conditions are
automatically detected and the brightness of the display is instantaneously
increased or decreased.

Now, about the dual cameras at the rear, an outstanding advance in my view:
There really are two cameras â[#x20ac]" not two lenses â[#x20ac]" each with its
own image sensor from Sony. Both get fine pictures, with sharp details and
well-saturated colours.

The main camera has 16-megapixel resolution and uses a fast f/1.8-aperture lens
with image stabilisation. You have a 78-degree angle of view, similar to most
flagship smartphones, but what's truly amazing is the second rear camera with
f/2.4 aperture, 8MP sensor and super-wide-angle 135-degree lens.

This is 1.7 times wider than anything else found on a phone â[#x20ac]" and 15
degrees wider than the human eye's field of view. You can imagine how useful
this is getting shots of landscapes, tall buildings and large groups of people.
You might never have to "back up" again.

I just had to press an on-screen button and could easily see subjects that
didn't even appear through a normal-angle lens. Plus, you can switch back and
forth between rear cameras with another press of a button. Look for the tree
icons â[#x20ac]" one, two or three depending on the angle you want. Zooming in
and out automatically switches between wide-angle and general needs.

The G5's camera app has Multi-view mode for taking shots with each of the
phone's three cameras, which are then combined into a single superior image.

Another fun mode, Pop-out Picture, will frame a photo or video taken through the
normal lens within the matching image taken with the wide-angle. The effect can
be quite striking. And Film Effect can apply nine different movie textures to an
image.

The general-use camera focuses automatically very fast, displaying the
auto-focus points on the screen just like a DSLR camera.

Meanwhile the 8MP front camera has a "display flash" function that's useful when
taking selfies in dim surroundings.

You can get the G5 from TG Fone for Bt21,900.

n Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

n Network: 4G LTE: 700, 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2300, 2600MHz /
3G UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100MHz / 2G GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900MHz

n Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

n Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

n Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560x1440 / 554ppi)

n Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM

n Storage: 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

n Camera: Rear standard 16MP, wide 8MP, front 8MP

n Battery: 2,800mAh, removable

n Size: 149.4x73.9x7.7mm

n Weight: 159 grams

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Welcome back, and hello G5!LG make sup for its brief absence with a stunning
smartphone sporting three excellent cameras

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1267 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

It's great to have LG smartphones back on the Thai market â[#x20ac]" especially
now that there's a new flagship model, the G5, which is truly impressive in
quality and has not one but two cameras at the back.

The G series has always been top quality in terms of performance, offering
superb alternatives to the more expensive Android phones, so it was
disappointing when LG Thailand indefinitely suspended distribution late last
year.

"Indefinitely" thankfully turned out to be not too long, however. TG Fone
recently became the exclusive dealer of the G5 in Thailand. The model's been
available elsewhere for a while, but for us it proves to be worth the wait. The
G5 boasts a premium build, terrific performance, fast data connection,
expandability for extra features, and that unique three-camera set-up.

The sleek, 7.7mm-thin aluminium body comes in pink, gold or titanium, nicely
curved at the edges and a lightweight 159 grams. The 3D Arc Glass display is
also gently bevelled at the top for a seamless overall look.

Users can get at the battery to replace it, which is not the case with most
other brands. You just press a button and slide out the bottom cap attached to
the 2,800mAh rechargeable battery.

The battery life is excellent thanks to Low Power Location Estimation
technology, which boosts efficiency by nearly 42 per cent by improving the way
your location-based apps use power.

On top of that, Quick Charge 3.0 uses an intelligent algorithm to replenish the
battery 27 per cent quicker and 45 per cent more efficiently than in previous
models.

The replaceable battery is part of the plan to make the phone expandable with
optional modules called LG Friends that plug into the same place. TG Fone has
two add-on modules available for now.

LG Cam Plus (Bt2,990) adds a camera grip, shutter button, zoom dial and
video-record button to the phone, all of which are quite useful. You get that
genuine camera feel, including half-pressing the shutter to focus.

LG Hi-Fi Plus (Bt4,990) is a must if you love high-quality music on the go,
because it's a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital-to-analogue converter and headphone
amplifier with the signature sound of B&O Play, an outfit renowned for its
high-fidelity products.

TG Fone does have another LG Friend, though it's not modular. LG 360 Cam
(Bt8,390) instead links wirelessly to the G5 for 360-degree shots and videos at
13-megapixel resolution that can be shared on Google Street View and YouTube
360.

Soon enough you'll need the Friends Manager, an application already built in
that connects the modules with minimal fuss. The manager automatically detects
whatever's nearby and makes the connection in three simple steps.

The G5's exceptional performance is due to a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
processor and an ample four gigabytes of working memory. A lot of phones are
using eight-core chips these days, but the G5 has Qualcomm's quad-core chip,
meaning fewer cores than the 810, its predecessor. But LG says this doesn't
affect performance, since most Android apps don't need eight cores anyway, and
the 820, at 64 bits, performs twice as well as the 810.

The 820 adds Adreno 530 graphics, lower-power Hexagon DSP and Spectra 14-bit
dual-image signal processors that deliver high-resolution, DSLR-quality pictures
while also saving power. Adreno 530 handles graphics up to 40 per cent faster
and more powerfully than the previous generation.

I found while testing the G5 that the touchscreen and menus were very responsive
and both videos and graphic-based games played smoothly, as did high-resolution
audio files at FLAC 24bit/192kHz. Even without a Hi-Fi DAC or headphone amp
module, the G5 can still be a high-quality digital-music player. I ran the tunes
through Sony's MDR-1ABT headset and found the quality top-notch, with plenty of
detail and bass.

With the G5 you also get aptX HD, an enhanced codec for Bluetooth-generated
24-bit sound, so the music remains rich and clear even over a wireless
connection when heard through the right headphones (like the optional LG Tone
Platinum headphones).

One pre-installed app I love is called LG Health, a tracker for daily activities
that can synchronise with Google Fitness. It will log the number of steps taken
and duration of cycling outings, power walks, runs and stair climbs.

The G5 is quick in connecting to LTE 4G networks such as TrueMove H's and
uploading photos to the cloud. The Ookla Speedtest app measured downloads at
107.88Mbps, the fastest I've seen while testing phones, and uploads at
19.96Mbps.

The 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display is bright and colourful and there's a
handy "Always-on" feature so you see the time and date even when the phone's in
sleep mode (discretely perfect for business meetings).

Power consumption is minimised with redesigned display driver IC memory
â[#x20ac]" the backlighting illuminates only one small part of the overall
display, so even with Always-on, you're using just 0.8 per cent of the battery's
full capacity per hour.

Daylight Mode is a big improvement in outdoor visibility. Light conditions are
automatically detected and the brightness of the display is instantaneously
increased or decreased.

Now, about the dual cameras at the rear, an outstanding advance in my view:
There really are two cameras â[#x20ac]" not two lenses â[#x20ac]" each with its
own image sensor from Sony. Both get fine pictures, with sharp details and
well-saturated colours.

The main camera has 16-megapixel resolution and uses a fast f/1.8-aperture lens
with image stabilisation. You have a 78-degree angle of view, similar to most
flagship smartphones, but what's truly amazing is the second rear camera with
f/2.4 aperture, 8MP sensor and super-wide-angle 135-degree lens.

This is 1.7 times wider than anything else found on a phone â[#x20ac]" and 15
degrees wider than the human eye's field of view. You can imagine how useful
this is getting shots of landscapes, tall buildings and large groups of people.
You might never have to "back up" again.

I just had to press an on-screen button and could easily see subjects that
didn't even appear through a normal-angle lens. Plus, you can switch back and
forth between rear cameras with another press of a button. Look for the tree
icons â[#x20ac]" one, two or three depending on the angle you want. Zooming in
and out automatically switches between wide-angle and general needs.

The G5's camera app has Multi-view mode for taking shots with each of the
phone's three cameras, which are then combined into a single superior image.

Another fun mode, Pop-out Picture, will frame a photo or video taken through the
normal lens within the matching image taken with the wide-angle. The effect can
be quite striking. And Film Effect can apply nine different movie textures to an
image.

The general-use camera focuses automatically very fast, displaying the
auto-focus points on the screen just like a DSLR camera.

Meanwhile the 8MP front camera has a "display flash" function that's useful when
taking selfies in dim surroundings.

You can get the G5 from TG Fone for Bt21,900.

n Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

n Network: 4G LTE: 700, 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2300, 2600MHz /
3G UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100MHz / 2G GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900MHz

n Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

n Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

n Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560x1440 / 554ppi)

n Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM

n Storage: 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

n Camera: Rear standard 16MP, wide 8MP, front 8MP

n Battery: 2,800mAh, removable

n Size: 149.4x73.9x7.7mm

n Weight: 159 grams

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Welcome back, and hello G5!LG make sup for its brief absence with a stunning
smartphone sporting three excellent cameras

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1267 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

It's great to have LG smartphones back on the Thai market â[#x20ac]" especially
now that there's a new flagship model, the G5, which is truly impressive in
quality and has not one but two cameras at the back.

The G series has always been top quality in terms of performance, offering
superb alternatives to the more expensive Android phones, so it was
disappointing when LG Thailand indefinitely suspended distribution late last
year.

"Indefinitely" thankfully turned out to be not too long, however. TG Fone
recently became the exclusive dealer of the G5 in Thailand. The model's been
available elsewhere for a while, but for us it proves to be worth the wait. The
G5 boasts a premium build, terrific performance, fast data connection,
expandability for extra features, and that unique three-camera set-up.

The sleek, 7.7mm-thin aluminium body comes in pink, gold or titanium, nicely
curved at the edges and a lightweight 159 grams. The 3D Arc Glass display is
also gently bevelled at the top for a seamless overall look.

Users can get at the battery to replace it, which is not the case with most
other brands. You just press a button and slide out the bottom cap attached to
the 2,800mAh rechargeable battery.

The battery life is excellent thanks to Low Power Location Estimation
technology, which boosts efficiency by nearly 42 per cent by improving the way
your location-based apps use power.

On top of that, Quick Charge 3.0 uses an intelligent algorithm to replenish the
battery 27 per cent quicker and 45 per cent more efficiently than in previous
models.

The replaceable battery is part of the plan to make the phone expandable with
optional modules called LG Friends that plug into the same place. TG Fone has
two add-on modules available for now.

LG Cam Plus (Bt2,990) adds a camera grip, shutter button, zoom dial and
video-record button to the phone, all of which are quite useful. You get that
genuine camera feel, including half-pressing the shutter to focus.

LG Hi-Fi Plus (Bt4,990) is a must if you love high-quality music on the go,
because it's a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital-to-analogue converter and headphone
amplifier with the signature sound of B&O Play, an outfit renowned for its
high-fidelity products.

TG Fone does have another LG Friend, though it's not modular. LG 360 Cam
(Bt8,390) instead links wirelessly to the G5 for 360-degree shots and videos at
13-megapixel resolution that can be shared on Google Street View and YouTube
360.

Soon enough you'll need the Friends Manager, an application already built in
that connects the modules with minimal fuss. The manager automatically detects
whatever's nearby and makes the connection in three simple steps.

The G5's exceptional performance is due to a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
processor and an ample four gigabytes of working memory. A lot of phones are
using eight-core chips these days, but the G5 has Qualcomm's quad-core chip,
meaning fewer cores than the 810, its predecessor. But LG says this doesn't
affect performance, since most Android apps don't need eight cores anyway, and
the 820, at 64 bits, performs twice as well as the 810.

The 820 adds Adreno 530 graphics, lower-power Hexagon DSP and Spectra 14-bit
dual-image signal processors that deliver high-resolution, DSLR-quality pictures
while also saving power. Adreno 530 handles graphics up to 40 per cent faster
and more powerfully than the previous generation.

I found while testing the G5 that the touchscreen and menus were very responsive
and both videos and graphic-based games played smoothly, as did high-resolution
audio files at FLAC 24bit/192kHz. Even without a Hi-Fi DAC or headphone amp
module, the G5 can still be a high-quality digital-music player. I ran the tunes
through Sony's MDR-1ABT headset and found the quality top-notch, with plenty of
detail and bass.

With the G5 you also get aptX HD, an enhanced codec for Bluetooth-generated
24-bit sound, so the music remains rich and clear even over a wireless
connection when heard through the right headphones (like the optional LG Tone
Platinum headphones).

One pre-installed app I love is called LG Health, a tracker for daily activities
that can synchronise with Google Fitness. It will log the number of steps taken
and duration of cycling outings, power walks, runs and stair climbs.

The G5 is quick in connecting to LTE 4G networks such as TrueMove H's and
uploading photos to the cloud. The Ookla Speedtest app measured downloads at
107.88Mbps, the fastest I've seen while testing phones, and uploads at
19.96Mbps.

The 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display is bright and colourful and there's a
handy "Always-on" feature so you see the time and date even when the phone's in
sleep mode (discretely perfect for business meetings).

Power consumption is minimised with redesigned display driver IC memory
â[#x20ac]" the backlighting illuminates only one small part of the overall
display, so even with Always-on, you're using just 0.8 per cent of the battery's
full capacity per hour.

Daylight Mode is a big improvement in outdoor visibility. Light conditions are
automatically detected and the brightness of the display is instantaneously
increased or decreased.

Now, about the dual cameras at the rear, an outstanding advance in my view:
There really are two cameras â[#x20ac]" not two lenses â[#x20ac]" each with its
own image sensor from Sony. Both get fine pictures, with sharp details and
well-saturated colours.

The main camera has 16-megapixel resolution and uses a fast f/1.8-aperture lens
with image stabilisation. You have a 78-degree angle of view, similar to most
flagship smartphones, but what's truly amazing is the second rear camera with
f/2.4 aperture, 8MP sensor and super-wide-angle 135-degree lens.

This is 1.7 times wider than anything else found on a phone â[#x20ac]" and 15
degrees wider than the human eye's field of view. You can imagine how useful
this is getting shots of landscapes, tall buildings and large groups of people.
You might never have to "back up" again.

I just had to press an on-screen button and could easily see subjects that
didn't even appear through a normal-angle lens. Plus, you can switch back and
forth between rear cameras with another press of a button. Look for the tree
icons â[#x20ac]" one, two or three depending on the angle you want. Zooming in
and out automatically switches between wide-angle and general needs.

The G5's camera app has Multi-view mode for taking shots with each of the
phone's three cameras, which are then combined into a single superior image.

Another fun mode, Pop-out Picture, will frame a photo or video taken through the
normal lens within the matching image taken with the wide-angle. The effect can
be quite striking. And Film Effect can apply nine different movie textures to an
image.

The general-use camera focuses automatically very fast, displaying the
auto-focus points on the screen just like a DSLR camera.

Meanwhile the 8MP front camera has a "display flash" function that's useful when
taking selfies in dim surroundings.

You can get the G5 from TG Fone for Bt21,900.

n Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

n Network: 4G LTE: 700, 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2300, 2600MHz /
3G UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100MHz / 2G GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900MHz

n Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

n Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

n Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560x1440 / 554ppi)

n Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM

n Storage: 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

n Camera: Rear standard 16MP, wide 8MP, front 8MP

n Battery: 2,800mAh, removable

n Size: 149.4x73.9x7.7mm

n Weight: 159 grams

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

Welcome back, and hello G5!LG make sup for its brief absence with a stunning
smartphone sporting three excellent cameras

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1267 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

It's great to have LG smartphones back on the Thai market â[#x20ac]" especially
now that there's a new flagship model, the G5, which is truly impressive in
quality and has not one but two cameras at the back.

The G series has always been top quality in terms of performance, offering
superb alternatives to the more expensive Android phones, so it was
disappointing when LG Thailand indefinitely suspended distribution late last
year.

"Indefinitely" thankfully turned out to be not too long, however. TG Fone
recently became the exclusive dealer of the G5 in Thailand. The model's been
available elsewhere for a while, but for us it proves to be worth the wait. The
G5 boasts a premium build, terrific performance, fast data connection,
expandability for extra features, and that unique three-camera set-up.

The sleek, 7.7mm-thin aluminium body comes in pink, gold or titanium, nicely
curved at the edges and a lightweight 159 grams. The 3D Arc Glass display is
also gently bevelled at the top for a seamless overall look.

Users can get at the battery to replace it, which is not the case with most
other brands. You just press a button and slide out the bottom cap attached to
the 2,800mAh rechargeable battery.

The battery life is excellent thanks to Low Power Location Estimation
technology, which boosts efficiency by nearly 42 per cent by improving the way
your location-based apps use power.

On top of that, Quick Charge 3.0 uses an intelligent algorithm to replenish the
battery 27 per cent quicker and 45 per cent more efficiently than in previous
models.

The replaceable battery is part of the plan to make the phone expandable with
optional modules called LG Friends that plug into the same place. TG Fone has
two add-on modules available for now.

LG Cam Plus (Bt2,990) adds a camera grip, shutter button, zoom dial and
video-record button to the phone, all of which are quite useful. You get that
genuine camera feel, including half-pressing the shutter to focus.

LG Hi-Fi Plus (Bt4,990) is a must if you love high-quality music on the go,
because it's a 32-bit Hi-Fi digital-to-analogue converter and headphone
amplifier with the signature sound of B&O Play, an outfit renowned for its
high-fidelity products.

TG Fone does have another LG Friend, though it's not modular. LG 360 Cam
(Bt8,390) instead links wirelessly to the G5 for 360-degree shots and videos at
13-megapixel resolution that can be shared on Google Street View and YouTube
360.

Soon enough you'll need the Friends Manager, an application already built in
that connects the modules with minimal fuss. The manager automatically detects
whatever's nearby and makes the connection in three simple steps.

The G5's exceptional performance is due to a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
processor and an ample four gigabytes of working memory. A lot of phones are
using eight-core chips these days, but the G5 has Qualcomm's quad-core chip,
meaning fewer cores than the 810, its predecessor. But LG says this doesn't
affect performance, since most Android apps don't need eight cores anyway, and
the 820, at 64 bits, performs twice as well as the 810.

The 820 adds Adreno 530 graphics, lower-power Hexagon DSP and Spectra 14-bit
dual-image signal processors that deliver high-resolution, DSLR-quality pictures
while also saving power. Adreno 530 handles graphics up to 40 per cent faster
and more powerfully than the previous generation.

I found while testing the G5 that the touchscreen and menus were very responsive
and both videos and graphic-based games played smoothly, as did high-resolution
audio files at FLAC 24bit/192kHz. Even without a Hi-Fi DAC or headphone amp
module, the G5 can still be a high-quality digital-music player. I ran the tunes
through Sony's MDR-1ABT headset and found the quality top-notch, with plenty of
detail and bass.

With the G5 you also get aptX HD, an enhanced codec for Bluetooth-generated
24-bit sound, so the music remains rich and clear even over a wireless
connection when heard through the right headphones (like the optional LG Tone
Platinum headphones).

One pre-installed app I love is called LG Health, a tracker for daily activities
that can synchronise with Google Fitness. It will log the number of steps taken
and duration of cycling outings, power walks, runs and stair climbs.

The G5 is quick in connecting to LTE 4G networks such as TrueMove H's and
uploading photos to the cloud. The Ookla Speedtest app measured downloads at
107.88Mbps, the fastest I've seen while testing phones, and uploads at
19.96Mbps.

The 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display is bright and colourful and there's a
handy "Always-on" feature so you see the time and date even when the phone's in
sleep mode (discretely perfect for business meetings).

Power consumption is minimised with redesigned display driver IC memory
â[#x20ac]" the backlighting illuminates only one small part of the overall
display, so even with Always-on, you're using just 0.8 per cent of the battery's
full capacity per hour.

Daylight Mode is a big improvement in outdoor visibility. Light conditions are
automatically detected and the brightness of the display is instantaneously
increased or decreased.

Now, about the dual cameras at the rear, an outstanding advance in my view:
There really are two cameras â[#x20ac]" not two lenses â[#x20ac]" each with its
own image sensor from Sony. Both get fine pictures, with sharp details and
well-saturated colours.

The main camera has 16-megapixel resolution and uses a fast f/1.8-aperture lens
with image stabilisation. You have a 78-degree angle of view, similar to most
flagship smartphones, but what's truly amazing is the second rear camera with
f/2.4 aperture, 8MP sensor and super-wide-angle 135-degree lens.

This is 1.7 times wider than anything else found on a phone â[#x20ac]" and 15
degrees wider than the human eye's field of view. You can imagine how useful
this is getting shots of landscapes, tall buildings and large groups of people.
You might never have to "back up" again.

I just had to press an on-screen button and could easily see subjects that
didn't even appear through a normal-angle lens. Plus, you can switch back and
forth between rear cameras with another press of a button. Look for the tree
icons â[#x20ac]" one, two or three depending on the angle you want. Zooming in
and out automatically switches between wide-angle and general needs.

The G5's camera app has Multi-view mode for taking shots with each of the
phone's three cameras, which are then combined into a single superior image.

Another fun mode, Pop-out Picture, will frame a photo or video taken through the
normal lens within the matching image taken with the wide-angle. The effect can
be quite striking. And Film Effect can apply nine different movie textures to an
image.

The general-use camera focuses automatically very fast, displaying the
auto-focus points on the screen just like a DSLR camera.

Meanwhile the 8MP front camera has a "display flash" function that's useful when
taking selfies in dim surroundings.

You can get the G5 from TG Fone for Bt21,900.

n Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

n Network: 4G LTE: 700, 800, 850, 900, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2100, 2300, 2600MHz /
3G UMTS: 850, 900, 1900, 2100MHz / 2G GSM: 850, 900, 1800, 1900MHz

n Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

n Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

n Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560x1440 / 554ppi)

n Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM

n Storage: 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

n Camera: Rear standard 16MP, wide 8MP, front 8MP

n Battery: 2,800mAh, removable

n Size: 149.4x73.9x7.7mm

n Weight: 159 grams

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                     October 22, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

LG will reportedly abandon the modular concept for its G6 handset

BYLINE: Demarco Dlamini

LENGTH: 213  words


Korean news website ETNews has revealed in a recent report that LG will ditch
the modular-like design for its next flagship smartphone -- LG G6 -- which will
likely be launched in spring 2017.



The move by LG to fall back on a more traditional design for its G5 handsets is
seemingly rooted in the fact that the company recorded less-than-stellar sales
of its April-launched G5 handset which featured the company's unique
modular-like design.

The LG G5 handset comes with a removable battery which can be swapped out from
the device's bottom chin. Moreover, the functionality of the handset can be
enhanced with the help of some other add-on accessories, including a camera grip
and a digital-to-analog audio converter.

But, due to the lacklustre sales of the G5 handset, LG has now decided to
abandon the modular approach for the forthcoming G6 handset. LG's decision to
revert back to a traditional design for G6 underscores an evident attempt by the
company to bring the smartphone back into the mainstream market, hoping for an
increase in sales.

However, LG's decision to ditch the modular concept in its new G6 handset would
be a blow to developers and consumers who had invested in the company's modular
ecosystem on the assumption that the concept would be developed further.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Huawei P9 Up Against LG G5 And Galaxy S7 Edge

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 474  words


Huawei P9's most talked about feature is the dual rear camera setup that is
powered by Leica.

Diving straight into the topic -- Apple's got some hot competition, reports
KnowYourMobile.com. Well, if you are wondering what's the competition, then,
it's Huawei P9, the recently launched smartphone with a dual camera setup,
powered by Leica.

With Huawei P9's specifications looking great on paper, it is not only a hot
competition to Apple, but also a tough one to the recently launched LG G5 and
Samsung S7 Edge.

Under The Hood...

Huawei P9 sports a 1.8 GHz octa core HiSilicon Kirin 955 processor while LG G5
comes with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 and Samsung S7 Edge features a Exynos 8890
octa core processor. However, considering the display screen size, Huawei P9
comes with 5.2 inch, while LG G5 and Samsung S7 Edge come with 5.3 inch and 5.5
inch respectively. Here we cannot actually tell which would be better, as it is
purely a subjective preference. While some prefer screen size of 5 inch (as it
is easy to carry around), there are others who prefer larger screens (for better
multimedia consumption).

On the RAM part, P9 seems to be having a GB less than the other two smartphones,
which might affect how the smartphone can handle multiple apps at the same time.
Also, on the internal storage end, all three smartphones come with 32 GB
internal. However, Samsung S7 Edge also comes with a 64 GB variant, so that's
something interesting for people who want more space to install applications.

Counting Pixels...

All three smartphones are flagship device that we have witnessed this year, and
feature some of the best cameras we have seen. Huawei P9 and Samsung S7 Edge
come with a 12 MP primary camera, while LG G5 features a 16 MP camera sensor.
However, Huawei P9's dual camera technology, and partnership with Leica, is
something pretty impressive. However, Galaxy S7 Edge is being reported by many
tech gurus as having producing a better and wider image, all thanks to the f1.7
aperture that comes with it. But, Huawei P9's front camera definitely gives more
details due to the 8 MP shooter, which allows users to crop in deeper.

Battery Marathon...

Speaking about the battery life of the three devices, we can clearly see that
Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge is the winner as it comes with a 3,600 mAh battery.
Huawei P9 comes at second place with a 3,000 mAh battery while LG trails at the
last with a mere 2,800 mAh battery. However, we already know that LG G5 features
a removable battery and a couple of accessories that allow users to actually
keep another battery fully charged up.

Having said everything, we can clearly see that Huawei P9 is not the clear
winner when compared with the other two smartphones. But, if you consider the
price tag and its value, probably you can make your mind to opt in Huawei P9
rather than going for the other two.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

LG unveils G5 smartphone with Snapdragon 820, slide-out battery

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 287 words


BARCELONA: Ahead of MWC 2016,today unveiled its new flagship G5 smartphone at
its special event in Barcelona. The new G5 sports a aluminum uni-body modular
design featuring a slide-out battery. The company also introduced its range of
supported devices under the brand of LG Friends which includes the 360 CAM,
smart controller for drone, VR headset and Rolling Bot.

The LG G5 is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM
and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB. LG's new flagship
smartphone offers a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of
2560 x 1440 pixels and density of 554ppi.

The G5 features dual cameras -- standard 16MP and wide angle 8MP -- at the back
along with an 8MP front camera. It is powered by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery.

It runsoperating system and supports 4G connectivity. Weighing 159 gram, the
device will be available in four colours -- Silver, Titan, Pink and Gold.

Read Also:

Recently LG announced its mid-range X series featuring two smartphones-X Cam and
X Screen. X Cam is LG's first photography-focused smartphone. The smartphone
boasts of dual-rear cameras, one 13MP and other 5MP. As for the selfies and
videoconferencing, X Cam sports an 8MP snapper.

The X Screen boasts of dual-display. The handset has a 4.93-inch primary display
and a secondary 'Always-on' screen measuring 1.76-inch, similar to the one in
LG's V10. The second screen can be used to access frequently-used apps, answer
calls without interrupting the current activity, check time, date, battery
status and other notifications without turning on smartphone.

Both the X series phones run Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      February 21, 2016 Sunday 2:25 PM GMT

The new LG smartphone allows you to play with your pets from your desk

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 355 words


Details from the new LG G5 were announced on Sunday at the Mobile World Congress
technology show in Barcelona.

LG has announced a modular smartphone that enables users to attach additional
features such as a better camera lens to the device.

The new LG G5 comes with a removable battery slot and additional features such
as a camera and a speaker that can be slotted into this area with the battery at
the base of the phone.

The Korean firm's president Juno Cho described the new device as "an adventurous
theme park in your pocket".

Google is also working on a modular smartphone where users can add and remove
features, though it is thought to be far from completion. A small second battery
inside the phone keeps it running while any swap is made.

LG made the announcement at a press conference ahead of the Mobile World
Congress technology show in Barcelona.

The G5 will also have an "always-on" screen, though LG added this will only
highlight part of the screen and use less than 1% of the battery every hour.

The phone's rear camera also comes with a wide angle lens, which can be used to
take photos in a 135 degree range - wider than the viewing range of the human
eye.

LG also announced their own virtual reality headset, following in the footsteps
of a host of companies to create such a device.

The LG 360 VR connects to the G5 smartphone, and has a dedicated screen for each
eye, which LG says makes images shown 20% sharper than other headsets. It is
being powered by Qualcomm's new Snapdragon processor, one of the most powerful
available.

Facebook-owned Oculus, PlayStation and HTC are all due to release VR headsets in
the coming months.

The technology giant also unveiled a 360-degree camera that can be used to take
photos and video, as well as post to Google Street View.

A spherical robot called the Rolling Bot was also revealed. It can be controlled
remotely over a Wi-Fi network, and the firm says could be used as a home
security product.

It also comes with a Pet Care mode so users can monitor and even talk to their
pets when they're not home, as well as beam a small laser onto the floor for
them to play with.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      February 22, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Meet the LG G5 and its 'Friends'

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 415  words


MWC 2016 or the Mobile World Congress has kicked off to a dramatic start in
Barcelona, Spain. The other Korean electronics giant, LG, has just showed off
its newest version of the LG G-something -- in this case, the LG G5. And they
have quite a few reasons to show off.

It isn't just users who are getting sick of seeing the same-old, same-old
Android phones everywhere, but the phone makers themselves. So LG has decided to
change that by giving the phone user a lot to play with.

The G5 is a nice enough phone to begin with: all metal, bright 2560 x1 440
resolution IPS display, fingerprint sensor on the back, Snapdragon 820 and 4GB
RAM to go about everything at top speed, and Android Marshmallow. It's light,
bezel-less looking, ergonomically sound and a wonderful 5.3 inches to use
one-handed if you should so choose. The display is always-on, showing the clock
and notifications without taking too much of a toll on the battery life.

But the big deal is that this phone has "Friends". These are add-ons that plug
into the phone at the bottom, and accessories.

At base of the phone, there's a bit that can be clicked and pulled out. Out
comes the 2,800mAh battery. Along with it, you attach the plug-ins, which for
now include a Bang & Olufsen module (with a 32-bit DAC and amp) for much, much
better music when connected to speakers and headphones, and a camera grip and
control module that turns the phone into more of a camera. Add-ons include
things like a VR headset.

But LG doesn't want to stop at that and plans to create a whole ecosystem of
"Friends," and have a regular party. Great idea, though I'm wondering whether
we're going to have to carry a phone-bag just as some people have camera bags.

Talking of cameras, let's talk cameras. The G5 has a set of dual cameras on the
back. These are 16MP and 8MP but they do some nice trickery with photos by
stitching them together and one of the lenses gives a 135-degree wide angle
view. You can use the lenses together or separately.

The VR headset, debuted along with the G5, plugs into the phone, but has its own
screen. So you don't go sticking the phone into a big contraption as with the
Google Cardboard. This makes the gadget more sleek and wearable.

LG's top-end devices have been a little more expensive than users have been
willing to accept in India, so it will be interesting to see what happens with
the G5.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Samsung to start Galaxy S7 preorder

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 504 words


Samsung will start receiving preorders for its Galaxy S7 smartphones, both rigid
and curved, from March 4, the company said Monday.

'The company will start taking preorders of its Galaxy S7 (S7) and Galaxy S7
Edge (S7 Edge) from all three of the nation's carriers _ SK Telecom, KT and LG
Uplus _ beginning March 4,' it said.

Customers who signed up with the carriers to use either device before March 18
will get a 'Gear VR' headset for free.

The company said customers who want to receive a Gear VR or a wireless battery
pack should provide their personal information at www.samsung.com/sec/galaxys7.

The two Galaxy devices were unveiled at the company's mobile unpacked event
during this year's mobile expo held at the Fira Gran Via Convention Center,
Barcelona, Spain, last week with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg putting much
adrenaline into the event with his unscheduled appearance.

Zuckerberg said Samsung Electronics is the 'best partner' in hardware and vowed
to strengthen the bilateral partnership to jointly boost virtual reality (VR)
content.

'Consumers who visit the country's top distributors such as HiMart and E-Mart,
as well as Samsung Digital Plaza and authorized handset outlets at the carriers
can have a test-trial either of the two Samsung phones,' said a company
official.

The S7 models will be available in four finishes _ black, white pearl, gold
platinum and silver titanium. Suggested retail price for the S7 with the rigid
design is expected to sell for 800,000 won, while the device with the curved
design could sell for 900,000 won without the carrier subsidy. The all new
Galaxy has enhanced its camera functionality using the company's finer image
sensor technology and has added new waterproof features. With the MicroSD slot,
users can expand the storage capacity to 200 gigabytes (GB).

Samsung Electronics mobile chief Ko Dong-jin said initial response for the
handsets is 'more than impressive.' But he declined to comment on the company's
sales target for the devices.

On a related note, LG Electronics plans to start taking preorders for its G5
handsets from customers in Korea after the Samsung session.

Given that the company's mobile chief Cho Juno's admitted that it will introduce
a heavy promotional campaign, LG is said to offer one of its light VR headsets
'360 VR,' 'LG CAM Plus,' or 'LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&A Play' as free gifts for
those who register for the G5 during the pre-order session.

The G5 adopted a modular-type design for the first time since LG Electronics
entered into the smartphone market in late 2011.

Devices using that type of design can be in sync with other hardware products,
though it remains to be seen whether many third-party developers or device
makers will support the LG design.

The suggested retail price for the G5 in Korea has not yet been published. But
LG started taking preorders for the G5 from consumers in the United Kingdom with
the price of about 930,000 won per unit.

The G5 will also be available in four colors _ silver, tan, gold and pink _ LG
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

LG G5 and HTC 10 do not satisfy USB Type-C specification, according to an
engineer

LENGTH: 373  words


One engineer believes that LG G5 and HTC 10 should not be purchased because they
do not comply with USB Type-C regulations

Despite the fact that both LG G5 and HTC 10 are very impressive Android phones
in their own separate leagues, one engineer is not too optimistic of using both
phones thanks to the USB Type-C specification. This is because not only do both
devices support Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 (thanks to featuring a Snapdragon
820 SoC), but also because both smartphones feature the unique charging port,
which obviously presents a great deal of a problem.

According to the Googler, neither HTC 10 nor the LG G5 can be considered USB
Type-C spec compliant due to the inclusion of Quick Charge 3.0. Now why is this
so important? According to the person on his Google Plus account: He states
that:

"This is not a legacy cable. This time, I'm reviewing Black Squid's
Full-Featured C-to-C cable! tl;dr: Good cable! Charges at up to 60W, connect
your laptop to your USB 3.1 devices, drive a 4K display...All using 1 cable!
This is the first C-to-C cable I have reviewed, and it's one that does A LOT of
different functions. Excuse the length of this review. I tested with 3 different
chargers, one of them actually an external display dock with a 4K screen. The
cable allowed the Pixel 2 to charge itself, while displaying 4K 60hz video out
and accessing the USB hub on the monitor over a single cable. Woot! For more
information about the difference between USB 2.0 C-to-C and Full Featured C-to-C
read my explainer:"

https://plus.google.com/+BensonLeung/posts/HBWyVBmdVzw

WhathemeanstosayisthatUSBType-CandQuickCharge3.0cannotworktogetherbecauseofthesp
ecificationdifferences.However,itisalsopossiblethatType-Cspecificationshavenotbe
enupdatedyet,sincetherehavebeenrecentchangesthatnotonlyprotectthesmartphoneandch
argerfromgettingfriedbeyondrepairduetohighpowerdelivery,buttherearesafeguardstha
tensurethatmalwarewillnotenterthedevices.

LookslikewewillhavetowaitforofficialconfirmationfrombothHTCandLGsothatconsumersa
rewellawareofthisbeforetheymaketheirpurchase.

Google+

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/6/146143224809.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/58/146143225022.PNG



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/146143225304.PNG



LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG unveil the new G5 with a 'set of friends'

BYLINE: DNA WEB TEAM

LENGTH: 274  words


LG Unveil the new G5 ahead of schedule with a ton 'friends' or accessories: a
removable battery, Bang & Olufsen sound system, fingerprint scanner and more.

LG Electronics has unveiled its latest smartphone ahead of schedule, with a ton
of accessories, a removable battery, Bang & Olufsen sound system, fingerprint
scanner and more.

The G5 doesn't only have premium specifications but also a few add-ons making it
one of the most anticipated smartphones that everyone will be keeping an eye on.

The LG G5 has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a resolution of 2560 x
1440 pixels and a pixel density of 554ppi. The phone is rigged with a Qualcomm's
Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM, 32GB of storage (expandable upto
2TB).

The smartphone will also feature dual rear cameras: a standard 16MP camera and a
wide angle 8MP camera and is powered by a 2,800mAh removable battery.

It will run on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system, support 4G
connectivity, weigh 159 grams and is available in four colours: Pink, Silver,
Gold and Titan.

The flagship smartphone will also be armed with a fingerprint scanner (on the
back)

The add-ons or accessories that LG calls a 'set of friends' are especially
interesting: A camera grip with extended battery (4,000mAh), shutter button,
video recording button and a jog dial for zooming in or out; Bang & Olufsen
Hi-Fi DAC and amp with its own headphone jack; a 360 camera; a virtual reality
headset and a rolling robot.

The smartphone and all its 'friends' will launch worldwide sometime in April.

In a YouTube video, Vlad Savov from the Verge takes a look at the accessories
and features of the LG G5.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            April 23, 2016 Saturday

LG UX 5.0

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 51

LENGTH: 118  words


With the imminent consumer rollout of the new LG G5, LG Electronics (LG) will
also be introducing a new version of its mobile user interface, LG UX 5.0.
Designed for a more playful and innovative mobile experience, LG UX 5.0 will
offer advanced features and greater convenience not only for LG G5 users but
owners of upcoming smartphone models as well.

Based on Android's latest Marshmallow OS, LG UX 5.0 conveys LG's philosophy on
the future of mobiles. LG UX 5.0 is an enjoyable, enhanced and user-centric UX
that supports easy connection for optimal control of LG Friends and delivers a
more convenient and powerful experience by adding new functions that allow users
to enjoy the G5 to its maximum potential.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Samsung vs. LG: Mobile chiefs make MWC debuts

LENGTH: 547 words


Mobile chiefs of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics made their debuts at
Mobile World Congress, the mobile industry's largest gathering held in
Barcelona, Spain, this week.

LG has usually launched its new phones after MWC but this year the company went
head-on with its local rival Samsung.

As much as their latest phones, presentations made by the mobile chiefs of both
companies grabbed a lot of attention from industry people and journalists.

Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin

Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin, 55, is an engineer who has been involved in
the development of the Galaxy series from the beginning. He took the helm of the
company's mobile business division from his predecessor Shin Jong-kyun late last
year.

Unlike previous Samsung CEOs, he opened the speech with his own story, talking
about the earlier days when he entered the company 30 years ago and the
desperate efforts behind every Galaxy phone.

The latest Galaxy S7 comes with upgraded camera and battery features. Responding
to consumer demands, the phone has revived a removable battery slot and is now
waterproof.

Due to previously leaked images and rumors, Samsung had little surprises to
announce. But it used virtual reality during the whole show to impress the
audience.

Samsung's Galaxy Gear VR headsets were handed out for the attendants to enjoy an
immersive VR demo. Then, Facebook CEO Mark Juckerberg made an unannounced
appearance to tout the headset that uses Facebook's technology.

"The Galaxy S7 is a masterpiece. I'm confident its sales will exceed that of its
predecessor," Koh told reporters.

"Facebook considers virtual reality as the next generation communication
platform after photos and videos. Samsung also aims to become a pioneer in
offering new user experience."

While the Samsung mobile chief is a tech-oriented industry veteran, LG's Cho
Junho, 57, is more a businessman who has been behind the company's hit phones.

LG mobile chief Cho Junho

In the early 2000s, LG prevailed Samsung in the handset market. Then the U.S.
business chief led the success story of the Chocolate phone, which looked like a
chocolate bar, in 2004 and the Shine phone with metal body in 2007.

But LG's recent smartphones have been struggling, feeling the pinch from
high-end Apple's iPhone and Samsung Galaxy and Chinese budget phones.

In a move to buck the trend, LG, under Cho's leadership, has come up with the
G5, the industry's first modular phone.

When it comes to innovation, industry watchers are responding more positively to
the G5 than the Galaxy S7.

The G5, which has an accessory slot at the bottom, allows users to replace or
upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

The company also launched a virtual reality headset and other accessories,
including a drone controller to work with the G5.

"The G5 is the starting point of LG's revival. We will create our own fandom and
regain the global No. 3 title," he said at a press conference.

During the unveiling event, representatives from LG's global partners such as
Google, Qualcomm and Bang & Olufsen also joined to show their alliance for the
phone's success.

Admitting that two powerful companies -- Samsung and Apple -- are dominating the
market he pledged to break through the competition with the company's own
diverse products.

(

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung vs. LG: Mobile chiefs make MWC debuts

LENGTH: 547 words


Mobile chiefs of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics made their debuts at
Mobile World Congress, the mobile industry's largest gathering held in
Barcelona, Spain, this week.

LG has usually launched its new phones after MWC but this year the company went
head-on with its local rival Samsung.

As much as their latest phones, presentations made by the mobile chiefs of both
companies grabbed a lot of attention from industry people and journalists.

Samsung mobile chief Koh Dong-jin

Samsung's mobile chief Koh Dong-jin, 55, is an engineer who has been involved in
the development of the Galaxy series from the beginning. He took the helm of the
company's mobile business division from his predecessor Shin Jong-kyun late last
year.

Unlike previous Samsung CEOs, he opened the speech with his own story, talking
about the earlier days when he entered the company 30 years ago and the
desperate efforts behind every Galaxy phone.

The latest Galaxy S7 comes with upgraded camera and battery features. Responding
to consumer demands, the phone has revived a removable battery slot and is now
waterproof.

Due to previously leaked images and rumors, Samsung had little surprises to
announce. But it used virtual reality during the whole show to impress the
audience.

Samsung's Galaxy Gear VR headsets were handed out for the attendants to enjoy an
immersive VR demo. Then, Facebook CEO Mark Juckerberg made an unannounced
appearance to tout the headset that uses Facebook's technology.

"The Galaxy S7 is a masterpiece. I'm confident its sales will exceed that of its
predecessor," Koh told reporters.

"Facebook considers virtual reality as the next generation communication
platform after photos and videos. Samsung also aims to become a pioneer in
offering new user experience."

While the Samsung mobile chief is a tech-oriented industry veteran, LG's Cho
Junho, 57, is a business leader who has been behind the company's hit phones.

LG mobile chief Cho Junho

In the early 2000s, LG prevailed Samsung in the handset market. Then the U.S.
business chief led the success story of the Chocolate phone, which looked like a
chocolate bar, in 2004 and the Shine phone with metal body in 2007.

But LG's recent smartphones have been struggling, feeling the pinch from
high-end Apple's iPhone and Samsung Galaxy and Chinese budget phones.

In a move to buck the trend, LG, under Cho's leadership, has come up with the
G5, the industry's first modular phone.

When it comes to innovation, industry watchers are responding more positively to
the G5 than the Galaxy S7.

The G5, which has an accessory slot at the bottom, allows users to replace or
upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

The company also launched a virtual reality headset and other accessories,
including a drone controller to work with the G5.

"The G5 is the starting point of LG's revival. We will create our own fandom and
regain the global No. 3 title," he said at a press conference.

During the unveiling event, representatives from LG's global partners such as
Google, Qualcomm and Bang & Olufsen also joined to show their alliance for the
phone's success.

Admitting that two powerful companies -- Samsung and Apple -- are dominating the
market he pledged to break through the competition with the company's own
diverse products.

(

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG G5 modular smartphone launched in India at Rs 52,990; sports 5.3-inch display

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 247 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean smartphone maker LG has launched its latest flagship
smartphone G5 in India. Priced at Rs 52,990, the smartphone is exclusively
available on Flipkart.

The main highlights of the smartphone is it's the modular body. The modules are
called as LG Friends, as they are the companion of the smartphone and can be
attached to it. Unveiled at Mobile World Congress in February, LG G5 sports
aluminum unibody modular design featuring a slide-out battery. The battery of
the smartphone can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module to it. It
comes with an additional 1,200mAh battery which adds to the G5's standard 2,800
mAh battery.The module, according to the company, offers better grip and
stability while taking pictures. There is also a switch to launch the camera
along with a digital-zoom dial, shutter-release button and video recording
button.The smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled
with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB
in size. The modular smartphone has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with
a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.The G5 features dual rear cameras -- a standard
16MP and a wide angle 8MP, along with an 8MP front camera. The phone is backed
by a 2,800mAh battery and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow out-of-the-box. The
4G-enabled smartphone weighs 159 gram and will be available in four colours -
Silver, Titan, Pink and Gold.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     February 27, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Intel Security to Safeguard the New LG G5

LENGTH: 266  words


Saturday, February 27, 2016: Intel Security announced McAfee Mobile Security
will be pre-installed on the latest smartphone from LG Electronics, the LG G5,
to enable users to connect with more confidence. This extends an existing
agreement whereby LG Electronics selected McAfee Mobile Security to help protect
against security threats and provide theft protection for its G4 smartphone.
With the pre-installed application, LG G5 users will enjoy antivirus and
anti-theft benefits as well as enhanced privacy settings, enabling them to
experience the mobile world with greater confidence.

As we become increasingly connected, mobile devices are the tip of the spear for
new hacking methods. Intel Security's Mobile Threat Report recently found that
three million mobile devices were affected by malware solely through mobile app
stores over the past six months. Additionally, Intel Security found that in Q4
2015 mobile malware samples increased 24 percent compared to Q3 2015,
reinforcing the need for consumers to have appropriate protection to help
protect their devices and digital lives.

"McAfee Mobile Security offers award-winning protection for mobile devices, so
it's no surprise that smartphone manufacturer LG chose it to help protect its G4
and now G5 smartphones," said John Giamatteo, corporate vice president at Intel
Security. "As LG's customers turn to mobile devices and mobile applications to
enrich their lives, we will offer them innovative solutions to help protect
their devices, their digital lives and allow them to connect to the Internet
more securely and with confidence."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                            April 23, 2016 Saturday

Innovative LG UX 5.0 to offer advanced features

LENGTH: 155  words


With the imminent consumer rollout of the new LG G5, LG Electronics (LG) will
also be introducing a new version of its mobile user interface, LG UX 5.0.
Designed for a more playful and innovative mobile experience, LG UX 5.0 will
offer advanced features and greater convenience not only for LG G5 users but
owners of upcoming smartphone models as well.

Based on Android's latest Marshmallow OS, LG UX 5.0 conveys LG's philosophy on
the future of mobiles. LG UX 5.0 is an enjoyable, enhanced and user-centric UX
that supports easy connection for optimal control of LG Friends and delivers a
more convenient and powerful experience by adding new functions that allow users
to enjoy the G5 to its maximum potential. "We analyzed the lifestyle of
smartphone users to provide a superior mobile experience and greatly expanded
the usability with LG UX 5.0," said Juno Cho, president and CEO of LG
Electronics Mobile Communications Company

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Phone has a cool set of Friends

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION, COLUMN; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 576 words


LG'S G5 is the latest in a tsunami of premium smartphones.

It is arguably the Korean company's most original and exciting handset since the
LG Chocolate was released in the Dark Ages (2006).

)Here's why: It's what LG calls a modular phone.

odular N? the SO WHAT'S THAT, THEN? It's a clever design which means you can
customise handset.

You slide out the base of the phone and replace with different gadgets (LG calls
them Friends) to add functionality and features.

it G dd th deto tter right So a chunky clip-on with an extra battery inside
makes the phone easier use as a camera - the shutter button on the add-on is
under your index finger.

GOT ANY MORE FRIENDS? NDS? but LG best of Yes, since you ask. The battery life
is good on the G5 has cleverly built the both worlds - slide the battery out and
slide a new one in that comes with its own charger and power pack.

The coolest Friend of all is a clip-on music gadget designed with premium audio
company, Bang & Olufsen. It's called the Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play and it turns
the audio you hear through headphones into high-end heaven.

IT LOOKS VERY DIFFERENT TO EARLIER LG PHONES ... It really does. Even without
the modular features, this is a slick, slim phone that's light and comfy in the
hand.

Like the G4, the power button is built into the back of the handset so your
finger touches it as you pick it up. It's handy because the power button is a
fingerprint sensor so it unlocks the phone, too.

WHY THE WEIRD-LOOKING CAMERA ON THE BACK? Well spotted. The G5 has two cameras.
Here, there's a regular 16MP camera on the left and an 8MP wide-angle lens on
the right. It takes 135-degree photos, which is wider than the human eye can
see.

WHAT ABOUT SELFIES? The front-facing camera is an 8MP sensor - not bad for a
selfie camera. And LG isn't one to miss out on a new feature. Before, if you
made a gesture, it would trigger the shutter. Now, you just raise the phone and
as soon as it recognises a face, it shoots.

WHAT'S THE SCREEN LIKE? Glad you asked. The 5.3in display is glorious, not least
thanks to a staggeringly high resolution - 554 pixels per inch (ppi), against
the iPhone 6s which already looks great with just 326ppi.

In other words, this is an amazingly crisp, sharp display. This is an always-on
display, too - you can set the screen to show the time, all the time, so you're
not constantly waking it up to see how long until home time.

ANY OTHER COOL FEATURES? A Daylight mode means that when you walk from a dim
room to the bright outdoors, a light sensor will brighten the screen
automatically.

COLOURS, STORAGE OPTIONS AND PRICES The LG G5 comes in three colours - Titan,
which is grey and looks cool, Gold, which is even cooler and silver, which is
exclusive to Carphone Warehouse. It's currently available for preorder but will
be in the shops this week. EE has Gold and Titan with an upfront cost of £9.99
on a £39.99 tariff which includes 4GB of data, or £29.99 a month for 1GB data
and an upfront cost of £99.99.

It's free on O2's £32-a-month tariff, though there's only 500MB data and it's
only available in Titan. Vodafone's £29-a-month contract, including 1GB of data,
is £49 upfront - also Titan only.

Carphone Warehouse has the phone available without contract for £499.99.

SO WHAT'S THE VERDICT? LG has really gone out on a limb to create the G5. The
cameras are pretty neat and the phone feels and looks great.

This is LG's classiest, most intriguing phone to date - well worth a look.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SMART ... the LG G5 and, inset, its gadget Friends

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics' profit jumps on strong appliance sales

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 28 -- LG Electronics Inc. reported a stunning jump in its
first-quarter earnings as its high-end home appliance sales offset a loss for
its smartphone business.

The South Korean company said Thursday it earned 191 billion won ($168 million)
in the January-March period, compared with 2 billion won a year earlier. The
results were its best since mid-2014.

Operating profit jumped 66 percent to 505 billion won ($443 million) even as
sales declined 5 percent to 13.4 trillion won ($11.8 billion).

The big jump shows that LG's efforts to burnish its reputation as a premium home
appliance maker are paying off.

LG's high-end refrigerators, washing machines and other home appliances
contributed most to its bottom line while premium TVs made of advanced displays
called OLED also improved its margin.

Mobile business however lost money due to marketing expenses to promote the new
G5 smartphone. The launch of the G5 smartphone weighed on sales of the older
flagship phones, it said. The G5 received huge attention with its modular
design. The bottom of the phone pops out to let users swap in new hardware such
as a camera grip with physical shutter buttons.

LG forecast improved sales and profitability for the second quarter as it
continues to focus on its premium home appliance brand, called LG Signature, and
expand global sales of the G5 smartphone.

Credit : Associated Press (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Huawei P9 vs LG G5: Battle of the dual-wielders

BYLINE: Gwyn D'Mello

LENGTH: 464  words


With the launch of the Huawei P9, it looks as though smartphones are starting
down a path that will eventually see dual cameras as standard fare. Indeed, the
P9 is not the first handset this year to feature a dual rear camera and, if
rumours are are to be believed, it certainly won't be the last.

So let's compare the new kid on the bock with it's slightly older cousin, the LG
G5, released earlier in April. At first look, both devices have largely similar
specifications, though there are some key differences.

The Huawei P9 packs a 2.5GHz HiSilicon Kirin 955 octa-core processor, with a
Mali-T880MP4 GPU, 3GB of RAM, and 32GB internal storage (expandable to 128GB).
The LG G5 meanwhile has a 2.15GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Quad-core processor,
with an Adreno 530 GPU, 4GB RAM, and 32GB storage (expandable up to 256GB). Both
smartphones offer expandable storage via a hybrid second nano SIM slot.

As far as the display and cameras go, the P9 features a 5.2-inch full HD
(1920x1080) display at 423ppi. It has dual 12MP f/2.2 rear cameras with phase
detection autofocus and dual-tone LED flash, and a 8MP f/2.4 front cam. The G5
has a 5.3-inch quad HD (2560x1440) display at 554ppi and a 8MP f/2.0 front cam.
The G5 also features a dual camera setup, with a 16MP f/1.8 and a 8MP f/2.4
camera on the rear, but not for the same function as the P9. But we'll get to
that in a bit.

Lastly, the P9 is powered by a 3000mAh battery and runs EMUI 4.1 on top of
Android 6.0. The G5 meanwhile is powered by a smaller 2800mAh battery and runs
UXUI 5.0 running on Android 6.0 Both smartphones have dual SIM and $G support,
as well as an integrated fingerprint scanner.

While the Huawei P9 might rank slightly higher with their choice of processor
and battery size, it's really with the camera that it outshines the LG G5. The
G5's secondary rear camera is an 8MP wide angle. Smartphone cameras are locked
at a zoom level, because there's no way to properly integrate a lens zoom into
the minimal space available, and digital zoom trades off on quality. The wide
angle then serves to incorporate a wider frame in the picture, while the main
camera can capture details.

In the case of the P9. both rear cameras are 12MP but work in tandem for a
picture. One sensor captures colour input for the image, while the other
measures the lighting in the scene. Both images are then integrated into the
final photo, helping to preserve quality. It's thanks to this that we believe
the P9 makes the superior smartphone, on top of which it's also the cheaper
option. The P9 costs Rs 39,999 to the G5's Rs 47,990.

The Huawei P9 is available right now exclusively on FLipkart, or offline at
Croma. The device comes with Ceramic White, Prestige Gold Haze Gold, Rose Gold,
Mystic Silver and Titanium Grey colour option

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             April 10, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Phone has a cool set of Friends

SECTION: Pg. 41

LENGTH: 564 words


LG'S G5 is the latest in a tsunami of premium smartphones.

It is arguably the Korean company's most original and exciting handset since the
LG Chocolate was released in the Dark Ages (2006).

Here's why: It's what LG calls a modular phone.

SO WHAT'S THAT, THEN?

It's a clever design which means you can customise handset.

You slide out the base of the phone and replace with different gadgets (LG calls
them Friends) to add functionality and features.

So a chunky clip-on with an extra battery inside makes the phone easier use as a
camera - the shutter button on the add-on is under your index finger.

GOT ANY MORE FRIENDS?

Yes, since you ask. The battery life is good on the G5 has cleverly built the
both worlds - slide the battery out and slide a new one in that comes with its
own charger and power pack.

The coolest Friend of all is a clip-on music gadget designed with premium audio
company, Bang & Olufsen. It's called the Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play and it turns
the audio you hear through headphones into high-end heaven.

IT LOOKS VERY DIFFERENT TO EARLIER LG PHONES ...

It really does. Even without the modular features, this is a slick, slim phone
that's light and comfy in the hand.

Like the G4, the power button is built into the back of the handset so your
finger touches it as you pick it up. It's handy because the power button is a
fingerprint sensor so it unlocks the phone, too.

WHY THE WEIRD-LOOKING CAMERA ON THE BACK?

Well spotted. The G5 has two cameras. Here, there's a regular 16MP camera on the
left and an 8MP wide-angle lens on the right. It takes 135-degree photos, which
is wider than the human eye can see.

WHAT ABOUT SELFIES?

The front-facing camera is an 8MP sensor - not bad for a selfie camera. And LG
isn't one to miss out on a new feature. Before, if you made a gesture, it would
trigger the shutter. Now, you just raise the phone and as soon as it recognises
a face, it shoots.

WHAT'S THE SCREEN LIKE?

Glad you asked. The 5.3in display is glorious, not least thanks to a
staggeringly high resolution - 554 pixels per inch (ppi), against the iPhone 6s
which already looks great with just 326ppi.

In other words, this is an amazingly crisp, sharp display. This is an always-on
display, too - you can set the screen to show the time, all the time, so you're
not constantly waking it up to see how long until home time.

ANY OTHER COOL FEATURES?

A Daylight mode means that when you walk from a dim room to the bright outdoors,
a light sensor will brighten the screen automatically.

COLOURS, STORAGE OPTIONS AND PRICES T

he LG G5 comes in three colours - Titan, which is grey and looks cool, Gold,
which is even cooler and silver, which is exclusive to Carphone Warehouse. It's
currently available for preorder but will be in the shops this week. EE has Gold
and Titan with an upfront cost of £9.99 on a £39.99 tariff which includes 4GB of
data, or £29.99 a month for 1GB data and an upfront cost of £99.99.

It's free on O2's £32-a-month tariff, though there's only 500MB data and it's
only available in Titan. Vodafone's £29-a-month contract, including 1GB of data,
is £49 upfront - also Titan only.

Carphone Warehouse has the phone available without contract for £499.99.

SO WHAT'S THE VERDICT?

LG has really gone out on a limb to create the G5. The cameras are pretty neat
and the phone feels and looks great.

This is LG's classiest, most intriguing phone to date - well worth a look.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SMART ... the LG G5 and, inset, its gadget Friends

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                  May 31, 2016

Intel security to safeguard new LG G5

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 269  words


NEW DELHI: Intel Security has announced McAfee Mobile Security will be
pre-installed on the latest smartphone from LG Electronics, the LG G5, to enable
users to connect with more confidence.

This extends an existing agreement whereby LG Electronics selected McAfee Mobile
Security to help protect against security threats and provide theft protection
for its G4 smartphone. With the pre-installed application, LG G5 users will
enjoy antivirus and anti-theft benefits as well as enhanced privacy settings,
enabling them to experience the mobile world with greater confidence.

"As we become increasingly connected, mobile devices are the tip of the spear
for new hacking methods. Intel Security's Mobile Threat Report recently found
that three million mobile devices were affected by malware solely through mobile
app stores over the past six months," the statement said.

Additionally, Intel Security found that in Q4 2015 mobile malware samples
increased 24 percent compared to Q3 2015, reinforcing the need for consumers to
have appropriate protection to help protect their devices and digital lives.

"McAfee Mobile Security offers award-winning protection for mobile devices, so
it's no surprise that smartphone manufacturer LG chose it to help protect its G4
and now G5 smartphones," said John Giamatteo, corporate vice president at Intel
Security.

"As LG's customers turn to mobile devices and mobile applications to enrich
their lives, we will offer them innovative solutions to help protect their
devices, their digital lives and allow them to connect to the Internet more
securely and with confidence," said Giamatteo.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

'LG G5' review: Gives a taste of modularity paired with powerful performance

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 776 words


Expensive flagship phones really have to be perfect don't they? Even the
slightest blemish can be amplified to almost comical levels. We've seen some
fantastic premium flagships this year - Samsung's S7 edge, Apple's iPhone 6S and
HTC's 10. This is space that LG will be competing in, evident from the fairly
high price tag.

However, it doesn't come in empty handed - the G5 is the first to actually
include a modular design - not only can you remove the battery, it is compatible
with some additional accessories called 'Friends'. More on that in a bit. In
addition, there are some nifty camera tricks, thanks to the dual lens setup on
the rear camera. But let's move on to the device.

As you might know, the G5 is part of a series of flagships from LG. This is the
first in the series with a full metal unibody design. A special process gives
the metal a softer 'feel' though it might also fool some into thinking that it's
plastic.

One of LG's signature design elements - volume + power on the back panel - is
gone! Now you have the volume rocker on the left and the circular fingerprint
scanner on the back (which also works as the power button when you click it). We
wish LG had kept volume on the back panel as well - it's convenient (not to
mention second nature for Android phones) to have volume and power buttons next
to each other.

Up front, the screen takes up most of the space and it curves down at the top.
The curve doesn't serve any purpose other than design. On top, you'll see the
headphone jack and an IR emitter. Speaker and USB type C port are on the bottom
while the dual camera module and fingerprint scanner are on the back. The
scanner is slightly raised and has a chrome ring, making it easier to find.

There are no antenna lines visible - just some tiny 'gaps' in the metal around
the periphery. Towards the bottom, there's a tiny button that sits flush with
the frame - press this in and it detaches the removable module. The battery will
also slide out -which means this is one of the few flagships with a removable
battery.

A couple of modular Friends have been announced - for the camera and audio. The
camera module has a tiny battery inside - it adds a physical shutter button and
a nicer camera-like grip. The audio enhancement module by B&O supposedly works
to improve audio quality. We couldn't get to test these out till the time of
going to press. The idea is that LG and third-party can design more of these
Friends to work with the G5 and possibly future LG flagships. Seems like a good
idea but hinges on LG selling a significant number of G5's to begin with.

The camera is one of the highlights of the device. The primary camera is a 16MP
unit with optical image stabilization, f1.8 aperture and laser autofocus. This
is a brilliant camera that captures loads of detail in most conditions.

The wide aperture gives a nice depth of field. The second lens is an 8MP with
f2.0 aperture and ultra wide angle of view. It has a 135-degree field of view
and you'll be surprised at how much you can fit into the frame with this.

Even in a small space, you will likely capture the entire area. This camera
works best outdoors. The camera app offers loads of features too: time lapse,
manual mode, panorama, RAW image capture, HDR, film effect and some interesting
pop-out and multiview modes (these modes use both cameras simultaneously). The
G5 also has the amazing Snapdragon 820 with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage. It can
tackle any sort of app or game without a hiccup.

The interface is powered by Android 6.0.1 - not much bloatware and there are
some nice extras: you can have five on-screen buttons for instance, there are
handy phone management tools built in, a very nice universal remote app and even
a way to re-install recently uninstalled apps if you deleted something by
mistake. Battery life is about a day with normal use though it might need a
charge by late evening if you're a heavy user. Luckily, it does support fast
charging.

Undoubtedly, there are some things that are really great about the G5 - but
there are also some things that have no place in a Rs50k + smartphone. For
starters, the build quality. There is a very significant, sharp ridge at the
place where the battery module detaches from the phone. The screen is good but
it has thicker bezels than we're used to.

The modular functionality is very limited and the current Friends are expensive
add-ons. So it's a tough call to take. Our vote still goes to the S7 edge (for
simply brilliant design, quality and unparalleled camera) or the iPhone 6S Plus
(for a better overall experience, including battery, OS, apps and camera).

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday

LG declares 'niche player' in mobile

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 464 words


LG Electronics' mobile devices chief Cho Juno talks to Korean media about the
company's business strategies on the sidelines of this year's Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, Spain, last week . / Courtesy of LG Electronics

BARCELONA, Spain - LG Electronics has adopted a new business strategy in the
mobile arena as the LG Group's technology affiliate wants to become a
'niche-player' in the handset market.

'What LG Electronics should do is release unique and appealing products to help
consumers widen their choice in a market led by Samsung and Apple,' LG's mobile
devices chief Cho Juno said last week on the sidelines of this year's mobile
expo, Barcelona, Spain.

The remarks were seen as a move not to directly compete with Samsung by shipment
volume but to create more 'LG fanboys.'

'LG's branding strategy isn't to seek for volume growth but to have more LG fans
for brand loyalty,' Cho said.

While Samsung's Galaxy S7 made little surface changes to its predecessor -
Galaxy S6 - the LG G5 has adopted a modular-type detachable design in what LG
officials say is part of the company strategy for alliances with third-party
developers and device manufacturers.

According to the executive, its transition was due to the lukewarm response of
its G4 smartphone.

'The G4 failed to make a real difference. I think LG Electronics can't compete
with existing leaders, effectively, with the same marketing plan. Appealing
hardware specifications won't work for LG,' Cho said.

LG was the leader in an era of feature phones, devices with sleek and appealing
design; however, it was late in entering the smartphone business, costing the
company a lot. Now, due to the rise of cheap Chinese manufacturers, LG's global
position in the smartphone industry is out of the 'top 5.'

Cho didn't mention about the sales target for the G5; rather, he said LG will
invest more to put third-party developers into its own ecosystem.

The LG G5 is able to connect to a lot of external devices. Cho said it will
release 'new friends' and offer competition programs for application developers.
The G5 will be available from late March.

Unlike LG, Samsung Electronics showed its confidence to lead over rivals in the
competition for volume growth - the Galaxy S7 has enhanced camera and display
functions. With the collaboration of Facebook, Samsung plans to recover its
share in China, the world's biggest smarpthone market, which was taken by
Chinese rivals such as Xiaomi.

Samsung's mobile chief Ko Dong-jin said the initial response to the Galaxy S7
'was good,' adding that sales will be far better than those of the S6.

'It will be interesting to see if LG's strategy to become a niche player works.
It seems smart given LG's status - being unable to grow its smartphone business
as it did before,' said an official.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Mobile surprises from unlikely sources

BYLINE: DAVID SWAN, MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 647  words


The sheer scale and insanity of Barcelona's Mobile World Congress is testament
to the impact mobile technology is having on the world. The conference is as
fragmented, diverse and fast-paced as the technology ecosystem it represents and
absorbing it in its entirety is impossible in five days. What you do get instead
is a peek at the products and ideas that are likely to change our lives over
coming months and years - some small, some significant. Of the plethora of
gadgets on display these three offerings stood out.

LG's G5 smartphone I wasn't expecting a lot from LG this year. The South Korean
giant had a middling 2015, with its G4 flagship smartphone underperforming
sales-wise despite being a great device and the company posting losses of tens
of millions of dollars. And the G series itself hadn't seen a great deal of
evolution, taking the solid but uninspiring route of bigger screen sizes and
modest design changes with each update. Not any more. LG has defied expectations
and is daring to innovate, announcing a modular flagship handset that will allow
users to swap out accessories - dubbed "Friends" - to upgrade or change their
phone as much as they want. You simply snap off the bottom of the phone, slide
out a module with the battery, take the battery off and attach it to a new
module. LG has so far only announced two modules - a "CAM Plus" camera controls
module, and "Hi-Fi Plus" dedicated DAC module for superior audio, but says there
are plenty more coming. The G5 is that rare smartphone upgrade that offers a lot
more than just a bigger slab of glass; LG has made a statement with its G5 here
at Mobile World Congress but it remains to be seen whether it's one that will
reverberate beyond the conference floor. The G5 is coming to Australia sometime
in April.

HP's Elite X3 Again, I was not expecting innovation from the likes of
Hewlett-Packard. HP's X3 is a bold enterprise--focused smartphone designed not
to just be your next phone, but your next computer, too. Running Windows 10, the
X3 is the latest device to use Microsoft's "Continuum" software, which detects
how the phone is being used and automatically adjusts the interface.

It boasts all the usual flagship features one would want from a high-end
smartphone - 5.9-inch display, 16-megapixel rear camera and dual front-facing
speakers developed with Bang and Olufsen, but like LG's G5 it's the accessories
that make the X3 special. Users who want a full laptop experience can buy the
"HP Mobile Extender", an accessory that plugs the phone into a 12.5-inch
laptop-like device, effectively making the phone a laptop.

Meanwhile, the "HP Desk Dock" - about the size of a hockey puck - comes with a
DisplayPort to power one monitor (up to 1080p resolution) along with an Ethernet
port, two USB-A ports and one USB-C port. You provide the monitor, mouse and
keyboard and you've got yourself a desktop computer. It's all a bit confusing
but it's adventurous, and HP should be applauded for that.

Oppo's fast battery charging Despite all the gains made in areas like camera
quality and screen resolution, battery life still feels like a sore point for
smartphones. It was all too common to see conference attendees wandering around
looking for power-points or lugging their phone around plugged into a portable
power pack for extra juice. So when Chinese technology firm Oppo announced a new
version of its ultra-fast charging technology that promises to fully charge your
phone in just 15 minutes, people took notice. The company says its "Super Vooc
Flash Charge" will get your battery level from 0 to 100 per cent in just a
quarter of an hour. The technology will probably only be available on Oppo
phones initially, but there's no real reason it couldn't be adopted more widely
across the industry and help ease our battery nightmares.David Swan went to
Mobile World Congress as a guest of Huawei.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- South Korea's handset maker LG on Sunday unveiled its first
modular smartphone, the G5, in Barcelona in a bid to counter competition from
its major rival Samsung.


 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 LG is banking on its G5 to counter competition from fellow South Korean
Samsung, the world's top handset maker that is due to unveil its own S7
smartphone on Sunday evening on the eve of the start of the Mobile World
Congress, the top annual trade show for wireless devices.
 The G5 will be launched at the same time on LG's main markets, CEO Juno Cho
told reporters in Barcelona, without detailing exactly where and when.
 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 "We think smartphones' best days are still ahead," said Juno Cho, despite
slowing growing demand that saw rival Samsung's fourth quarter net profits drop
and Apple's iPhone sales rise slower than ever in the same period.
 Meanwhile LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on
the back of a global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile
sector.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set

LENGTH: 250  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 23 -- South Korea's handset maker LG on Sunday unveiled its
first modular smartphone, the G5, in Barcelona in a bid to counter competition
from its major rival Samsung.


 The new premium model - made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced - comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 LG is banking on its G5 to counter competition from fellow South Korean
Samsung, the world's top handset maker that is due to unveil its own S7
smartphone on Sunday evening on the eve of the start of the Mobile World
Congress, the top annual trade show for wireless devices.
 The G5 will be launched at the same time on LG's main markets, CEO Juno Cho
told reporters in Barcelona, without detailing exactly where and when.
 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 "We think smartphones' best days are still ahead," said Juno Cho, despite
slowing growing demand that saw rival Samsung's fourth quarter net profits drop
and Apple's iPhone sales rise slower than ever in the same period.
 Meanwhile LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on
the back of a global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile
sector.
 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG launches Stylus Plus 2 smartphone with 5.7-inch Full HD display

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 256 words


NEW DELHII: LG has launched its Stylus Plus 2 smartphone in Taiwan. Priced at
$334, the smartphone will be available in Titan, Gold and Brown colour options.
The company has also revealed that it will soon begin selling the device in
Asia, South America and North America.On the specifications front, the LG Stylus
Plus 2 sports a 5.7-inch Full HD display with 1080x1920 pixel resolution.

It is powered by a 1.4GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 processor coupled
with 2GB/3GB of RAM. The smartphone offers 16GB/32GB of internal storage which
can be further expanded up to 32GB via microSD card.LG Stylus Plus 2 runs
Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system and has a fingerprint sensor as well.
The device sports a 16MP rear camera with LED flash and an 8MP front shooter.
Connectivity options of the handset include 4G, LTE, 3G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and
GPS. It is backed by a 3,000 mAh battery and comes with a Pen Keeper which
prevents the included stylus from being misplaced. In addition, the device also
show a pop-up message if it is moved without the stylus in place.Recently, LG
launched its flagship smartphone G5 in India. Priced at Rs 52,990, the LG G5 has
a modular design as its highlight feature. The companion modules are called as
'Friends'.The G5 sports an aluminum unibody modular design with a slide-out
battery. The battery of can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module to
it. It comes with an additional 1,200 mAh battery which adds to the G5's
standard 2,800 mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

5 smartphones: how they compare;
Some contend in the realm of modular 'building block.';
GIZMO GUY

BYLINE: ByJon Takiff

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 888 words


The LG G5 (far left) did best at juggling indoor and outdoor lighting conditions
in this shoot out with an Apple 6S, HTC 10, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Siam 7X.

The competition for smart-phone superiority seems especially fierce.

Hearing the call, Gizmo Guy has been walking around with four strong pocket pal
contenders: an LG G5, Samsung Galaxy S7, iPhone 6S, and HTC 10. I've also been
toting an oddball from an upstart called Siam that dares challenge the status
quo.

If shopping, you ought to study the pack, too. The once-omnipotent iPhone no
longer holds all the "best innovator" cards. Could be that's why its sales and
stock are down now for the first time in ages.

Outside the box. Take the fresh and growing concept of smartphone as a modular
"building block." We love how a Galaxy S7 transforms itself when stuffed into
Samsung's Gear VR goggles, the phone becoming the engine and display, driving
the wonderful world of virtual reality.

Now the just-sprung LG G5 takes the modular mission further. Pop off the phone's
bottom edge and you can plug in one of several components (LG calls them
"friends") that upgrade or transform this trim multitasker. These include:

? An accessory camera component (LG Cam Plus) brings a better grip, extended
battery run time, and easier control functionality.

? Bang & Olufsen is pairing with LG on Hi-Fi Plus, a G5 module packing an
upgraded digital-to-analog audio converter and better headphone amp.

? LG's 360 VR is a plug-in that harnesses the G5's brain power to VR goggles
equipped with its own (not shared) display screen. Slim, light, and boasting a
high PPI (pixels per inch) image resolution, these VR glasses should prove more
comfortable than others for long-use applications, say, watching (or jumping
into) movies on a cross-country plane ride.

Better pictures. LG has also won my heart with a novel dual-lens camera rig
implanted on the "shooter side" (back) of the G5. The array lets you grab two
views of the same scene without moving an inch.

The standard lens, taking in a viewing angle of 78 degrees, captures close-up
pictures with a 16 MP sensor. This fast whippersnapper took the sharpest, most
detailed images of all surveyed in our five-smartphone shootout. A touch of a
screen icon shifts gears, activating a wide-angle lens with a viewing angle of
135 degrees and 8 MP sensor (not shabby). It's dandy for capturing expansive
views, embracing a bigger crowd or scene.

Not coincidentally, the LG G5 also made the best selfies (8 MP) and sported the
strongest flash in our survey. But in color accuracy it came in third, bested by
the Samsung and second-place iPhone 6S.

Better sound. The HTC 10 is a music buff's best option. Besides a standard-issue
bottom-edge speaker, HTC repurposes the smartphone's ear speaker for
high-frequency music playback, turning it into a "two-way" speaker. Not hi-fi,
but less prone to the vocal "fizzies" that run rampant through the species.

And there's more to the HTC 10's "BoomSound" package. This phone has the rare
talent to record and play back music and video with high res (24 bit, 96kHz)
sound tracks.

An HTC 10 also puts out better-grade audio through its multitasking USB-C
power/control port. JBL is prepping noise-reduction sport earphones (Reflect
Aware C) to flesh out the deal.

Even listening through the old-school headphone jack, the HTC 10 sounded best of
the bunch, with the Apple iPhone 6S scoring a close second.

Ear's to you. Some users relish unlocking a smartphone with the laying on of a
fingertip/print. But with my thin-skinned digits, this tech fails often. So I
was really hoping the novel user recognition promised in the fledgling Siam 7X
phone would rescue me.

Siam uses the unique shape of each user's ear to recognize its owner, first
taking a picture of your ear, then validating it the next time you swing the
phone "home." If only it worked! "Give us a few more weeks," said the firm's
chief cook, Darius Allen.

Also novel: Siam slaps a second, monochromatic, low-energy-consuming 4.7-inch
e-ink screen on the phone's back side. In theory, you could have an e-book
running back there, flip the phone over to take a call or look something up on
the main 5-inch color screen, then flip back to keep reading. But with the
current state of its operating system, only one screen is active at a time,
switching is tedious, and, oops, there's no support for third-party content
suppliers such as Kindle.

Screens and things. While we're on the topic, let it be said that the Samsung
S7's OLED screen technology offers the best contrast of the bunch. And did we
mention it's waterproof?

Still, there's a trade-off. The iPhone 6S's Retina display is a tad brighter in
the default setting. And all the LED contenders are easy on the eyes - even the
lower-resolution (720p) Siam.

Run time remains the Apple's Achilles heel. The larger-capacity batteries and
faster charging times of the first-tier rivals are significant.

While an iPhone 6S barely makes it through my day on the internal 1715 mAh
battery pack, a Samsung S7 and HTC10 boast a 3000 mAh battery, and the LG G5 has
2800 mAh. Since you only get 500 charges for the typical phone battery, those
that run longer will likely last longer.

P.S.: All tech aside, you need to consider ease of use. On that front, for the
moment, the iPhone 6S is still the Apple of my eye.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              138 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: HTC 10 vs Samsung Galaxy S7 vs LG G5 (Specifications Showdown)

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 226 words


NEW DELHI: HTC launched its flagship smartphone for 2016 dubbed as. The
Taiwanese manufacturer dropped its usual One or M branding for this one. Going
by the specifications, the handset packs in all the essential features of a
flagship device.

We compared it to the other flagships -and-- launched this year. DisplayHTC 10:
5.2-inch QHD displaySamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch AMOLED displayLG G5: 5.3-inch
QHD displayProcessorHTC10: 1.8Ghz 64-bit octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon
processorSamsung Galaxy S7: 64-bit octa-core Exynos processor LG G5: quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon processorOperating SystemHTC10: Android 6.0 Marshmallow
Samsung Galaxy S7: Android 6.0 MarshmallowLG G5: Android 6.0
MarshmallowRAMHTC10: 4GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 4GBLG G5: 4GBStorageHTC10:
32GB/64GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32GB/64GBLG G5: 32GBCameraHTC10: 12MP UltraPixel
rear camera with LED flash, 5MP front cameraSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP rear camera
with LED flash, 5MP front cameraLG G5: 16MP rear camera with LED flash, 8MP
front cameraConnectivityHTC 10: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct, DLNA,
hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFCSamsung Galaxy S7: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi
Direct, hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFCLG G5: 4G, Wi-Fi, dual-band, Wi-Fi Direct,
hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, NFC, InfraredBatteryHTC10: 3,000 mAhSamsung Galaxy S7:
3,000 mAhLG G5: 2,800 mAh

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Jason Statham plays every character in LG's new global campaign

LENGTH: 242  words


YEREVAN, APRIL 1, ARMENPRESS. Action movie star Jason Statham appears as every
single character featured in a new global ad campaign for LG Electronics,
"Armenpress" reports citing Campaign website.

The 60-second ad, to promote LG's new G5 smartphone, sees the actor taking on
multiple roles, ranging from a bank robber to a baby, in a fast-moving film
created by Energy BBDO.

The star ofThe TransporterandThe Expendablesassumes his multiple identities to
use the G5 in various playful ways, such as attaching it to other devices to
turn it into an easy-grip camera or a Hi-Fi audio system.

The ad was written by Miller Jones and art directed by Aaron Pendleton. It was
directed by Fredrik Bond through MJZ and will air in the UK, as well as LG's
other key markets in Europe, North America, Latin America and East Asia.

Arena Media picked up the bulk of LG's global media planning and buying
businessin 2013 after a competitive pitch. Mindshare retained the North American
account following a review.

Chris Yie, the vice president and head of marketing communications for LG Mobile
Communications Company, said: "Since its unveiling at Mobile World Congress,
we've heard from many who say they've been waiting for a phone like the G5.

"With the G5, our intention is to show how smartphones can go beyond just being
a communication device and deliver a playful mobile experience that can enrich
our lives."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/354/1176/21/145953460125.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2016 Armenpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

LG flourishes while Moto struggles in the US

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 784  words


As I mentioned in my last blog post, so much attention is paid to the epic
tension between Apple and Samsung, we often ignore other players in the market,
especially in the US. In the three months ending June 2016, Samsung accounted
for 35% of smartphone sales and Apple 32%. Following in third was LG at 14%,
with Motorola fourth at 5%.

For LG, this represents a steady upward trend over the past two years, doubling
in share from the second quarter of 2014 at 7%. On the other hand, for Motorola,
this represents a similar share seen prior to the launch of the original
iteration of the Moto X in the 3rd quarter of 2015, and down from 10% from the
1st quarter of 2016. With constant comparisons now being made between the LG G5
and the upcoming Moto Z Droid, let's look at these two often overlooked players
and what success means for them.

LG leverages LG G5 and prepaid market

The LG G5 was released in the US on April 1, following its introduction at
Mobile World Congress as the first "modular" phone to reach the market. These
modules, however, require that the battery be removed each time, and the LG
Hi-Fi Plus (one of the cooler modules available) will never come to the US. In
its first quarter of sales, the LG G5 was the 10th best-selling smartphone in
the US at 2.2% and the best-selling LG smartphone in the market at 15.3%. It
supplants the LG G4, which had been LG's top-selling phone since Q3 2015, and
before that, the LG G3 (its flagship model released two years ago).

All that being said, LG's growth in the US has not depended completely on its
latest flagship, but also on shifts we've seen in the market landscape over the
past two years. When we look past the LG G5 and its predecessors, LG's next
best-selling devices are in the mid- and lower range of the market, including
the LG K7, LG Leon, and the LG Sunset/Sunrise. These models are not typically
available through the Big Four carriers but through smaller, prepaid carriers
like MetroPCS, Boost Mobile, and TracFone. Forty-six percent of LG connections
are prepaid, the highest of any manufacturer seen in the US. And these other
carriers now represent 26% of smartphone connections in the US, up from 20% two
years ago. In the six months ending June 2016, LG is the top-selling
manufacturer on MetroPCS (40%), Boost (31%) and TracFone (34%).

Moto's transition-driven lull

That brings us to Motorola, which continues to foster a close relationship with
Verizon but also has made a push to smaller carriers including TracFone,
Consumer Cellular and Republic Wireless. In fact, of Motorola smartphones
purchased in the second quarter of 2016, 46% are connected to Verizon and 44%
are connected to a smaller carrier rather than AT&T, Sprint or T-Mobile. The
Moto G and Moto E are the best-selling Moto phones connected to these smaller
carriers, while the Droid Turbo 2 (released in October 2015) remains the
top-selling device connected to Verizon.

So, what accounts for Motorola's lower share this quarter? First, with any
manufacturer that announces a new flagship phone, sales will drop in the period
proceeding as consumers wait to see if the latest device is worth upgrading to.
Second, and this should come as a surprise to no one, a period of transition is
expected between ownership under Google to ownership under Lenovo. The Motorola
name is no more, replaced by Moto. The latest versions of the Moto G, the G4 and
G Plus, were released in developing markets first and only became available to
US consumers in July, exclusively through the Moto Maker. The Moto X series has
been discontinued.

As for what likely will be the first true test of the new Moto, the launch of
the Moto Z Droid, announced at Lenovo Tech World in June as the first truly
"modular" phone and exclusive to Verizon, what's its potential to jump-start
Moto growth?

Of current Motorola smartphone owners, 38% intend to change their device in the
next year. Sixty-four percent of these consumers are on Verizon. While a
majority, 58%, of Motorola smartphone owners intend to stay loyal, this is a far
lower rate than Samsung owners (85%) and Apple (92%), but higher than LG owners,
of whom only 51% intend to stay loyal. Battery life will be most important to
these potential Moto consumers, cited by 89%, a potential boost for their
modular design with the promise of 22 hours of extra battery using the offGRID
power pack. What remains to be seen is whether these Moto Mods, or the Moto Z
Droid, will be enough to revive Motorola's share.

Written by Lauren Guenveur,Mobile Analyst Kantar Worldpanel

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/60/147123524228.jpg

LG flourishes while Moto struggles in the US

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/68/147123524447.png



LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2016 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5 unveiled

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 22 -- Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and LG Electronics Inc
unveiled their latest smartphones at the Mobile World Congress industry show in
Barcelona on Sunday, seeking to buck the slowdown in industry growth.

Phone makers face another tough year in 2016 as subdued global growth and
persisting currency weakness in key emerging markets sap consumers' spending
power. A push by Chinese manufacturers to expand overseas amid slowing growth in
their domestic market may also undercut margins further, reports Reuters.

In a bid to recapture market share, Samsung launched two new versions of its
Galaxy S smartphone and brought in Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg
for a surprise appearance to tout the potential of virtual reality, prompting
hundreds of people to rush to the stage to record the moment.

LG, which lost money from its mobile business last year as its flagship products
struggled, introduced a modular design to its new G5 smartphones that allows
users to replace or upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

It also launched a virtual reality headset and accessories including a drone
controller to pair with the G5.

Analysts and investors cheered LG's features, which they said were different
enough to possibly revive sales, but were lukewarm about Samsung's offerings,
saying they only featured incremental upgrades.

"I think it's possible for LG's mobile business to recover on its new product
launch, since they delivered significant changes with the G5," said Seoul-based
HDC Asset Management fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The Galaxy S7, however, doesn't seem to be creating as much buzz," Park said.

Samsung shares were down 1.3 per cent as of 0212 GMT, underperforming a 0.2 per
cent fall for the broader market, while LG shares were up 3 per cent.

Revamps could prove key to smartphone makers as 2016 shapes up to be another
tough year: researcher TrendForce expects the smartphone market growth to slow
to 8.1 per cent from 10.3 per cent a year earlier.

Margin pressures are also expected to intensify for the industry as Chinese
manufacturers seek to expand overseas to counter slowing domestic demand.

Samsung on Saturday said its mobile payments service, Samsung Pay, will launch
in China in March, a month after Apple launched its Apple Pay service in the
world's biggest smartphone market.

The company fell out of the top five in the world's top smartphone market last
year but hopes that its easy-to-use payments service will help it regain sales
momentum.

"The challenge you have got in the smartphone market is breaking through all
that sameness. From a design and functionality perspective, everything looks and
feels the same," said Bob O'Donnell, president of Technalysis Research.

"So the challenge is finding things that stick out."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A strange phone that lets you swop out parts

BYLINE:  Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 389 words


LG's G5 hits store shelves on Friday. Its tactic is to offer top-of-the-line
specs in a (slightly cheaper) phone than its competitors. The G5 also boasts an
unusual and experimental look - a modular design that lets you pull the bottom
off to accommodate a new battery or other accessories.

Standout feature: It has a removable battery, which makes it pretty unusual. In
fact, it's not just the battery that's removable, but the whole bottom - sort of
a first step to a truly modular smartphone that lets you swop out parts for
other hardware features you may want. For example, LG has announced a speaker
attachment it made in partnership with audio company B&O Play. The promise of
more accessories makes it an intriguing option.

Pros: The LG G5 ticks the right boxes - a big 5.3-inch display, strong software
performance and a good camera.

Along with the removable battery, it offers an SD card slot to augment the 32GB
of storage that comes standard with the device. It also has an (optional)
always-on display that can keep you up-to-date without pulling too much battery
power.

In terms of general performance, the device's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
makes it pretty snappy.

As a camera, the LG G5 also stands out by sporting two - one with a wide-angle
lens. It's a little gimmicky, but undeniably fun.

Overall, it's a strong phone with a lot of promise to become something more
interesting if LG's attempt at modularity takes off.

Cons: It's strange. There's no other way to describe it. It's not necessarily a
bad thing, but shoppers should know that LG is taking its own design cues here.

Its fingerprint sensor/power button is located on the back - there are no
buttons on the front of this device. All navigation is done through the
software.

It feels quite boxy, perhaps due to the removable slot at the bottom, which
makes less comfortable to hold than its curvier competitors. Still, its sturdy
metal body has a light, almost plastic feel.

Battery life was lacking, not quite making it through a whole day of testing -
though having the extra battery to swop is a plus.

The display is also a little less vibrant than either Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge
or the iPhone 6S Plus, but not significantly less clear. And if you're looking
specifically at Android phones, it's worth noting that this is not waterproof. -
Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 April 10, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

A strange phone but it lets you swop out parts

BYLINE:  Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 389 words


LG's G5 hits store shelves on Friday. Its tactic is to offer top-of-the-line
specs in a (slightly cheaper) phone than its competitors. The G5 also boasts an
unusual and experimental look - a modular design that lets you pull the bottom
off to accommodate a new battery or other accessories.

Standout feature: It has a removable battery, which makes it pretty unusual. In
fact, it's not just the battery that's removable, but the whole bottom - sort of
a first step to a truly modular smartphone that lets you swop out parts for
other hardware features you may want. For example, LG has announced a speaker
attachment it made in partnership with audio company B&O Play. The promise of
more accessories makes it an intriguing option.

Pros: The LG G5 ticks the right boxes - a big 5.3-inch display, strong software
performance and a good camera.

Along with the removable battery, it offers an SD card slot to augment the 32GB
of storage that comes standard with the device. It also has an (optional)
always-on display that can keep you up-to-date without pulling too much battery
power.

In terms of general performance, the device's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
makes it pretty snappy.

As a camera, the LG G5 also stands out by sporting two - one with a wide-angle
lens. It's a little gimmicky, but undeniably fun.

Overall, it's a strong phone with a lot of promise to become something more
interesting if LG's attempt at modularity takes off.

Cons: It's strange. There's no other way to describe it. It's not necessarily a
bad thing, but shoppers should know that LG is taking its own design cues here.

Its fingerprint sensor/power button is located on the back - there are no
buttons on the front of this device. All navigation is done through the
software.

It feels quite boxy, perhaps due to the removable slot at the bottom, which
makes less comfortable to hold than its curvier competitors. Still, its sturdy
metal body has a light, almost plastic feel.

Battery life was lacking, not quite making it through a whole day of testing -
though having the extra battery to swop is a plus.

The display is also a little less vibrant than either Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge
or the iPhone 6S Plus, but not significantly less clear. And if you're looking
specifically at Android phones, it's worth noting that this is not waterproof. -
Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

The modular smartphone is here

LENGTH: 891  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 2 -- You probably wouldn't be able to tell at first glance, but
LG's new flagship smartphone, the G5 represents the most significant advancement
in smartphone design in almost a decade. During this period, processors have
gotten faster and more efficient, interfaces have gotten slicker and the app
ecosystem on the two major platforms has exploded in a way few would have
foreseen. But the sealed rectangular slab form factor that the original iPhone
turned into a gold standard has seen little improvement since 2007. LG has taken
that slab and hollowed it out to enable the addition of external modules that
could add extra functionality to the device. Whether this is the beginning of
the modular smartphone revolution we've been promised or just another false
dawn, remains to be seen.


 The G5 looks pretty much like every other smartphone in the market these days.
There's a 5.3-inch Quad HD LCD that occupies most of the front surface. The rear
features the unlock button integrated in classic LG style, now with an
integrated fingerprint sensor.
 The volume buttons are back on the left edge and the right side features a
hybrid dual SIM / microSD tray. The all-metal construction does elevate its
premium quotient and the dual camera setup at the back will definitely draw
attention, but beyond that it is hard to differentiate it from any other
Android-powered rectangular slab. Until you find an unobtrusive little button at
the bottom of its left edge.
 Pressing it ejects the chin of the handset, along with the battery. You can
then opt to fill the hole in the device with a module of your choice. For
instance, the Cam Plus module made by LG, which adds a hand-grip like you'd see
on a DSLR with integrated shutter and record buttons, a zoom wheel and 1200 mAh
of extra battery capacity. LG has a couple of other modules on offer and is
opening up the specifications for third-party developers to build their own, but
unfortunately we haven't been able to get our hands on any of them.
 The flagship phone demands a flagship processor and with the thermal throttling
issues of the Qualcomm's previous generation headliner relegated to the stuff of
bad dreams, the Snapdragon 820 will be the default pick for all manufacturers in
the premium space. The G5 is no exception, pairing four Kryo processor cores
with Adreno 530 graphics, 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB of internal storage.
 The only real competition for any phone equipped with an 820 chipset is another
phone with the same chipset and for those that couldn't care less about the
benchmarks, suffice it to know that in any configuration, it passes the tests
that matter with flying colours - multitasking fluidly, never stuttering or
hanging and running any app or game you can throw at it with consummate ease.
 The LCD display is extremely bright, pixel-dense and offers fantastic viewing
angles. There is only a single speaker at the bottom but it does get pretty
loud. The fingerprint sensor on the G5 is quite accurate and extremely quick.
However, getting used to the unlock button being on the rear takes a bit of time
and practise.
 The G5's achilles heel is its battery. 2800 mAh is toeing the extreme low-end
of acceptable battery capacity, but once you throw in the fact that this handset
has an always-on display, you basically have a phone that's going to be
constantly crying out for a plugpoint. In our testing, which constitutes fairly
heavy usage involving constant push notifications, streaming music, gaming and
browsing with brightness set to auto, we did not make it through a single day
without requiring a top up.
 The dual camera setup on the rear is one of the highlights of the G5. Unlike
previous implementations we've seen, the two lenses don't work together to
produce a better image but offer different capabilities instead. The primary 16
MP sensor is unaltered from the previous-generation G4 - which offered excellent
detail, fast-focusing and good low-light performance. It continues to deliver
similar performance, which is great, but unfortunately short of the new
benchmark set by Samsung's excellent Galaxy S7. The new 8 MP sensor is paired
with a fisheye lens with a much wider field of view. Obviously, the quality of
the photos produced by this lens is significantly lower, but it is very useful
when trying to frame landscapes or large groups of people.
 LG's camera software is top-notch, offering all the features you'd expect
without cluttering the screen with unnecessary visual elements. It also offers a
few interesting options to combine the results of the two lenses.
 The G5's modular design is inevitably going to be compared with Google's
Project Ara platform. While the latter is much more ambitious, LG can claim
credit for getting out the door with a device first.
 However, the point of a modular design is defeated without an ecosystem of
modules and it is hard to see third party developers being interested in
building such addons for a single device. Until then, the G5 has to be judged on
the merits of what is in the tin and that is a well built, capable smartphone
with a unique camera setup and a weak battery. And that package is not good
enough to challenge Samsung's Galaxy S7.
 However, if the modules do start to materialise, all bets are off.
 Price: [#x20b9]52,990
 Love: Performance, Camera, Design
 Hate: Battery

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Samsung, LG to jockey for Android heavyweight title

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 809  words


If you are an Android watcher then circle February 21 on your calendar. On that
date at the -Mobile World Congress the two Korean heavyweights Samsung and LG
announce their 2016 flagship smartphones - the Samsung Galaxy S7 and the LG G5.

A host of new bendable and foldable phones to entice us are also likely to make
an appearance, but the focus is going to be on the flagships.

Samsung comes to MWC with a disappointing balance sheet. The success of the S7,
S7 Edge and any other variant is vital to its future in the premium smartphone
market, but with a reported 12 per cent cut in shipments this year, and an
increased emphasis on mid-range phones, it might invest more of its energy
down-market.

Let's not forget too that with the dollar below US70c, more Australians might
buy mid-range phones, a market where Samsung needs to compete against Chinese
manufacturers Huawei, OnePlus, Oppo and Xiaomi.

An avalanche of leaks gives us a fair idea of what to expect from the S7. The
microSD card slot might be restored given that not being able to expand storage
disappointed many S6 users. There's another reason this might happen. Android
Marshmallow has a feature called "adoptable storage" that can seamlessly
increase the phone's internal storage by integrating microSD card memory.

The S7 is likely to have a USB Type-C connector. Google included USB-C on the
recent Nexus 5x and 6p. It's becoming a common feature of Android. There are
also suggestions that Samsung might introduce retina scanning for signing in. A
pressure sensitive display might also be in the mix given Samsung's stated
ambition to implement its version of Apple's 3D Touch.

The good money is on an S7 and S7 Edge with a 5.1-inch or 5.2-inch screen and a
larger 5.7-inch S7 Edge + models, and a QuadHD rather than 4K display, with 64GB
the standard for internal storage. The S7 might ship with a Qualcomm Snapdragon
820 -processor or Samsung custom-built Exynos 8990 processor, and there are
conflicting reports on whether the camera will have a new smaller-pixel sensor
or a Sony sensor. The phone will run Android 6 Marshmallow.

So what would lure me to the S7? I like new features that add practicality. Of
the ones listed, a retina scanner for signing in, and expanded storage through a
-microSD card sound good. Buying USB Type-C connectors will annoy many, but it
brings faster charging with a claim of 0 to 100 per cent in 30 minutes - we'll
wait and see. There's been talk of Samsung implementing its -version of Apple
Live Photos, but it's a take-it-or-leave-it proposition for me. I have never
lost sleep over still photos not moving.

There are also reports of Samsung launching its Project Valley foldable display
smartphone at MWC. If it does it will be the talk of the town, but Australia is
not among a leaked list of countries where apparently it will be trialled.

Meanwhile, LG is prepping its G5 and with Samsung feeling the pinch, 2016 is an
opportunity for it to recapture lost ground.

Rumours are that the G5 will opt for a metal chassis rather than last year's
leather finish. The main display is likely to be about 5.3 inches with a QuadHD
display. The G5 is believed to have a second display, a ticker across the top of
the phone that operates even when the main display is black.

LG will no doubt persist with its power button/fingerprint -sensor on the back;
its placement has been a trend setter with -Google introducing its Imprint
sensor on the back of the Nexus 5p and 6x last year. LG also had its volume keys
on the back; they might move to the side.

Again there's talk of a biometric scanner, here an iris scanner, and of the G5
having two camera lenses on the back that will allow for 135-degree wide angle
shots. There are also reports of a "magic slot", an ability of selected pieces
of hardware to automatically pair with the phone. A 360-degree camera is
believed to be one of them. Like the S7 the G5 may have a Snapdragon 820
processor. But unlike it, the G5 may have a removable battery - maybe it's my
pipe dream but I'd prefer to swap in a battery than have a super thin phone you
can't recharge out and about.

Where Samsung intends to fold screens, LG might again be tempted to flex them,
and maybe fold them too. That's if it introduces a G Flex 3 upgrade to last
year's Flex 2. The Flex range is known for its bendable screen and "self-healing
back". But as I found out last year, scratch too hard and there's no
self-healing. If it makes an appearance, the Flex 3 is tipped to have very
potent specs such as a 6-inch screen, a big 20MP camera and 8-core
processor.There will be other handsets as well. HTC might follow up last year's
HTC One M9 with an M10 but it's believed it will be announced in Taiwan in March
and not at WMC. If Sony is a creature of habit, it will announce an -Xperia Z6
tablet to match the Z5 Xperia handsets it released.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

LG G5 Redefines Holiday Photography with Wide Angle Shooting

LENGTH: 241  words


With millions of GCC residents vacationing in various places around the globe
this summer, shooting holiday photographs with family and friends is top of
mind, especially for the traveler yearning to capture the most of each unique
experience.

Among the myriad smartphones on offer, one model packages best-ofbreed camera
functions into an ultra-slim smartphone:

The LG G5. With popular market demand for optimized camera functionality, the LG
G5's related software suite is designed to be intuitive and easy to use when it
comes to setting up, taking and editing shots. It offers bestof-its-kind
features in its wideangle camera. Key highlights include:

Wide Angle Shooting Outdoors Chances are, during vacation, travelling through
some impressive scenery is highly likely- be it landscapes, seascapes or
cityscapes.But few cameras (and even fewer smartphone cameras) are equipped to
shoot such dramatic scenes for a simple reason: A regular camera lens offers a
field of vision of just 78 degrees, compared to human eyesight, which offers a
120-degree panorama.

The LG G5, however, is equipped with dual cameras, including a Wide Angle Lens
that spans 135 degrees. This allows users to capture breadth in any shot - be it
waves crashing on a beach, mountains cascading into the distance or crowds
seething across a city plaza. Amplifying ease of use, the G5's camera, when
zooming wider than 78 degrees, automatically engages the wide angle functions.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Mod squad starts with the LG G5;
Cool cameras, good battery outshine the bigger ideas from firm's latest flagship

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. S10

LENGTH: 533 words


Described as the world's first modular smartphone, LG's G5 is definitely trying
to set itself apart from the pack. Spring always sees a pack of new Android
flagships, which these days are often variations on a theme.

Competition is fierce, and being unique or the first with new ideas is a good
way to build buzz, particularly the idea of a modular smartphone, which some
other companies have also been toying with.

The G5 is not the build-your-own phone of our dreams, but it's still an
interesting flagship that has its priorities straight about what matters most in
a smartphone.

Name: LG G5

Price: $300 on a two-year contract/$800 outright

Operating system: Android 6.0.1

Screen: 5.3-inch LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1440 x 2560 resolution (554 ppi
pixel density)

Features: New modular design with additional accessory attachments; removable
battery; fast battery charging; micro SD slot; rear fingerprint scanner; "always
on" display

Camera: Two cameras on the rear. Primary: 16 megapixels with laser autofocus,
OIS, HDR. Secondary: 8 megapixels with a wider angle lens. Front camera: 8
megapixels.

Weight: 159 grams

Battery: Removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh battery

Competition: iPhone 6S/6S plus, Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge

What's good: The LG G5 has a sleek all-metal body that feels good to hold and
has a nice screen-to-body ratio.

The new modular design supposedly makes it easy to repair. For most people, the
real reason to buy is the swappable battery, a feature most high-end flagships
skip.

Its "always on" display always shows the time, but lacks some of the features of
Samsung's latest phones.

The other big reason to buy this phone is the camera. The main 16-megapixel
camera has the usual 78-degree angle, but the secondary eight-megapixel has a
135-degree angle, so from the same spot you can get more of the background and
it's great for scenery shots. There is also multi-view, which creates an instant
collage using all three cameras.

Fast charging works really well and in a half-hour you can get up to a
70-per-cent charge.

What's bad: The modular design feels like hype more than anything right now.
There are just two attachments, a camera and a digital audio converter. We
didn't get a chance to try them out, but reports are that they don't change the
phone much.

While this is a very good Android phone, it still feels a little behind some of
it competitors, such as the latest Samsungs, in terms of design and performance.

What's interesting: While Google got the modular hype with Project Ara, kudos to
LG for once again trying to do something a bit different. If LG sticks with this
design philosophy, there could be some real variety and possibly a value option
for consumers who want to upgrade components. The big question is whether that's
what consumers want, and can there be a compelling enough option to break the
current cycle of buying a new phone every few years.

The bottom line: Early adopters should definitely take a look at this phone for
its baby steps into a modular future. Other Android fans should also take a look
because the camera is fun and really interesting.

Quick charging and an easily swappable battery mean power-hungry users have two
good ways to get more juice.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              148 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

What's next for mobile?;
From Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, here are some of the biggest new phones
due to launch in 2016

BYLINE: STEVE HOGARTY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 572 words


A PHONE THAT TURNS INTO A DESKTOP PC HP ELITE X3 www.HP.COM/UK The only Windows
phone on this page and the first phone HP has made since 2014, the Elite X3 is a
superpowered little device that's capable of transforming into a desktop PC once
hooked up to a television or monitor. Enabling this transformation is the X3's
top-end Snapdragon 820 CPU, bolstered by 4GB of RAM, which is more power than
you could feasibly ever need from a phone. That's hardware to write home to your
mother about, but with the dearth of apps on the Windows Store it could all be
for naught. It's big too, with a 6" screen you could eat your dinner off.

A PHONE YOU CAN CUSTOMISE LG G5 www.LG.COM/UK LG's new flagship handset is one
of the first modular designs to market, allowing you to remove part of the phone
to snap on new accessories to upgrade or add functionality. So far LG has shown
the G5 customised with a camera grip - which adds additional battery capacity as
well as shutter controls - and an audio-enhancing external DAC pack from Bang &
Olufsen. The LG G5 is essentially the Lego of phones, but even before you
consider the customisation options, it boasts an impressive set of features as
standard. The 5.3" handset has a USB Type-C connection and features a secondary
rear camera that allows for wide-angle photography. The screen never sleeps
either, always displaying the time.

A PHONE THAT CAN SENSE HEAT CAT S60 www.CAT.COM From the folks who built all of
those yellow trucks and diggers smashing around outside your office window comes
this rugged brick of a phone. Designed for use on construction sites, the bulky
Cat S60 boldy claims to be able to survive "military drop tests". The thing
looks like it could survive a nuclear blast, with its reinforced die cast frame
happily withstanding 1.8 metre falls on to concrete. This hulk of a phone is
also dustproof, waterproof to a depth of five metres, works with wet and gloved
hands and, strangest of all, comes with a built-in thermal imaging camera. Ideal
for checking insulation, or hunting for hot ghosts.

A PHONE YOU CAN DUNK IN THE BATH SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE www.SAMSUNG.COM The S6
is still one of the best phones available today, so it's unsurprising that
Samsung hasn't made radical design changes with their newly announced Galaxy S7.
There are two models, one with the familiar curved screen edges and one without.
Both have been improved by aesthetic tweaks that make the phone more comfortable
to hold, such as a smaller camera bump and a flush fingerprint sensor. Inside is
where you'll find the biggest changes. The higher-specced S7 Edge model has a
beefier processer, a longer lasting battery and a massively improved 12MP
camera. It's waterproof too, because the future will be wet.

A PHONE WITH A PSYCHIC CAMERA SONY XPERIA X SERIES www.SONYMOBILE.COM Rather
than announce a new flagship handset - that crown is still worn by the super
high-spec Sony Xperia Z5 - Sony instead revealed a trio of new mid-range phones
at this year's MWC: the Xperia XA, the Xperia X and the Xperia X Performance.
The latter is the most interesting of the bunch, a top-of-the-line phone with
boosted specs that rival the Xperia Z5. A super high-resolution 23MP camera
boasts what Sony is calling "predictive hybrid autofocus", which uses a mixture
of science and magic to predict where your subject will be before they actually
get there, leading to better focusing on moving targets.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

LG G5 to make debut at Mobile World Congress?

LENGTH: 159  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Jan. 14 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Though the much awaited Mobile World Congress (MWC) is yet a couple of weeks
away, electronics manufacturer LG has already started sending official press
invites for its launch event.


 This is fuelling speculations that LG might unveil the G5 phablet during the
event.
 The invites sent out by LG says "Play Begins" at 2pm on February 21. The LG G4
was touted as one of the best phablets of 2015 with a wonderful screen and
fantastic camera specifications..
 As per media reports LG wants to keep this feature for the next phone, but
integrate the battery into a sliding modular shell so that the handset can be
formed from quality materials.
 Other reports say that the G5 will use a dual rear-camera set-up comprising two
16-megapixel lenses. The 5.3-inch QHD display will be joined by a second strip
display (think news ticker) that could display notifications.
 LG might also add a fingerprint sensor to this handset.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 19, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

LG and B&O PLAY team to create enhanced audio experience on G5

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 80 words


LG Electronics and audio firm Bang & Olufsen, B&O Play are working together to
offer smartphone users an enhanced, high-quality audio experience.

The two companies have worked closely on the new LG G5 smartphone. LG will be
the first company to bring users a powerful Hi-Fi feature co-designed by B&O
Play that will offer users an immersive sound experience.
The LG G5 will be launched at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February
21 and be released in March, reports techradar.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       April 25, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Google engineer claims that HTC 10 and LG G5 do not comply with USB Type-C spec

BYLINE: Bruce Totolos

LENGTH: 208  words


Google engineer Benson Leung has recently drawn attention to the fact that two
of the latest Android-powered flagship handsets -- the HTC 10 and the LG G5 --
are not compliant with the USB Type-C specification.

According to Leung, the HTC 10 and the LG G5 handsets are equipped with
Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 technology which violates the USB Type-C
specification that has essentially been designed to make things easier and
faster. A non-compliance with the specification can apparently put smartphones
at a potential risk of catching fire.

Leung has explained that, as per the USB Type-C 3.1 specification, the range of
the Vbus line of the port should be between 4.45 and 5.25 volts. However, the
specification of the port is violated by Qualcomm's Quick Charge technology
because it increases the voltage to 9 or 12 volts.

Leung has warned: "I don't recommend any Qualcomm QC 3.0 USB type-C charger,
because any of them that claim to support QC 3.0 on a Type-C port violates the
Type-C specification. The Type-C spec specifically forbids proprietary charging
methods that try to change Vbus beyond 5V."

Leung has also pointed out the HTC 10 and the LG G5 handsets are not the only
smartphones which are non-compliant with the USB Type-C specification.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

At MWC 2016, LG and Xiaomi stole Samsung's thunder;
Xiaomi's Mi 5 launch and LG's modular G5 stole the limelight from excellent
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge launch

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 504  words


Xiaomi's Mi 5 launch and LG's modular G5 stole the limelight from excellent
Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge launch

During MWC, friends and acquaintances kept asking which phone I thought was the
most innovative of the lot on the show. This time, it was easy for me to give an
answer: yes, I thought the LG G5 was the most interesting. And most people would
nod in agreement.

The LG G5 shows us a glimpse into what the world of smartphones will be a few
years from now. Swapping a better camera module because you are out on a picnic,
or an extra battery because you won't be near a charging port for days. Yes, the
modular phone concept is finally here. This might not be exactly what Google
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/google/) and others are working on, but the fact
that it has hit the bullet with a flagship shows LG has shown the guts to be
innovative.

Just across the aisle in Hall 3, Samsung is getting a lot of attention as
always. However, this time people are more intrigued by the VR showcase and are
queuing up for a chance to try the headset on. They like the Samsung Galaxy S7
too, but most think it is almost the same as the S6. The same is the case with
the S7 edge too. If the cards said S6 and S6 edge, it would have taken everyone
some time to call it a bluff.

Samsung has for some years now had this tendency to hold the awe factor back
every alternate year and 2016 seems to be one of those years. This means the
Samsung Galaxy S7, and S7 edge are natural progressions of their predecessors
and don't try and change the game on their own. Of course, the edge has become
better, of course the camera is one of the best in the world, of course this is
among the best Android phones money can buy but haven't we come to expect that
out of Samsung? Where is the surprise element, the one thing that makes you the
best Android flagship? I guess we will have to wait for that till the Note 6
arrives later this year.

By being averse to taking risks with its flagships, Samsung might be letting go
of a large opportunity and leaving the door ajar for players like Xiaomi
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/xiaomi/) to make a bigger impact. Three days after
the gala Samsung launch, this Chinese startup had a relatively small event a bit
far from the main MWC venue. But all of the world's press was there at what was
Xiaomi's first big event in Europe. The Mi 5 has some innovative features like
the camera with four-axis image stabilisation, but it also has a price that is
half that of Samsung's flagship.

The innovation for companies like Xiaomi and LeEco is in offering the same stuff
as Samsung or LG at much lower price points. Let's not miss the point here that
the Mi 5 runs the same top-end Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor as the S7 and
G5.

Yes, Samsung is not in the same game as these Chinese challengers, but with the
market getting more competitive every passing quarter the Korean giant has to
start overwhelming its competition. That sense of purpose is the only thing that
will win it new markets and users.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday
                                ADVANCE Edition

Gizmo Guy: How 5 rival smartphones compare

BYLINE: By Jonathan Takiff; Inquirer Technology Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 878 words


The competition for smartphone superiority seems especially fierce this spring.

Hearing the call, Gizmo Guy has been walking around with four strong pocket pal
contenders: an LG G5, Samsung Galaxy S7, iPhone 6S, and HTC 10. I've also been
toting an oddball from an upstart called Siam that dares challenge the status
quo.

If shopping, you ought to study the pack, too. The once-omni-

potent iPhone no longer holds all the "best innovator" cards. Could be that's
why its sales and stock are down now for the first time in ages.

Outside the box. Take the fresh and growing concept of smartphone as a modular
"building block." We love how a Galaxy S7 transforms itself when stuffed into
Samsung's Gear VR goggles, the phone becoming the engine and display, driving
the wonderful world of virtual reality.

Now the just-sprung LG G5 takes the modular mission further. Pop off the phone's
bottom edge and you can plug in one of several components (LG calls them
"friends") that upgrade or transform this trim multitasker. These include:

An accessory camera component (LG Cam Plus) brings a better grip, extended
battery run time, and easier control functionality.

Bang & Olufsen is pairing with LG on Hi Fi Plus, a G5 module packing an upgraded
digital-to-analog audio converter and better headphone amp.

LG's 360 VR is a plug-in that harnesses the G5's brain power to VR goggles
equipped with its own (not shared) display screen. Slim, light, and boasting a
high ppi (pixels per inch) image resolution, these VR glasses should prove more
comfortable than others for long-use applications, say, watching (or jumping
into) movies on a cross-country plane ride.

Better pictures. LG has also won my heart with a novel dual-lens camera rig
implanted on the "shooter side" (back) of the G5. The array lets you grab two
views of the same scene without moving an inch.

The standard lens, taking in a viewing angle of 78 degrees, captures close-up
pictures with a 16 MP sensor. This fast whippersnapper took the sharpest, most
detailed images of all surveyed in our five-smartphone shootout. A touch of a
screen icon shifts gears, activating a wide-angle lens with a viewing angle of
135 degrees and 8 MP sensor (not shabby). It's dandy for capturing expansive
views, embracing a bigger crowd or scene.

Not coincidentally, the LG G5 also made the best selfies (8 MP) and sported the
strongest flash in our survey. But in color accuracy it came in third, bested by
the Samsung and second-place iPhone 6S.

Better sound. The HTC 10 is a music buff's best option. Besides a standard-issue
bottom-edge speaker, HTC repurposes the smartphone's ear speaker for
high-frequency music playback, turning the whole shebang into a "two-way"
speaker. Not hi-fi, but less prone to the vocal "fizzies" that run rampant
through the species.

And there's more to the HTC 10's "BoomSound" package. This phone has the rare
talent to record and play back music and video with high res (24 bit, 96kHz)
sound tracks.

An HTC 10 also puts out better-grade audio through its multitasking USB-C
power/control port. JBL is prepping noise-reduction sport earphones (Reflect
Aware C) to flesh out the deal.

Even listening through the old-school headphone jack, the HTC 10 sounded best of
the bunch, with the Apple iPhone 6S scoring a close second.

Ear's to you. Some users relish unlocking a smartphone with the laying on of a
fingertip/print. But with my thin-skinned digits, this tech fails often. So I
was really hoping the novel user recognition promised in the fledgling Siam 7X
phone would rescue me.

Siam uses the unique shape of each user's ear to recognize its owner, first
taking a picture of your ear, then validating it the next time you swing the
phone "home." If only it worked! "Give us a few more weeks," said the firm's
chief cook, Darius Allen.

Also novel: Siam slaps a second, monochromatic, low- energy-consuming 4.7-inch
e-ink screen on the phone's back side. In theory, you could have an e-book
running back there, flip the phone over to take a call or look something up on
the main 5-inch color screen, then flip back to keep reading. But with the
current state of its operating system, only one screen is active at a time,
switching is tedious, and, oops, there's no support for third-party content
suppliers such as Kindle.

Screens and things. While we're on the topic, let it be said that the Samsung
S7's OLED screen technology offers the best contrast of the bunch. And did we
mention it's waterproof?

Still, there's a trade-off. The iPhone 6S's Retina display is a tad brighter in
the default setting. And all the LED contenders are easy on the eyes - even the
lower-resolution (720p) Siam.

Run time remains the Apple's Achilles heel. The larger-capacity batteries and
faster charging times of the first-tier rivals are significant.

While an iPhone 6S barely makes it through my day on the internal 1715 mAh
battery pack, a Samsung S7 and HTC10 boast a 3000 mAh battery, and the LG G5 has
2800 mAh. Since you only get 500 charges for the typical phone battery, those
that run longer will likely last longer.

P.S.: All tech aside, you need to consider ease of use. On that front, for the
moment, the iPhone 6S is still the Apple of my eye.

takiffj@phillynews.com

215-854-5960 @JTakiff

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Jonathan Takiff / Staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Huawei P9 vs LG G5 Battle of the dual-wielders

BYLINE: Gwyn D'Mello

LENGTH: 448  words


Which is the better dual rear camera smartphone?

With the launch of the Huawei P9, it looks as though smartphones are starting
down a path that will eventually see dual cameras as standard fare. Indeed, the
P9 is not the first handset this year to feature a dual rear camera and, if
rumours are are to be believed, it certainly won't be the last.

So let's compare the new kid on the bock with it's slightly older counterpart,
the LG G5, released earlier in April. At first look, both devices have largely
similar specifications, though there are some key differences.

As far as the display and cameras go, the P9 features a 5.2-inch full HD
(1920x1080) display at 423ppi. It has dual 12MP f/2.2 rear cameras with phase
detection autofocus and dual-tone LED flash, and a 8MP f/2.4 front cam. The G5
has a 5.3-inch quad HD (2560x1440) display at 554ppi and a 8MP f/2.0 front cam.
The G5 also features a dual camera setup, with a 16MP f/1.8 and a 8MP f/2.4
camera on the rear, but not for the same function as the P9. But we'll get to
that in a bit.

Lastly, the P9 is powered by a 3000mAh battery and runs EMUI 4.1 on top of
Android 6.0. The G5 meanwhile is powered by a smaller 2800mAh battery and runs
UXUI 5.0 running on Android 6.0 Both smartphones have dual SIM and 4G support,
as well as an integrated fingerprint scanner.

While the Huawei P9 might rank slightly higher with their choice of processor
and battery size, it's really with the camera that it outshines the LG G5. The
G5's secondary rear camera is an 8MP wide angle. Smartphone cameras are locked
at a zoom level, because there's no way to properly integrate a lens zoom into
the minimal space available, and digital zoom trades off on quality. The wide
angle then serves to incorporate a wider frame in the picture, while the main
camera can capture details.

In the case of the P9, both rear cameras are 12MP but work in tandem for a
picture. One is a coulour image sensor, while the other captures only monochrome
information, but with a higher dynamic range. The combined effect is a brighter,
richer photo, even in low-light situations. It's thanks to this that we believe
the P9 makes the superior smartphone, on top of which it's also the cheaper
option. The P9 costs Rs 39,999 to the G5's Rs 47,990.

The Huawei P9 is now available exclusively on Flipkart, or offline at Croma.

HUAWEI

SPECIFICATIONS

5.2-inch screen

1920 X 1080 resolution

HiSilicon Kirin

955 processor

3GB RAM

32GB internal storage

12MP duo camera

3000mAh battery

144 grams

LG

SPECIFICATIONS

5.3-inch screen

2560 X 1440 resolution

Snapdragon

820 processor

4GB RAM

32GB internal storage

16MP/8MP duo camera

2800mAh battery

159 grams

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      February 22, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung, LG to unveil next-gen flagship handsets at MWC 2016

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 231  words


At the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016 in Barcelona, Spain, a number of
Android-handset manufacturers -- including South Korean bigwigs Samsung and LG
-- are expected to unveil the next-generation versions of their flagship
devices.

Two of the most awaited Android-powered smartphones set to grab the spotlight at
the MWC event this year include Samsung's new Galaxy flagship handsets -- Galaxy
S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge -- and LG's newest G5 flagship smartphone.

The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge handsets will mark a notable
improvement over their current-generation Galaxy S6 counterparts. The new
smartphones will boast a faster processor; more RAM; significantly improved
'Dual Pixel' 12-megapixel camera sensor camera; and support for microSD cards.

In addition, the new Galaxy handsets will also come with an 'Always On' display;
and very high resistance to dust and water, including submersion.

The LG G5 smartphone, meanwhile, is expected to stand out from the other
Android-powered handsets largely due to the introduction of a 'Magic Slot' which
will apparently support the plug-in of expansion devices.

Moreover, another distinguishing feature of the G5 will be a secondary rear
camera -- together with the standard lens -- capable of supporting 135 degree
wide angle photos. The G5 will also come with a low-power 'Always On' display,
to show the time and select notifications.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

The rise of the dual-camera smartphone;
Expect more higher-end phones to feature dual-lens designs

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 778 words


The best camera is the one you have, according to the old adage. Now, smartphone
makers are not content with giving you one rear camera in your gadget, but two.

When Apple launched its new iPhone 7 Plus last month, one of the much touted
features was its rear dual-camera system.

The addition of another camera module opens up more possibilities for
manufacturers to improve on the image quality, like having different focal
lengths or adding a monochrome sensor, according to Miss Karissa Chua, consumer
electronics analyst at research firm Euromonitor International.

How we test   We look at the three smartphones (LG G5: For the landscape
photographer, Huawei P9: The bokeh and monochrome master and Apple iPhone 7
Plus: Jack of all trades) available in the market that come with a dual-camera
system.

For a fair comparison, we used only the native camera app of each smartphone. We
used the Auto mode with automatic high dynamic range turned on for day and night
landscape shots. We also took three panoramic pictures of the same scene, with
the best one used for comparison.

Shallow depth-of-field images were also taken using the native camera app's
offerings from each smartphone.

The iPhone 7 Plus has a 28mm camera to shoot wide-angle photos and a 56mm camera
for more close-up photos, with each having its own 12-megapixel image sensor.

But Apple is not the first to release a smartphone using a dual- camera set-up.
LG and HTC were there first - in 2011. But the LG Optimus 3D and HTC Evo 3D used
dual cameras to take 3-D still and moving images.

It was not until 2014, when the HTC One M8 was launched, that a true dual-camera
system for still photography was realised. It uses an additional image sensor to
capture depth information.

This allows users to re-adjust the focus point in post-processing to create a
shallow depth-of-field or bokeh effect - whereby the main subject is sharp with
other parts of the image blurred.

But the trend has gained momentum this year. In February, the LG G5 was launched
with a dual-camera set-up that works almost like the iPhone 7 Plus. But the G5
uses a 10mm and a 24mm camera.

In April, Huawei launched the P9 - its first smartphone after announcing its
partnership with German camera maker Leica.

Instead of harnessing two focal lengths, like the G5 and iPhone 7 Plus, the P9
uses one camera to capture colour information and the other for monochrome
details.

Last week, Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi announced its new Mi 5s Plus
smartphone. It comes with a dual-camera system that works just like the Huawei
P9.

Growth of the smartphone market is projected to slow to a compound annual rate
of 5 per cent from this year to 2021, according to Euromonitor International.
However, consulting firm Deloitte Global estimated that out of the 2.5 trillion
photos to be shared online worldwide this year, 90 per cent of them will be
taken using a smartphone.

Thus, smartphone makers are pulling out all the stops to get consumers to
upgrade their devices ahead of their replacement cycle. And the camera becomes
an important factor.

The use of a dual-camera system will increase the perceived value of
smartphones. As such, said Miss Chua, expect more dual-camera designs - also
referred to as dual-lens - to be incorporated into the higher-end smartphone
models.

Mr David Yoh, mobile communications business director of LG Electronics
Singapore, said: "The success of the dual-lens camera (in LG G5) has led to
other models adapting and implementing this feature, setting a trend of more
smartphones with the dual-lens feature to provide consumers with more
photography options."

"It has been a success for P9 with its world's first Leica dual-camera," said
Miss Ada Xu, global public relations director at Huawei.

She said global shipments of Huawei P9 had surpassed six million units as of
end-August this year.

The technology in dual-camera designs is still quite new. So "there is still
room for improvement in both the hardware and software to fully optimise the
potential of such technology", Miss Chua said.

But consumers are already seeing the benefits. "I noticed better-quality images
in low-light conditions and a wider dynamic range," said PR consultant Chong Jan
Jee, 23, who uses an LG G5. She also felt her smartphone camera's auto-focusing
was faster and more accurate.

Mr Nelson Tan, 40, a professional photographer and instructor, felt that
photography enthusiasts will not rely on camera phones for their planned shoots,
but having a smartphone with a good dual-camera system will not hurt. "The
improving technology of smartphone cameras means that we can take even better
pictures any time."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Smartphone makers are putting dual-lens camera systems into their
flagship phones to attract customers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

LGâ[#x20ac][TM]s mobile division plans personnel reshuffle

LENGTH: 256 words


LG Electronics' mobile communications division has decided to carry out a
sizeable personnel reshuffle after months of operating losses.

"We need to change the way we work to move faster and lighter," the company's
CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno said in an email message to employees Monday.

LG Electronics CEO Cho Juno

"Other business divisions also need people from MC (mobile communications). We
will continue to reshuffle personnel."

The reshuffle plan comes after the MC division suffered operating losses for
third consecutive quarters. In the first quarter this year, the company posted
an operating loss of 202 billion won ($170 million).

With its new flagship smartphone G5 starting sales globally, the division is
expected to streamline its organization and reduce the staff size in order to
respond more promptly to different market demands.

Some of the members are likely to be transferred to LG's new business divisions
such as the vehicle components division.

An LG spokesperson downplayed the decision, saying the plan is part of the
company's annual reshuffle.

In its first-quarter earnings report last month, the company said it could see a
turnaround in the second quarter when G5 shipments start to be reflected in
sales. In the first quarter, increased marketing costs for G5 also affected the
division's profit negatively, it said.

The company forecast it will sell 3 million units of the G5 phone in the second
quarter and see its quarterly sales reach 3.6 trillion won, a break-event point
for the division.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      November 8, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

LG Rolls Out Android Nougat To G5

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 195  words


The rollout is currently available only in South Korea, and other regions
including America and Asia will soon receive the update, in few weeks down the
line.

LG has recently announced the roll out of Android 7.0 Nougat update to its
smartphone, G5.

According to a recent post on GSMArena, the update seems to be currently
available only for those users based in South Korea, the home country of LG.
However, other countries including America and Asian region will most likely be
receiving the update in the a few weeks down the line.

Adding more on to this, a recent post on Android Central informs that the
announcement from LG was out on the same day when Samsung's beta program for
testing Nougat on Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge was announced.

Having said this, this definitely seems to be a great announcement for the G5
users, after almost a year now.

Apparently, a recent Tech Times report mentioned that a two year old LG G3 to
have been spotted on GeekBench with Android Nougat. This definitely gives the LG
users a clearly idea that the company is working on providing the latest
operating system to even a smartphone that is two year old, which is not
commonly seen nowadays.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG G Pad III 8.0 tablet launched in Korea

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 237 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG has unveiled its latest mid-range tablet G
Pad III 8.0. Launched in Korea, the device is priced at $240 and will be
available in Black and White colour options.Talking about the specifications,
the LG G Pad III 8.0 features an 8-inch Full HD display with 1920x1080 pixel
resolution. It is powered by an octa-core processor clocked at 1.5GHz and runs
Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system.The G Pad III 8.0 offers 2GB of RAM and
16GB/32GB of internal storage which can be expanded further up to 64GB via a
microSD card.

The device is equipped with an 8MP rear camera with LED flash and a 5MP front
camera to facilitate video calling. Connectivity options include 4G, LTE, Wi-Fi,
Bluetooth, GPS and USB. The device is backed by a large 4,800 mAh battery.LG G
Pad III 8.0 comes with a Reader Mode which prevents the eyes from straining when
reading on the tablet for a long time.Recently, LG launched its latest flagship
smartphone G5 in India. Priced at Rs 52,990, the smartphone is exclusively
available on Flipkart . The main highlight of the G5 is its modular design. The
modules are called 'Friends'.Unveiled at the Mobile World Congress in February
2016, LG G5 sports an aluminium unibody modular design with a slide-out battery.
The battery can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module to the phone,
with the module being sold separately.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

LG launches new smartphone to counter rival Samsung

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 202 words


South Korea's handset maker LG on Sunday unveiled its first modular smartphone,
the G5, in Barcelona in a bid to counter competition from its major rival
Samsung.

The new premium model -- made using different components that can be
independently upgraded or replaced -- comes with a removable battery and
accessories such as virtual reality headset and a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang &amp; Olufsen.

LG is banking on its G5 to counter competition from fellow South Korean Samsung,
the world's top handset maker that is due to unveil its own S7 smartphone on
Sunday evening on the eve of the start of the Mobile World Congress, the top
annual trade show for wireless devices.

The G5 will be launched at the same time on LG's main markets, CEO Juno Cho told
reporters in Barcelona, without detailing exactly where and when.

"We think smartphones' best days are still ahead," said Juno Cho, despite
slowing growing demand that saw rival Samsung's fourth quarter net profits drop
and Apple's iPhone sales rise slower than ever in the same period.

Meanwhile LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the
back of a global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile
sector.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

LG's G5 sales stalling in Chinese market '

LENGTH: 755 words


Visitors to this year's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Asia pack a Huawei
booth, at Shanghai New International Expo Center in China, Thursday. More than
370 global companies participated in the regional technology tradeshow this
year./ Korea Times photo by Lee Min-hyungBy Lee Min-hyung

SHANGHAI, China - LG Electronics' modular handset - the G5 - has reached an
impasse in the Chinese market, as its 'vague' positioning strategy adds to an
already gloomy picture for the firm's mobile business here, according to local
industry insiders.

The Korea's No. 2 electronics giant launched the new smartphone in Asia's
largest market, last month. Lee Hye-woong, the firm's China business chief,
expressed confidence that the device would be a 'mega-hit,' playing a crucial
role to end years-long underperformance of its mobile unit.

But experts and market insiders here remain skeptical over its potential rebound
unless the firm shifts its positioning strategies and diversifies its products
lineups, rather than focusing on a few premium devices including the G5.

'Some premium handset makers, including LG, have had a tough time in the Chinese
market, as they have failed to catch up with local trends and needs,' Kevin Lee,
a marketing expert at Alibaba Group, the operator of China's largest online
retail service, Tmall, told The Korea Times, on the sidelines of this year's
Consumer Electronics Show (CES) Asia 2016, Thursday.

The remark reflects that LG's bet for a modular device ecosystem came as no
surprise to Chinese customers offering options that include products from more
than 200 local handset manufacturers.

'It is true that the handset market fluctuates at all times, but smartphones
without localized functionalities cannot succeed here,' he said.

LG Electronics was ranked 16th in the Chinese smartphone market share during the
fourth quarter of last year, according to U.S.-based market researcher IHS.
Xiaomi was the first with 16.7 percent, followed by Huawei with a slim margin
during the same period.

Samsung came in sixth with 9.4 percent of share, with LG holding only 0.02
percent.

This is a stark difference from LG's global profile where the company was No. 5
with 13.5 percent of smartphone market share in the first quarter this year,
according to recent data by Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

IHS analyst Jusy Hong said, 'Chinese handset makers have achieved technological
leaps forward from economies of scale in recent years.'

'Their technological standard has reached a global level. On top of that, they
have expertise in cost reductions, making them highly competitive in their
hometown,' said the expert.

He also cited smartphone distribution channels in China as another key factor
leaving premium handset makers in a tough time in the Chinese market.

'In China, only some 30 percent of smartphones are distributed by mobile
carriers, with the rest selling on retail channels online and offline. This
means most customers cannot benefit from carriers' subsidies, leaving people
less motivated to buy expensive premium devices,' he said.

This is why high-end devices are less popular than budget or mid-end ones in
China, according to the analyst. The G5 sells at $734 in China at the same price
of its Samsung counterpart Galaxy S7.

Another industry source in China, asking not to be named, said: 'LG does not
have diverse handset lineups, leaving the company less competitive than its
Chinese counterparts including Huawei and Xiaomi.'

For example, Xiaomi unveiled on Tuesday its new handset Mi Max in a bid to
expand its footprint in the mid-end market. The 6.44-inch handset sells from
$230 (269,000 won) here. Huawei, the bitter rival of Xiaomi, also introduced
diverse products, ranging from low-end to high-end ones, at its booth at the CES
Asia.

A Huawei official said, 'Huawei has technological expertise and can manufacture
our devices on our own, which is the biggest difference from most other Chinese
handset makers which outsource some manufacturing processes. due to a lack of
technology.'

Local media also expressed concerns over LG's positioning strategies.

Wealthy Chinese people tend to prefer Apple or Samsung smartphones, but most of
the public buy 'Made-in-China' handsets, due to their low price and relatively
decent functions, according to Beijing Business Today. But LG's G5 cannot
compete with its Apple of Samsung counterparts, in terms of brand power. But LG
sticks to the premium device market, leading the firm to lose more ground to
local handset makers, the daily added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                  May 6, 2016

LG's G5, V10 smartphones certified by NIAP in US

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 301  words


NEW DELHI: South Korean handset maker LG has declared that the V10 and also the
G5 both have been certified from the U.S. National Information Assurance
Partnership for use in military and venture plans.

NIAP administers the globally recognized Common Criteria Evaluation and
Validation Scheme (CCEVS) for evaluating security conformance with the Common
Criteria international standard. NIAP certification is recognized by the
governments of 25 Common Criteria member countries such as Canada, France,
Germany, India, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom
(www.commoncriteriaportal.org/ccra/members).

LG's flagship smartphones are equipped with LG's GATE technology for enhanced
platform, network, and application security that allow for secure, reliable
access to enterprise data. GATE, or Guarded Access to Enterprise, is LG's
enterprise-level security platform developed in 2013 to provide a variety of
security solutions such as anti-hacking and mobile device management systems for
enterprise mobile devices. GATE's layered security components help to maintain
the integrity of software components, strengthening system protection and
safeguarding corporate data without compromising performance.

What's more, LG G5 and V10 also feature Google's Android for Work which
leverages the LG GATE network capabilities. Included in Android for Work is a
container solution which separates and secures work apps from personal apps.

"With the growing importance of higher security in business these days, we
believe a firm security platform is a must for mobile workplace devices," said
Chris Yie, vice president and head of marketing communications for LG Mobile
Communications Company.

"This certification is confirmation that LG smartphones are among the most
secure mobile devices available today," said Yie.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

ET REVIEW THE FIRST OF ITS KIND

BYLINE: Hitesh.Bhagat@timesgroup.com

SECTION: PERSONAL TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 769 words


Expensive flagship phones really have to be perfect don't they? Even the
slightest blemish can be amplified to almost comical levels. We've seen some
fantastic premium flagships this year Samsung's S7 edge, Apple's iPhone 6S and
HTC's 10. This is space that LG will be competing in, evident from the fairly
high price tag. However, it doesn't come in empty handed the G5 is the first to
actually include a modular design not only can you remove the battery, it is
compatible with some additional accessories called 'Friends'. More on that in a
bit. In addition, there are some nifty camera tricks, thanks to the dual lens
setup on the rear camera.But let's move on to the device.

As you might know, the G5 is part of a series of flagships from LG.This is the
first in the series with a full metal unibody design. A special process gives
the metal a softer 'feel' though it might also fool some into thinking that it's
plastic.One of LG's signature design elements volume + power on the back panel
is gone! Now you have the volume rocker on the left and the circular fingerprint
scanner on the back (which also works as the power button when you click it). We
wish LG had kept volume on the back panel as well it's convenient (not to
mention second nature for Android phones) to have volume and power buttons next
to each other.

Up front, the screen takes up most of the space and it curves down at the top.
The curve doesn't serve any purpose other than design. On top, you'll see the
headphone jack and an IR emitter. Speaker and USB type C port are on the bottom
while the dual camera module and fingerprint scanner are on the back. The
scanner is slightly raised and has a chrome ring, making it easier to find.
There are no antenna lines visible just some tiny 'gaps' in the metal around the
periphery. Towards the bottom, there's a tiny button that sits flush with the
frame press this in and it detaches the removable module.The battery will also
slide out which means this is one of the few flagships with a removable
battery.A couple of modular Friends have been announced for the camera and
audio. The camera module has a tiny battery inside it adds a physical shutter
button and a nicer camera-like grip. The audio enhancement module by B&O
supposedly works to improve audio quality. We couldn't get to test these out
till the time of going to

press. The idea is that LG and third-party can design more of these Friends to
work with the G5 and possibly future LG flagships.Seems like a good idea but
hinges on LG selling a significant number of G5's to begin with.

The camera is one of the highlights of the device. The primary camera is a 16MP
unit with optical image stabilization, f1.8 aperture and laser autofocus. This
is a bril liant camera that

captures loads of detail in most con ditions. The wide a p e r t u r e g ive s a
nice depth of field.

The second lens is an 8MP with f2.0 ap e r t u re a n d u l t r a wide angle of
view.

It has a 135-degree field of view and you'll be surprised at how much you

can fit into the frame with this.Even in a small space, you will likely capture
the entire area. This camera works best outdoors. The camera app offers loads of
features too: time lapse, manual mode, panorama, RAW image capture, HDR, film
effect and some interesting pop-out and multiview modes (these modes use both
cameras simultaneously).

The G5 also has the amazing

Snapdragon 820 with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage. It can tackle any sort of app or
game without a hiccup. The interface is powered by Android 6.0.1 not much
bloatware and there are some nice extras: you can have five on-screen buttons
for instance, there are handy phone management tools built in, a very nice
universal remote app and even a way to re-install recently uninstalled apps if
you deleted something by mistake. Battery life is about a day with nor mal use
though it might need a charge by late evening if you're a heavy user.Luckily, it
does support fast charging.

Undoubtedly, there are some things that are really great about the G5 but there
are also some things that have no place in a Rs50k + smartphone. For starters,
the build quality. There is a very significant, sharp ridge at the place where
the battery module detaches from the phone. The screen is good but it has
thicker bezels than we're used to. The modular functionality is very limited and
the current Friends are expensive add-ons. So it's a tough call to take. Our
vote still goes to the S7 edge (for simply brilliant design, quality and
unparalleled camera) or the iPhone 6S Plus (for a better overall experience,
including battery, OS, apps and camera).

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

ET REVIEW THE FIRST OF ITS KIND

BYLINE: Hitesh.Bhagat@timesgroup.com

SECTION: PERSONAL TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 769 words


Expensive flagship phones really have to be perfect don't they? Even the
slightest blemish can be amplified to almost comical levels. We've seen some
fantastic premium flagships this year Samsung's S7 edge, Apple's iPhone 6S and
HTC's 10. This is space that LG will be competing in, evident from the fairly
high price tag. However, it doesn't come in empty handed the G5 is the first to
actually include a modular design not only can you remove the battery, it is
compatible with some additional accessories called 'Friends'. More on that in a
bit. In addition, there are some nifty camera tricks, thanks to the dual lens
setup on the rear camera.But let's move on to the device.

As you might know, the G5 is part of a series of flagships from LG.This is the
first in the series with a full metal unibody design. A special process gives
the metal a softer 'feel' though it might also fool some into thinking that it's
plastic.One of LG's signature design elements volume + power on the back panel
is gone! Now you have the volume rocker on the left and the circular fingerprint
scanner on the back (which also works as the power button when you click it). We
wish LG had kept volume on the back panel as well it's convenient (not to
mention second nature for Android phones) to have volume and power buttons next
to each other.

Up front, the screen takes up most of the space and it curves down at the top.
The curve doesn't serve any purpose other than design. On top, you'll see the
headphone jack and an IR emitter. Speaker and USB type C port are on the bottom
while the dual camera module and fingerprint scanner are on the back. The
scanner is slightly raised and has a chrome ring, making it easier to find.
There are no antenna lines visible just some tiny 'gaps' in the metal around the
periphery. Towards the bottom, there's a tiny button that sits flush with the
frame press this in and it detaches the removable module.The battery will also
slide out which means this is one of the few flagships with a removable
battery.A couple of modular Friends have been announced for the camera and
audio. The camera module has a tiny battery inside it adds a physical shutter
button and a nicer camera-like grip. The audio enhancement module by B&O
supposedly works to improve audio quality. We couldn't get to test these out
till the time of going to

press. The idea is that LG and third-party can design more of these Friends to
work with the G5 and possibly future LG flagships.Seems like a good idea but
hinges on LG selling a significant number of G5's to begin with.

The camera is one of the highlights of the device. The primary camera is a 16MP
unit with optical image stabilization, f1.8 aperture and laser autofocus. This
is a bril liant camera that

captures loads of detail in most con ditions. The wide a p e r t u r e g ive s a
nice depth of field.

The second lens is an 8MP with f2.0 ap e r t u re a n d u l t r a wide angle of
view.

It has a 135-degree field of view and you'll be surprised at how much you

can fit into the frame with this.Even in a small space, you will likely capture
the entire area. This camera works best outdoors. The camera app offers loads of
features too: time lapse, manual mode, panorama, RAW image capture, HDR, film
effect and some interesting pop-out and multiview modes (these modes use both
cameras simultaneously).

The G5 also has the amazing

Snapdragon 820 with 4GB RAM and 32GB storage. It can tackle any sort of app or
game without a hiccup. The interface is powered by Android 6.0.1 not much
bloatware and there are some nice extras: you can have five on-screen buttons
for instance, there are handy phone management tools built in, a very nice
universal remote app and even a way to re-install recently uninstalled apps if
you deleted something by mistake. Battery life is about a day with nor mal use
though it might need a charge by late evening if you're a heavy user.Luckily, it
does support fast charging.

Undoubtedly, there are some things that are really great about the G5 but there
are also some things that have no place in a Rs50k + smartphone. For starters,
the build quality. There is a very significant, sharp ridge at the place where
the battery module detaches from the phone. The screen is good but it has
thicker bezels than we're used to. The modular functionality is very limited and
the current Friends are expensive add-ons. So it's a tough call to take. Our
vote still goes to the S7 edge (for simply brilliant design, quality and
unparalleled camera) or the iPhone 6S Plus (for a better overall experience,
including battery, OS, apps and camera).

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

LG G5 rumored specs reveal iris scanner

LENGTH: 183  words


By tbreak Staff - Tweet from Techradar

The LG G5 is already on its way, and rumors having started making rounds around
the Internet.

According to GSM Arena, the G5 might be launching very soon. No official
information regarding the specs have come from the company, but rumors and leaks
suggest that it will have a 5.6 inch QHD resolution IPS LCD display of 1440 x
2560 pixels. It is rumored to run on a 64 bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 and a
battery of 3000 to 3500 mAh. It may also be running on 3GB of RAM.

While its predecessor had an optional leather back, the G5 is expected to sport
a classier metal unibody. It will also have an enhanced camera of 20 to 21
megapixels and a front facing camera of 8 megapixels. It is rumored to have
biometric security, such as an iris scanner to unlock the phone. A fingerprint
scanner may also be found.

Rumors suggest an early release sometime in February, giving LG a slight edge
over Samsung who will is expected to reveal the Galaxy S7 that month. Price
details and confirmed specs are yet to be revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/79/145009228401.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 29, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

5 Hot Upcoming Smartphone Launches Of 2016

BYLINE: FnF Correspondent

LENGTH: 431  words


Here are top 5 smartphones that will be launched in coming months.

Friday, January 29, 2016: 2015 was a big buzz in smartphone industry. The year
set many trends for smartphone users. Budget Android phones became smarter than
the high end devices. We have much more expectations from 2016. We will witness
many more launches and new trends in 2016. Today we have listed top 6
smartphones of 2016.

1. Blackberry Priv

Priv is Blackberry's most buzzed Android smartphone. The device is already
available in USA. The smartphone is finally coming to India this month.
Blackberry Priv sports 5.4-inch QHD display. The device is powered by Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 SoC and 3GB RAM. Blackberry has packed 18MP of primary camera and
2MP of front facing camera in Priv. The 3410 mAh battery promises to last for a
day-long usage. Blackberry Priv comes with 32GB on board storage.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge

Samsung is all set to launch Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge flagship smartphones at
MWC2016. The device will soon be launched in India. Samsung has used two
processors in S7 line: Exynos and Snapdragon. The company will launch two
versions of these devices: 5.2-inch flat screen version and 5.5-inch curved
screen version. S7 will sport 12MP primary camera. Reports claim that, the
devices will be dust and waterproof.

3. LG G5

LG will unveil its next generation flagship smarpthone, G5 much before MWC2016.
The next generation flagship device by LG will feature 5.6-inch score size and
4K display. The G5 will have somewhere between 3-6GB RAM and three storage
options- 32, 64 and 128GB. LG has packed Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor in
G5. The smartphone will sport 20MP primary snapper and 8MP selfie camera. The
device is powered by 4000 mAh battery.

4. Microsoft Surface Phone

The company is expected to launch the new series of phones at MWC. The surface
phones will feature 5.5-inch AMOLED display of 1440X2560 px resolution. The
devices will be powered by Intel Atom x3 (SoFIA) CPU and 4GB RAM. Microsoft may
pack 64GB of internal storage and external storage support up to 128GB. The
devices might sport high end 21MP primary camera and 8MP front facing wide angle
camera.

5. OnePlus 3

Smartphones from OnePlus created the great media buzz in 2015. The early stage
startup has managed to create legendary devices. OnePlus is all set to release
the next generation of its flagship smartphone. The handset will be powered by
64-bit Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC and 4GB RAM. OnePlus 3 will sport full HD
AMOLED display and 4000mAh battery. The smartphone will run on Cyanogen OS with
Android Marshmallow.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

LG G5: For the landscape photographer

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 565 words


The LG G5 is the first smartphone launched this year to feature a dual-camera
system.

One camera uses a 16-megapixel sensor with a wide-angle 28mm lens and big f/1.8
aperture.

The second camera uses an eight-megapixel sensor but with an ultra-wide angle
10mm lens and a slightly smaller f/2.4 aperture.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $988 (without contract)

REAR CAMERAS: 16-megapixel 28mm f/1.8; eight-megapixel 10mm f/2.4

SENSOR PIXEL SIZE: 1.12 microns

The 10mm lens' coverage is really wide, providing a 135-degree angle of view
that looks almost like a fish-eye lens. Only the 16-megapixel camera has optical
image stabiliser, but both cameras allow for manual controls and use laser
sensors for auto-focusing.

Unlike the Apple iPhone 7 Plus, which uses both its two cameras at the same
time, LG's dual-camera system uses only one camera at any one time.

The G5 does not have the zooming function of the iPhone 7 Plus. There are two
icons - wide-angle and ultra-wide - in the camera app, so you tap on one of the
two icons to toggle the focal length.

A simple test of putting your finger to block one lens while tapping on the
wide-angle or ultra-wide icon to change focal length will prove it. You will see
one of the views blocked by your finger.

The native camera app of G5 looks simple and it starts up pretty quickly, either
from the start screen or the home screen when tapped.

In landscape orientation, there are the usual tools of shooting mode, flash,
selfie and settings on the left side of the screen, with the shutter release,
video recording and picture preview options on the right.

The more serious photographer can switch to manual mode, where you can change
white balance, ISO and shutter speed. But the auto mode will probably suffice
for most.

By default, there are nine autofocusing (AF) points in the middle of the screen,
but you can always tap on the screen to focus on the subject.

The AF is pretty quick for a smartphone. It locks on to a focus almost instantly
under bright sunlight.

Even in low lighting conditions, it takes at most two seconds to secure a focus.
Image quality for both wide- and ultra-wide angle shots during daytime is
impressive, with great details and wide dynamic range.

Colours look vivid and saturated. However, the edges tend to be a tad soft upon
closer scrutiny, especially for the ultra-wide images.

In night landscape shots, the images tend to look overexposed, with the dark sky
looking illuminated. There is also chromatic noise with some loss of details. I
would recommend switching to manual mode and dialling down the exposure.

The stitching of the different frames in a panoramic image is almost perfect
except for one or two instances where jagged lines are evident, but the
exposures through the stitched frame do not differ by much.

Unlike the Huawei P9 and Apple iPhone 7 Plus, the G5's camera app does not have
a bokeh effect function. You need to change the camera app's mode to manual and
set the aperture to f/1.8 to achieve the bokeh effect.

As such, the bokeh effect is not as evident compared with the P9 and iPhone 7
Plus. However, the images look far more natural than the other smartphones in
this round-up.

Trevor Tan

· Verdict: Despite being the "oldest" smartphone in this round-up, the LG G5's
dual-lens camera system stood out on its own. With its ultra-wide angle lens, it
caters more for landscape or travel photography.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The LG G5 (above) is the first smartphone launched this year to feature
a dual-camera system.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                             April 15, 2016 Friday
                                  APM Edition

MORE VALUE WITH AIR+ SAVER

SECTION: BZP; Others; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 774 words


Expedia.com.sg is a one-stop shop for all your travel needs. You can pick and
choose from a wide selection of over 271,000 hotels and 400 airlines worldwide.

With Air+ Saver, you can get more value for your holiday. Book your flight and
hotel together and get free hotel nights. Terms and conditions apply.

Cannot decide which hotel to book? Book your flight with Expedia first and get
up to 55-per-cent off hotels if you come back within 10 days.

Catering to travellers of different budgets, Expedia offers luxury villas to
pocket-friendly hotels, and full-service to low-cost airlines.

Visit expedia.com.sg for details.

The LG G5 modular smartphone from LG Electronics is a showcase of cutting-edge
technologies and rich features.

The phone sports dual 78° and 135° camera lenses for wide-angle shots and an
always-on display that shows the time, date and notification icons continuously
with minimal power consumption. It also has Dolby Digital Plus and 7.1 channel
audio for cinema-style sound that delivers dialogue and nuanced effects clearly
even in noisy environments.

The LG G5 runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow and has a 5.3-inch QHD display.
Available in Singapore from tomorrow onwards, the LG G5 retails at S$988.

Visit lg.com/sg for details.

Quench your thirst with Lightly Sparkling Ribena. To celebrate its launch in
Singapore, Ribena will be having roadshows with Mediacorp artiste Ya Hui as the
host.

She will visit Ang Mo Kio Hub FairPrice tomorrow; and Jurong Point FairPrice and
IMM Giant on May 22.

Get to spin the sure-win wheel with every S$10 purchase of Ribena products,
inclusive of a can of Lightly Sparkling Ribena. Prizes include a S$5 voucher.
Take part in the Q&A session to win a limited-edition Ribena Sparkling EZ-link
card.

Visit ribena.com.sg for details.

Borden Singapore, manufacturer of the Eagle Brand Green Medicated Oil, has
launched an aromatherapy roll-on called Fresh On.

The roll-on is refreshing and invigorating, and helps to relieve everyday
fatigue and stress.

Formulated from natural aromatic ingredients, it helps the user to stay alert.
Apply onto the temple, under the nostrils, and behind the earlobes and neck to
allow its therapeutic attributes to give relief.

According to Borden Singapore, Fresh On relieves motion sickness, giddiness and
itchiness from insect bites. Packaged in a handy 8ml bottle, Fresh On is
suitable for people who travel, play sports or do outdoor activities. Retailing
at S$29.99, it is available at all three terminals at Changi Airport and at
leading pharmacies.

Visit bordeneagle.com.sg for details.

Derma-Rx has unveiled scalp and hair products to complement The DRx Trichology
Centre's hair regeneration treatments after 17 years in the premier skincare
line arena.

The Derma-Rx Trichology range comprises four products. Scalp-clear Prewash
(S$65) contains fruit enzymes to exfoliate the scalp while removing excess oil
and dirt. Purifying Shampoo (S$59) revitalises the scalp and strengthens hair
from root to tip.

Nourishing Conditioner (S$59) penetrates the hair to deliver moisture and
nutrients to make hair soft and smooth. Trans-follicular Serum (S$109) promotes
healthy hair growth and protects the scalp from external factors that can lead
to hair loss.

Visit ceutika.com for details.

Malaysian airline Firefly is celebrating its ninth birthday this year and it
thanks its passengers for its support throughout the years. Having started
operations in 2007 with just two 50-seater Fokker 50 aircraft, Firefly now has a
fleet of 19 ATR 72 turboprops aircraft.

Over the years, Firefly has attained many achievements. In 2015, it collaborated
with Peugeot to create the Peugeot Lounge. The lounge was recognised as the
nation's First Automotive Airport Lounge by the Malaysia Book of Records.

The airline recently launched the Kota Bharu-Langkawi route to provide
convenience to Firefly passengers on the north-eastern side of the country.

Quote FYHAPPY9 to get 20-per-cent off base fare for flights from Singapore and
Ipoh till April 30.

Visit fireflyz.com.my for details.

Supplement your skincare routine with Imedeen. Imedeen skincare tablets contain
naturally based ingredients chosen for their anti-ageing effects and positive
impact on skin condition.

Time Perfection 35+ helps protect collagen and elastin fibres against harmful UV
rays. It also helps to whiten your skin. Prime Renewal 45+ aims to stimulate the
regeneration of collagen. Lastly, Imedeen Hair & Nails gives you the essential
nutrients needed for healthy hair growth.

Imedeen products are sold at Guardian, Unity and Watsons outlets, with prices
ranging from S$48 to S$173.

Visit imedeen.com.sg for details.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:




Marketbuzz


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                      July 16, 2015 Thursday 12:23 PM  EST

Australia: LG Owns Trademark for 'LG G2 ; LG G3 ; LG G4 ; LG G5 ; LG G6 ; LG G7
; LG G8 ; LG G9'

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: Australia


Australia, July 16 -- LG Corp., KOREA, REPUBLIC OF, owns the trademark (1592775)
for 'LG G2 ; LG G3 ; LG G4 ; LG G5 ; LG G6 ; LG G7 ; LG G8 ; LG G9' from Nov.
21, 2013, through Nov. 21, 2023.

Status: Registered/Protected Class: 9 [Mobile phones; television receivers (TV
sets); universal serial bus (USB) drives; computer monitors; notebook computers;
computers; digital versatile disc (DVD) players; external hard disk drives for
computer; apparatus for recording, transmission and/or reproduction of sound and
images; application software; audio receivers; network monitoring cameras;
digital signage; digital colour printers; tablet personal computers; settop box;
scanners; mouses for computers; car speakers; projectors Endorsements:] Type of
Mark: Word Series Lodgement Date: Nov. 21, 2013 Date of Acceptance: April 22
Registration Advertised: July 16 For further details contact Davies Collison
Cave, Victoria. The original document can be viewed at:
http://pericles.ipaustralia.gov.au/atmoss/falcon_details.show_tm_details?p_tm_nu
mber=1592775&p_search_no=1&p_ExtDisp=D&p_detail=DETAILED&p_rec_no=1&p_rec_all=50
0. For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

LG V20: First smartphone with Android Nougat to open pre-orders soon;
Tech giant, LG, has always been a tech company with marketing genius. When
announced the LG V20 was hailed as the first smartphone to be unveiled with the
latest Android 7.0 Nougat and now it is going to be available soon. The post LG
V20: First smartp...

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 318  words


Tech giant, LG, has always been a tech company with marketing genius. When
announced the LG V20 was hailed as the first smartphone to be unveiled with the
latest Android 7.0 Nougat and now it is going to be available soon. This week
though it will be launched only in South Korea, while the world will have to
wait. LG has had for a long time a series of disappointing sales figures,
especially with the horrifying low sales of the LG G5. The LG V20 was unveiled
in San Francisco. The new V10 successor has the same design and almost similar
specifications as that of the LG G5 design, yet the company decided to add some
unique features.

The lG V20 has an alluminum body with some silicon made material on the rear
end. This smartphone at 7.6 mm, is even slimmer than the Galaxy Note 7. The
smartphone appears to be easier to hold but there might be questions about its
durability. Though it supports the Quick Charge 3.0 similar to LG G5, but there
is the new USB Type-C port has been added. Because of Nougat, LG reintroduces
the multi window feature. The smartphone even beats Google's Pixel to being the
first Nougat device.

The LG V20 smartphone is powered by Snapdragon 820 processor with a DDR 4 RAM of
4 GB. The display screen is a huge 5.7-inch with 1440 p IPS. and a secondary
1040160 IPS (513ppi). The internal storage is expected to be 64 GB with the slot
for memory card. The rear camera is 16 megapixels with wide angle lens and f/1.8
aperture. On the front, the camera is able to click at 5 megapixels and aperture
of f/1.9. The device has a removable battery of 3200 mAh. The phone has great
dimensions of 159.7 x 78.1 x 7.6mm.

The regular features like HD audio recording, Hi-Fi video recording, and more as
intact. LG's partnership with Bang & Olufsen for audio parts is only available
for a few countries. LG's new smartphone will be availabe in three colours -
Titan (grey), Silver, and Pink.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

LG shrugs off rivalry threat from budget iPhone '

LENGTH: 505 words


LG Electronics mobile business chief Cho Juno poses with the company's new
flagship smartphone, the G5, before holding a meeting with local reporters, at
an experience zone in southern Seoul, Thursday. / YonhapBy Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics on Thursday waxed lyrical about its new flagship smartphone, the
G5, shrugging off challenges from Apple's new 'budget iPhone' amid a slowdown in
the high-end smartphone market.

The hype is part of LG's bid to build strong brand loyalty at a time when the
company needs a turnaround to end the underperformance of its mobile unit and
rebound from its relatively weak profile in the premium device market.

'Cost-effectiveness is not what device makers necessarily pursue, but they
should create a very special value and make something out of it,' Cho Juno, LG
Electronics' mobile chief, said in a meeting with reporters in southern Seoul.
'The same thing goes for us. That's why we do not care too much about a rival's
product. LG will tackle the lukewarm market response in the high-end handset
market in the same regard.'

Apple launched the iPhone SE, a revamped version of its iPhone 5S, on Monday in
the United States. The less-expensive Apple smartphone is expected to land here
in May, more than a month after G5's official Korean launch on Mar. 31.

The remarks came as the company held a press event offer hands-on experience for
its modular handset, the first of its kind, as its global debut nears.

Under the theme of fun and imagination, the company previously unveiled the LG
Friends, a line of companion devices equipped with interchangeable modules, as
its first move into the relatively young modular device industry.

'LG Electronics does not care seriously about rankings, at the moment, as we are
focused on making sure the new device provides consumers a variety of options to
have fun,' Cho said. 'By combining fun and imaginative elements, we are sure to
overcome market uncertainties.'

Regarding Samsung's Galaxy trade-in program, Cho said the company is in internal
talks to launch a similar program of its kind, but declined to comment in
detail.

Earlier this month, Samsung Electronics launched its own smartphone upgrade
program, Galaxy Club, in a move to strengthen customer loyalty. Apple was the
first to introduce a trade-in program, launching the iPhone Upgrade Program in
the U.S. last year.

'We are in discussions to launch our own customer care program, but no specific
blueprint has been drawn,' Cho said.

The company cannot exclude the possibility of giving up on such a marketing
strategy, as its archrivals have already made that move, according to the mobile
chief.

Speaking on the proposal of an ecosystem for modular device development, the
company expressed its excitement, as this will help not just the company, but
small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to attain sustainable growth.

'If we set an example by creating a new sales channel for the modular device
ecosystem, this will generate explosive synergy in the saturated smartphone
industry,' Cho said.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

LG to give up modular concept for next flagship phone

LENGTH: 208 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics has allegedly decided not to adopt the modular
concept of its flagship smartphone G5 for its successor, tentatively called G6
that will be launched next year.

According to news reports on Oct. 21, the Korean tech giant has made the
decision following the dismal failure of the G5, the industry's first modular
smartphone that is accompanied with accessory modules that improve camera and
audio functions.

Despite the highly publicized debut in February, the phone has failed to appeal
to customers who complain about the high price and practicality of accessory
modules. Analysts predict a modest 7 million unit sales of the G5 this year.

With its sluggish device sales showing no sign of recovery, the mobile business
division has continued shrinking its organization to cut costs. The unit
recently pledged to focus resources on its premium G and V series, while
reducing low-end lineups.

An LG spokesperson said nothing has been confirmed about the upcoming G6,
including about giving up the modular concept.

In its earnings guidance announced early this month, LG said it would see 283.2
billion won (US$253 million) in its third-quarter operating profit, missing
analysts' estimate of 319.4 billion won.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

LG sells 1.6m G5 phones globally

LENGTH: 264 words


LG Electronics said Thursday its flagship smartphone G5 shipments have exceeded
1.6 million units globally since its launch a month ago.

"We will see more than 3 million shipments in the second quarter," the company
said during a conference call when it reported a 65.5 percent surge in operating
profit to 505.2 billion won ($440 million) in the first quarter from a year ago.

Even though strong sales of home appliances, especially more lucrative premium
models, elevated the company's profits overall, the mobile business division
suffered a 200 billion won deficit due to marketing costs for the G5.

The company said it could see a turnaround in the second quarter when G5
shipments, along with those of the new budget phone K Series, start to be
reflected in sales.

The company predicted its quarterly sales could reach 3.6 trillion won in the
second quarter, calling the figure a break-even point for the mobile business
division.

The G5 is the industry's first modular smartphone that allows users to upgrade
camera and audio functions by switching different modules. Unlike earlier
concerns about the tricky production, the company said it has no supply
constraints.

Despite a profit surge in the first quarter, sales were down 4.5 percent to 13.9
trillion won compared to the same period last year largely due to seasonal week
demand for TVs and smartphones.

Sales of the vehicle component division reported a 55 percent growth on strong
performance of in-car infotainment systems but operating loss was 15.8 billion
won due to increased investments, the company said.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Samsung, LG pin hopes on new smartphones

BYLINE:  Paul Sandle |and Harro Ten Wolde |Barcelona

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 459 words


SAMSUNG Electronics and LG Electronics unveiled their latest smartphones at the
Mobile World Congress industry show in Barcelona on Sunday, seeking to buck the
slowdown in industry growth.

Phone makers face another tough year in 2016 as subdued global growth and
persisting currency weakness in key emerging markets sap consumers' spending
power.

A push by Chinese manufacturers to expand overseas amid slowing growth in their
domestic market may also undercut margins further.

In a bid to recapture market share, Samsung launched two new versions of its
Galaxy S smartphone and brought in Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg for
a surprise appearance to tout the potential of virtual reality, prompting
hundreds of people to rush to the stage to record the moment.

LG, which lost money from its cellular business last year as its flagship
products struggled, introduced a modular design to its new G5 smartphones that
allows users to replace or upgrade functions, such as camera and audio,
independently. It also launched a virtual reality headset and accessories
including a drone controller to pair with the G5.

Analysts and investors cheered LG's features, which they said were different
enough to possibly revive sales, but were lukewarm about Samsung's offerings,
saying they only featured incremental upgrades.

"I think it's possible for LG's mobile business to recover on its new product
launch, since they delivered significant changes with the G5," said Seoul-based
HDC Asset Management fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The Galaxy S7, however, doesn't seem to be creating as much buzz," Park added.

Samsung shares were down 1.3 percent early yesterday, underperforming a 0.2
percent fall for the broader market, while LG's share price was up 3 percent.

Revamps could prove key to smartphone makers as 2016 shapes up to be another
tough year: researcher TrendForce expects the smartphone market growth to slow
to 8.1 percent from 10.3 percent a year earlier.

Margin pressures are also expected to intensify for the industry as Chinese
manufacturers seek to expand overseas to counter slowing domestic demand.

Samsung at the weekend said its mobile payments service, Samsung Pay, would
launch in China next month, a month after Apple launched its Apple Pay service
in the world's biggest smartphone market.

The company fell out of the top five in the world's top smartphone market last
year but hopes that its easy-to-use payments service will help it regain sales
momentum.

"The challenge you have got in the smartphone market is breaking through all
that sameness. From a design and functionality perspective, everything looks and
feels the same," Bob O'Donnell, the president of Technalysis Research, said.

"So the challenge is finding things that stick out."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Samsung, LG pin hopes on new smartphones

BYLINE:  Paul Sandle |and Harro Ten Wolde |Barcelona

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 452 words


SAMSUNG Electronics and LG Electronics unveiled their latest smartphones at the
Mobile World Congress industry show in Barcelona on Sunday, seeking to buck the
slowdown in industry growth.

Phone makers face another tough year in 2016 as subdued global growth and
persisting currency weakness in key emerging markets sap consumers' spending
power.

A push by Chinese manufacturers to expand overseas amid slowing growth in their
domestic market may also undercut margins further.

In a bid to recapture market share, Samsung launched two new versions of its
Galaxy S smartphone and brought in Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg for
a surprise appearance to tout the potential of virtual reality, prompting
hundreds of people to rush to the stage to record the moment.

LG, which lost money from its cellular business last year as its flagship
products struggled, introduced a modular design to its new G5 smartphones that
allows users to replace or upgrade functions, such as camera and audio,
independently. It also launched a virtual reality headset and accessories
including a drone controller to pair with the G5.

Analysts and investors cheered LG's features, which they said were different
enough to possibly revive sales, but were lukewarm about Samsung's offerings,
saying they only featured incremental upgrades.

"I think it's possible for LG's mobile business to recover on its new product
launch, since they delivered significant changes with the G5," said Seoul-based
HDC Asset Management fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The Galaxy S7, however, doesn't seem to be creating as much buzz," Park added.

Samsung shares were down 1.3 percent early yesterday, underperforming a 0.2
percent fall for the broader market, while LG's share price was up 3 percent.

Revamps could prove key to smartphone makers as 2016 shapes up to be another
tough year: researcher TrendForce expects the smartphone market growth to slow
to 8.1 percent from 10.3 percent a year earlier.

Margin pressures are also expected to intensify for the industry as Chinese
manufacturers seek to expand overseas to counter slowing domestic demand.

Samsung at the weekend said its mobile payments service, Samsung Pay, would
launch in China next month, a month after Apple launched its Apple Pay service
in the world's biggest smartphone market.

The company fell out of the top five in the world's top smartphone market last
year but hopes that its easy-to-use payments service will help it regain sales
momentum.

"The challenge you have got in the smartphone market is breaking through all
that sameness. From a design and functionality perspective, everything looks and
feels the same," Bob O'Donnell, the president of Technalysis Research, said. -
Reuters

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                         The Gympie Times (Queensland)

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday

Unique modular idea

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 586  words



HIGHLIGHT: LG's phone with "~friends' offers the option of switching or adding
components


SMARTPHONE manufacturers walk a tightrope as they evolve their industrial
design. They must show new, fancy features such as new colours and materials,
but at the same time keep enough of the design features of previous models to
reassure fans.

This week, LG released the G5, which turns away from the styling of previous G
series handsets. The G5 has a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3 inches instead of
5.5 inches) but is a little heavier.

Even so, it feels light in the hand and easy to handle. The extra weight is down
to a new, modular design, which just means you can take bits off it and put
others on.

Modular phone

Few other manufacturers have used modular design in their phones. It all works
through a clever removable base. Press a discreet, flush side button and the
bottom centimetre or so of the phone slides out, complete with a bright green
battery. You can then separate the battery from the base - and be warned, this
takes some courage because it doesn't feel like it wants to come apart. You can
then replace it with a chunky camera shutter unit with an ergonomically useful
trigger button and bigger battery or with an audio unit with a Digital Analogue
Converter in it.

Clip-on friends

There are other accessories - friends, LG calls them, but try not to be put off
by that - and more will follow. The audio unit is designed in conjunction with
Bang & Olufsen and creates very high quality audio when you're listening through
headphones. It has a Micro-USB connector on it, so you could use it with other
phones, too. The Cam Plus module is one of the more useful "friends".

In other words, LG has designed a phone that has the potential to get better as
it goes along, just by updating software and adding an extra gadget, or
replacing a battery, say. Note that every time you attach a new friend, you have
to reboot the phone, but this doesn't take long.

Of course, lots of people may not buy any extra friends for their phone, so how
does it stand up on its own?

Design

First of all, the design is pretty good. It doesn't have the out-there styling
elements of the G4 (heavily scooped concave screen, leather back complete with
stitching) and it's all the better for it. This is a demure, understated phone
that feels smooth, apart from the join between the display and the removable
bottom edge, but that's to be expected. The screen here is still concave but
only very gently so.

Camera

One of the most striking things about the G5 is that it has two cameras on the
rear. Two different lenses gleam out at you.

There's a regular camera, with 16-megapixel resolution, which is what you'll
probably use most of the time. It's pretty good, quickly responsive and not
prone to too much shutter lag. Picture quality is strong overall.

The wide-angle camera can be useful in certain settings.

But then there's the eight-megapixel wide-angle camera. It has a 135-degree
lens, wider than the human eye can see.

Verdict

The LG G5 is unique. There are no other phones (currently) that you can take
apart and rebuild as you can with the detachable bottom on the G5. The design is
strong, though the build quality is not immaculate. But the strengths are many:
good battery life, decent performance, an excellent main camera and interesting
extra wide-angle camera alongside. LG has definitely succeeded in making a phone
that is not a me-too copy of its rivals. Not everyone will buy into the
"friends" eco-system, but the fact that accessories like the camera shutter and
the audio improver exist is pretty cool.

- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GGT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Unique modular idea

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 586  words



HIGHLIGHT: LG's phone with "~friends' offers the option of switching or adding
components


SMARTPHONE manufacturers walk a tightrope as they evolve their industrial
design. They must show new, fancy features such as new colours and materials,
but at the same time keep enough of the design features of previous models to
reassure fans.

This week, LG released the G5, which turns away from the styling of previous G
series handsets. The G5 has a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3 inches instead of
5.5 inches) but is a little heavier.

Even so, it feels light in the hand and easy to handle. The extra weight is down
to a new, modular design, which just means you can take bits off it and put
others on.

Modular phone

Few other manufacturers have used modular design in their phones. It all works
through a clever removable base. Press a discreet, flush side button and the
bottom centimetre or so of the phone slides out, complete with a bright green
battery. You can then separate the battery from the base - and be warned, this
takes some courage because it doesn't feel like it wants to come apart. You can
then replace it with a chunky camera shutter unit with an ergonomically useful
trigger button and bigger battery or with an audio unit with a Digital Analogue
Converter in it.

Clip-on friends

There are other accessories - friends, LG calls them, but try not to be put off
by that - and more will follow. The audio unit is designed in conjunction with
Bang & Olufsen and creates very high quality audio when you're listening through
headphones. It has a Micro-USB connector on it, so you could use it with other
phones, too. The Cam Plus module is one of the more useful "friends".

In other words, LG has designed a phone that has the potential to get better as
it goes along, just by updating software and adding an extra gadget, or
replacing a battery, say. Note that every time you attach a new friend, you have
to reboot the phone, but this doesn't take long.

Of course, lots of people may not buy any extra friends for their phone, so how
does it stand up on its own?

Design

First of all, the design is pretty good. It doesn't have the out-there styling
elements of the G4 (heavily scooped concave screen, leather back complete with
stitching) and it's all the better for it. This is a demure, understated phone
that feels smooth, apart from the join between the display and the removable
bottom edge, but that's to be expected. The screen here is still concave but
only very gently so.

Camera

One of the most striking things about the G5 is that it has two cameras on the
rear. Two different lenses gleam out at you.

There's a regular camera, with 16-megapixel resolution, which is what you'll
probably use most of the time. It's pretty good, quickly responsive and not
prone to too much shutter lag. Picture quality is strong overall.

The wide-angle camera can be useful in certain settings.

But then there's the eight-megapixel wide-angle camera. It has a 135-degree
lens, wider than the human eye can see.

Verdict

The LG G5 is unique. There are no other phones (currently) that you can take
apart and rebuild as you can with the detachable bottom on the G5. The design is
strong, though the build quality is not immaculate. But the strengths are many:
good battery life, decent performance, an excellent main camera and interesting
extra wide-angle camera alongside. LG has definitely succeeded in making a phone
that is not a me-too copy of its rivals. Not everyone will buy into the
"friends" eco-system, but the fact that accessories like the camera shutter and
the audio improver exist is pretty cool.

- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 820 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Unique modular idea

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 586  words



HIGHLIGHT: LG's phone with "~friends' offers the option of switching or adding
components


SMARTPHONE manufacturers walk a tightrope as they evolve their industrial
design. They must show new, fancy features such as new colours and materials,
but at the same time keep enough of the design features of previous models to
reassure fans.

This week, LG released the G5, which turns away from the styling of previous G
series handsets. The G5 has a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3 inches instead of
5.5 inches) but is a little heavier.

Even so, it feels light in the hand and easy to handle. The extra weight is down
to a new, modular design, which just means you can take bits off it and put
others on.

Modular phone

Few other manufacturers have used modular design in their phones. It all works
through a clever removable base. Press a discreet, flush side button and the
bottom centimetre or so of the phone slides out, complete with a bright green
battery. You can then separate the battery from the base - and be warned, this
takes some courage because it doesn't feel like it wants to come apart. You can
then replace it with a chunky camera shutter unit with an ergonomically useful
trigger button and bigger battery or with an audio unit with a Digital Analogue
Converter in it.

Clip-on friends

There are other accessories - friends, LG calls them, but try not to be put off
by that - and more will follow. The audio unit is designed in conjunction with
Bang & Olufsen and creates very high quality audio when you're listening through
headphones. It has a Micro-USB connector on it, so you could use it with other
phones, too. The Cam Plus module is one of the more useful "friends".

In other words, LG has designed a phone that has the potential to get better as
it goes along, just by updating software and adding an extra gadget, or
replacing a battery, say. Note that every time you attach a new friend, you have
to reboot the phone, but this doesn't take long.

Of course, lots of people may not buy any extra friends for their phone, so how
does it stand up on its own?

Design

First of all, the design is pretty good. It doesn't have the out-there styling
elements of the G4 (heavily scooped concave screen, leather back complete with
stitching) and it's all the better for it. This is a demure, understated phone
that feels smooth, apart from the join between the display and the removable
bottom edge, but that's to be expected. The screen here is still concave but
only very gently so.

Camera

One of the most striking things about the G5 is that it has two cameras on the
rear. Two different lenses gleam out at you.

There's a regular camera, with 16-megapixel resolution, which is what you'll
probably use most of the time. It's pretty good, quickly responsive and not
prone to too much shutter lag. Picture quality is strong overall.

The wide-angle camera can be useful in certain settings.

But then there's the eight-megapixel wide-angle camera. It has a 135-degree
lens, wider than the human eye can see.

Verdict

The LG G5 is unique. There are no other phones (currently) that you can take
apart and rebuild as you can with the detachable bottom on the G5. The design is
strong, though the build quality is not immaculate. But the strengths are many:
good battery life, decent performance, an excellent main camera and interesting
extra wide-angle camera alongside. LG has definitely succeeded in making a phone
that is not a me-too copy of its rivals. Not everyone will buy into the
"friends" eco-system, but the fact that accessories like the camera shutter and
the audio improver exist is pretty cool.

- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Unique modular idea

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 586  words



HIGHLIGHT: LG's phone with "~friends' offers the option of switching or adding
components


SMARTPHONE manufacturers walk a tightrope as they evolve their industrial
design. They must show new, fancy features such as new colours and materials,
but at the same time keep enough of the design features of previous models to
reassure fans.

This week, LG released the G5, which turns away from the styling of previous G
series handsets. The G5 has a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3 inches instead of
5.5 inches) but is a little heavier.

Even so, it feels light in the hand and easy to handle. The extra weight is down
to a new, modular design, which just means you can take bits off it and put
others on.

Modular phone

Few other manufacturers have used modular design in their phones. It all works
through a clever removable base. Press a discreet, flush side button and the
bottom centimetre or so of the phone slides out, complete with a bright green
battery. You can then separate the battery from the base - and be warned, this
takes some courage because it doesn't feel like it wants to come apart. You can
then replace it with a chunky camera shutter unit with an ergonomically useful
trigger button and bigger battery or with an audio unit with a Digital Analogue
Converter in it.

Clip-on friends

There are other accessories - friends, LG calls them, but try not to be put off
by that - and more will follow. The audio unit is designed in conjunction with
Bang & Olufsen and creates very high quality audio when you're listening through
headphones. It has a Micro-USB connector on it, so you could use it with other
phones, too. The Cam Plus module is one of the more useful "friends".

In other words, LG has designed a phone that has the potential to get better as
it goes along, just by updating software and adding an extra gadget, or
replacing a battery, say. Note that every time you attach a new friend, you have
to reboot the phone, but this doesn't take long.

Of course, lots of people may not buy any extra friends for their phone, so how
does it stand up on its own?

Design

First of all, the design is pretty good. It doesn't have the out-there styling
elements of the G4 (heavily scooped concave screen, leather back complete with
stitching) and it's all the better for it. This is a demure, understated phone
that feels smooth, apart from the join between the display and the removable
bottom edge, but that's to be expected. The screen here is still concave but
only very gently so.

Camera

One of the most striking things about the G5 is that it has two cameras on the
rear. Two different lenses gleam out at you.

There's a regular camera, with 16-megapixel resolution, which is what you'll
probably use most of the time. It's pretty good, quickly responsive and not
prone to too much shutter lag. Picture quality is strong overall.

The wide-angle camera can be useful in certain settings.

But then there's the eight-megapixel wide-angle camera. It has a 135-degree
lens, wider than the human eye can see.

Verdict

The LG G5 is unique. There are no other phones (currently) that you can take
apart and rebuild as you can with the detachable bottom on the G5. The design is
strong, though the build quality is not immaculate. But the strengths are many:
good battery life, decent performance, an excellent main camera and interesting
extra wide-angle camera alongside. LG has definitely succeeded in making a phone
that is not a me-too copy of its rivals. Not everyone will buy into the
"friends" eco-system, but the fact that accessories like the camera shutter and
the audio improver exist is pretty cool.

- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Why substandard products dominate building materials' market

BYLINE: Uche Atuma

LENGTH: 2379 words


Stories by Maduka Nweke Substandard products have remained a clog in Nigeria's
bid for industrialisation


Stories by Maduka Nweke

Substandard products have remained a clog in Nigeria's bid for industrialisation
and the housing sector appears to be the worst hit. This is because substandard
building materials are still flooding the market. The damage this has done to
Nigerian industrialisation is better imagined than experienced considering the
quantum of destruction witnessed by those using them.


Whether the menace would continue or abate is a matter of conjecture as
Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) seems handicapped by the various lapses
that hinder its drive to stamp  the scourge out of the system.
The SON has the mandate to support and regulate made-in-Nigeria goods as a way
of developing the economy and at the same time check imported goods.
Nigerian producers have three major disadvantages because they are operating in
a disadvantaged infrastructural environment and naturally the costs of their
products are higher than those of their competitors overseas. But even more
important is the fact that these products are competing with substandard
products and menace of dumping. Every nation must protect its industries such
that others would not come and bring products and sell below the normal price
such a product should go for considering all the cost elements.
SON has been complaining that absence of its personnel at the nation's borders
has made it difficult to prevent the influx of substandard foreign products into
the country. Despite the challenges posed by porous borders, it said it is
devising a mechanism to effectively monitor the borders.
oPorous boarders: SON lamented that out of the 155 entry borders in the country,
only five are monitored by operatives of the organisation. There is, therefore,
need for Nigerians to assist the agency in its efforts to eradicate sub-standard
products in the country and one of the ways to do this is to patronise products
that have the Nigeria Industrial Standard (NIS) certification mark in the case
of locally made products and SON mark for foreign products. The danger posed by
the consumption of substandard goods to the health of the nation cannot be
overemphasised. The implication is that the boarders are not properly guarded by
both the Customs and Immigration officials.
oIllegal vessel discharge: The fact that the boarders are not properly
monitored, means that vessels carrying all sorts of goods are not checked but
are allowed to dump things that ordinarily would be regulated out into the
country.
oCompromise on the part of law enforcement agents: It is clear that most of the
illegal dumps pass through regulated ports. Many of the substandard goods that
pass through the Nigerian boarders were certified by law enforcement agents.
When these goods come into the country, what the owners do is just tip the law
enforcement agents at the boarders and they are allowed in to the detriment of
the country. oForeign collaborators: If foreign suppliers check what goes out of
their ports, they would be able to check the continued production of substandard
goods. Since they have failed to do that, the owners would have passed the first
hurdles and the moment the Nigerian boarders are also permeated, the goods would
eventually find their way into the market.
oPoor policy implementation: Most times, policy summersault results in the
manufacture of goods that do not meet the local standard. This forces some of
the goods earlier banned but are lying in the ports to be allowed into the
country.
oGlut of foreign goods: Most Nigerians craving for foreign goods do anything to
discourage the made-in-Nigeria goods. Some government officials, while on
official trips overseas, use the opportunity to bring in all those things that
are banned in the country. And because the security agents do eye service, and
do not check their luggage.
oPoor economy: Due to poverty, some security agents collect tips from importers
to let go these substandard products only for their colleagues to chase the
goods down to the market or the consumers homes.
oBusiness environment: The Nigerian environment is not so regulated because very
few Nigerians can be patriotic enough to help the security agents. This is why
there is influx of small arms in the country. If the business environment does
not suit it, it can't thrive.
oGlitch: Technology has remained the greatest of problems in various boarders in
the country. Most officials that check and test these foreign goods do not have
the matching equipment to measure them and so they are bamboozled into accepting
substandard products as quality standards.
oHigh level of ignorance on the dangers of substandard goods: Most of those who
deal on and patronise these substandard goods cannot trace their origin and are
unaware of the danger they pose to their health. In the case of the second hand
goods termed okirika, they don't know where they were picked from but only that
the designs suit them.
oPoor sensitisation: The fact that government is not doing enough to educate the
public on all these, the public would continue to fall victim. Many times some
sicknesses that are alien to our environment are brought in through such means
while government looks elsewhere.
Some time ago, SON lamented that some of the companies it regulates are yet to
key into its Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) for local
manufacturers even as there is no evidence of SON's Conformity Assessment
Programme (SONCAP) certification for their raw materials importation.  According
to the Acting Director General, SON,  Dr. Paul Angya, "when our Inspectorate and
Compliance team visited some steel pipes companies recently, it was rather
amazing that some of them were not even aware of the applicable industrial
standards. Some of the companies were even manufacturing according to the
specifications given to them by particular clients.
"The situation cannot be tolerated in an organised economy. We have discovered
the level of pipes in circulation  without any identification  marks for
traceability of the pipes to particular manufacturers in line with the
requirement of NIS 324:1997 and NIS 198:1984, non-compliant  gauges, early
corrosion  as well as short length.
We are determined to reduce the level of substandard products in circulation to
the barest minimum."
you are therefore offered this opportunity to embark on immediate house cleaning
and serve your customers well. The time to begin is now and SON will do the best

 possible to protect those unsuspecting consumers. As a facilitating agency, we
are giving you three months from today to address these issues effectively or
face sanctions.
"SON will immediately shut down the operations of anyone caught as an economic
saboteur. We therefore called this meeting to enable all hollow pipes
manufacturing companies to know the right things to do and carry them out. As it

 is our style, immediate enforcement begins after this forum while we give a
guided grace period of 90 days for those who want to tidy up their
non-conforming operations before we carry out wholesome raiding, seizure and
evacuation of all sub- standard pipes in warehouses and firms as well as
prosecution of offenders."

SON pegs 5-yr jail term, N5m for substandard goods dealers

The weather may soon become hotter for dealers in substandard goods if the
warning by the Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) to jail defaulters for
five years without any option of fine is anything to go by.
The SON recently said that it is poised to deal with any company bent on feeding
the Nigerian public with substandard goods. It made the revelation during the
SON/Steel Pipes Stakeholders' Consultative Forum held at the African Sun Hotel,
Ikeja, Lagos, recently where about seven steel pipes manufacturers were in
attendance.
Speaking at the forum, the Acting Director General of SON, Dr. Paul Angya, said
after the SON team inspected the manufacturing processes of some hollow steel
pipes manufacturing companies to ascertain their level of compliance to the
current Nigeria Industrial Standards (NIS), it was found that they were not
complying with the rules.
Angya stated that henceforth, any company still dealing in substandard goods
would be regarded as an economic saboteur to the country and would not be
treated kindly. He said there is five-year jail term for manufacturers of
substandard goods without option of fine, adding that if the presiding judge is
lenient, he could fine the company N5 million in addition to being shut down.
"The present SON under my watch will not condone shortchanging of consumers'
value for money or flooding the markets with substandard products," he said.
"SON will immediately shut down the operations of anyone caught as an economic
saboteur. We therefore called this meeting to enable all hollow pipes
manufacturing companies to know the right things to do and carry them out. As it
is our style, immediate enforcement begins after this forum while we give a
guided grace period of 90 days for those who want to tidy up their
non-conforming operations before we carry out wholesome raid, seizure and
evacuation of all substandard pipes in warehouses and firms as well as
prosecution of offenders," he said.
Angya noted that there was need to confirm the manufacturing processes in line
with applicable standard, quality control and quality assurance and factors
responsible for non-compliant products in circulation as well as take
appropriate action.

Device to download 5-6 apps a day berths in Lagos with LG G5

A new flagship mobile device, the LG G5, created to unleash people's desire to
play around with its environment has berthed in Lagos. It is a device that
captures the excitement of what a smartphone is meant to be.
According to the Managing Director, LG, Mr. S. H. Kim, when smartphones were
first introduced, the public were so fascinated that they could download five to
six apps a day. He stated that these days, the public do not see much excitement
anymore even when a new smartphone is released.
He therefore asked, "Does that mean people's appetite for fun has disappeared?
Of course not. Today's consumers are just looking elsewhere, such as action
cameras or drones. Does that mean the era of smartphones is over? At LG, we
think smartphones' best days are still ahead. The LG G5 is not the only device
we'd like to introduce to the public this time."
Kim stated that the device, LG G5, comes with "Friends" - extensive companion
devices that enhance the user experience in dynamic ways. He explained that
these "Friends" have been optimised to play with the LG G5.
He further explained: "At LG, we believe that 'Life's good when you play more'
and we actually have enjoyed every step of creating the G5 and Friends, dreaming
to reignite your instinct to play. The future of smartphones is still full of
possibilities and the LG G5 and Friends are just the beginning."
He said, as a transformative, modular design, the new LG G5 is made to help the
user get the most out of life. "It is a forward-thinking modular design that
lets you use companion devices for enhanced camera capabilities. The slide-out
battery can be swapped in a flash to help the user stay connected.
"Designed with compromise, the LG G5's sleek, light weight and colourful. The 3D
arc glass of the phone gives the display a gentle curve on the top of the device
for a seamless look. With a balance of form and function, the LG G5's modular
design lets you customise your phone features based on your needs. Simply slide
the battery out and replace it with LG Friend, when it comes to features," he
concluded.
If this is so, then why settle when you can have it all," he concluded.

FG urged to develop grazing reserves in North

From Theresa Egba, Abuja

Fulani herdsmen, under the umbrella of Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders
Association, have called on the Federal Government to focus more in developing
grazing reserves in the North following the crisis between herdsmen and farmers
in the country.
The National Secretary of the group, Baba Othman Ngelzarma, made the call in an
interview at a retreat on Livestock and Dairy Development in Abuja, yesterday,
with the theme, "Setting an Agenda for Commercialising Livestock and Dairy in
Nigeria."
According to him, grazing reserve, which was proposed by the Federal Government
should be immediately looked into while ranching should be done in due process.
"Ranching should be planned for but they should focus more on the grazing
reserve. We have 415 grazing areas in Nigeria, 141 areas are gazetted and are
mostly located in the North. Three to four are located in Oyo and Ogun states.
The Federal Government is the owner of these lands while the state governments
are only custodians.
"Cattle breeders are willing to accept this plan set aside for them because we
are already sensitising them. They too are tired, they have lost their
properties and families in the course of the crisis," he said.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Chief Audu Ogbeh, while
delivering his keynote address, [#x200e]assured that steps are being taken for
cattle improvement programme, which will be aggressively pursued using
artificial insemination.
According to him, steps are being taken to improve the quality and quantity of
milk as well as beef quality in Nigeria, including "establishment of clusters of
diary farmers, which would be equipped with milk collection facilities,
establishment of ranches to be planted with high quality improved tropical grass
varieties and quality waters. Some of the grass seed would be imported to
Nigeria.
"Capacity building for dairy farmers, among others development of livestock and
dairy industry occupies a prime position in the agricultural roadmap of the
current administration. The intention is to develop a sustainable livestock and
dairy industry," he said.
Earlier, Food Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO)
representative, Dr. Louise L. Setshwaelo, proffered that to address the long
standing and long term challenges, the livestock sector needs to prioritise a
few critical areas that would ultimately make tangible impact to its
productivity, liavelihoods and competitiveness.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

GADGET OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: THE BEAT;FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 328 words


LG G5 Price dependent on contract While most new Smartphone releases these days
usually amount to updates that play safe with the formula, LG's latest flagship
handset feels like a welcome radical attempt at doing something new.

The G5's unique modular design lets you swap in optional add-ons via its
detachable bottom bezel.

At present there are just two of these - a camera grip and a cool
digital-to-analogue convertor for high-end audio created in partnership with
Bang & Olufsen.

Thankfully, the G5 stands up as a strong current wave Android phone even without
its attachments.

Slightly smaller than its predecessor (5.3ins compared to the 5.5ins of the G4),
the G5 nevertheless offers a superb QHD IPS LCD 2560 x 1440 resolution display
that's incredibly bright with great viewing angles.

Similar to Samsung's recent Galaxy S7, in standby mode it offers handy
white-on-black always-on notifications without having any negligible impact on
the battery.

Battery performance is good but not great, lasting easily through an average
day. On the plus side, its Quick Charge 3.0 tech allows the phone to charge to
70% in just 30 minutes thanks to its USB-C port, and it's also removable, which
is a real rarity these days.

Aside from its modular design, the G5's rear camera is the other major talking
point thanks to its dual-lens system.

Its main 16MP sensor delivers a standard, tight field of view, while a secondary
8MP sensor allows for wide-angle shots. It's a nicely executed idea, opening up
the options for shots enormously.

The G5's power button remains on the rear, but this time doubles as a
fingerprint scanner. However, it isn't perhaps as responsive as one would
expect, possibly due to its small surface area.

Fast in use and capable on all fronts, the G5 nevertheless sits just behind the
Galaxy S7 for me as the Android phone to go for in terms of performance and
features.

Having said that, the as yet untapped potential of its add-ons could one day
change that.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                              April 8, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

GADGET OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 329 words


LG G5

Price dependent on contract

****

While most new Smartphone releases these days usually amount to updates that
play safe with the formula, LG's latest flagship handset feels like a welcome
radical attempt at doing something new.

The G5's unique modular design lets you swap in optional add-ons via its
detachable bottom bezel.

At present there are just two of these - a camera grip and a cool
digital-to-analogue convertor for high-end audio created in partnership with
Bang & Olufsen.

Thankfully, the G5 stands up as a strong current wave Android phone even without
its attachments.

Slightly smaller than its predecessor (5.3ins compared to the 5.5ins of the G4),
the G5 nevertheless offers a superb QHD IPS LCD 2560 x 1440 resolution display
that's incredibly bright with great viewing angles.

Similar to Samsung's recent Galaxy S7, in standby mode it offers handy
white-on-black always-on notifications without having any negligible impact on
the battery.

Battery performance is good but not great, lasting easily through an average
day. On the plus side, its Quick Charge 3.0 tech allows the phone to charge to
70% in just 30 minutes thanks to its USB-C port, and it's also removable, which
is a real rarity these days.

Aside from its modular design, the G5's rear camera is the other major talking
point thanks to its dual-lens system.

Its main 16MP sensor delivers a standard, tight field of view, while a secondary
8MP sensor allows for wide-angle shots. It's a nicely executed idea, opening up
the options for shots enormously.

The G5's power button remains on the rear, but this time doubles as a
fingerprint scanner. However, it isn't perhaps as responsive as one would
expect, possibly due to its small surface area.

Fast in use and capable on all fronts, the G5 nevertheless sits just behind the
Galaxy S7 for me as the Android phone to go for in terms of performance and
features.

Having said that, the as yet untapped potential of its add-ons could one day
change that.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                                 March 06, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

New phones get smarter

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 674 words


In last week's column I shared my first impressions of Samsung's gorgeous Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge smartphones following their unveiling at the start of the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. In the days that followed there were plenty
of other mobile marvels on show at this, the world's biggest mobile tech expo.
Here are five that caught my eye.

l LG G5

If the Samsung S7 Edge was the most beautiful phone at MWC this year, the LG G5
wins the prize for the most innovative.

At first glance it's an attractive, if unremarkable device - a metal body with a
fingerprint scanner on the back, 5.3-inch quad HD screen and running Android
6.0.

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This brilliant, brave modular design means G5 owners will
be able to slot in a variety of aftermarket modules.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam! You've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers
both a beefier battery and a palm fitting grip with a dedicated shutter button
and zoom wheel.

Bravo LG!

l HTC Vive

Virtual Reality (VR) was huge at MWC with what seemed like every second phone
maker offering a headset. But for serious gamers and industry watchers it was
HTC's Vive that reigned in Spain this year.

At $799 (R12 500) it's no cheapie, but that didn't stop 15 000 enthusiasts from
buying it within just 10 minutes of pre-orders.

It comes bundled with two wireless VR controllers, head-tracking sensors and two
VR titles from HTC's partner, Valve, as well as a front-facing camera. Bear in
mind you'll also need a super high-end PC to "drive" the Vive.

l Xiaomi Mi 5

Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi has developed a reputation over the past several
years for impressively-specced, well-built smartphones at highly attractive
prices.

But none to date has embodied this philosophy as perfectly as the Mi 5, a
stunning assemblage of aluminium and glass. to rival the build quality and looks
of Apple's 6S and Samsung's S7 Edge. And it's not just in the eye candy
department that the Mi 5 is taking on the heavyweights. It's got plenty of
brains courtesy of a Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal
storage.

The best part, though, is the price tag. It starts at $413 (R6 500), at least
one-third cheaper than its big name rivals. Little wonder Xiaomi has already
received more than 16 million pre-orders.

Mi like!

l Samsung Family Hub smart fridge

So this giant, high-tech chiller isn't exactly portable, but it earned its place
at MWC because you need a smartphone to use it properly.

Say you're at the shops, but don't have the shopping list - on a conventional
fridge it's probably attached to the door with a magnet. With the Family Hub,
organised types will have stored the list on the Cloud using the fridge's
built-in tablet, allowing them to read it remotely on their phones.

There's no word yet on South African availability and pricing, but I predict the
price tag will have a chilling effect on all but the most well-heeled.

l Sony Xperia Ear

Bluetooth headsets are undoubtedly useful gizmos, allowing you take calls while
on the go without the entanglement of wired earbuds.

The trouble with wearing one, though, is that you look like a sales type out of
the 1990s and people shoot you nervous sidelong glances as if expecting you to
start bellowing "show me the money" at any moment.

Sony's hoping to overcome |this sterotype with its Xperia |Ear by making the
earbud as small and unobtrusive as |possible, while building in |the kind of
functionality Tom Cruise's brash character in |Jerry Maguire could only have
dreamed of.

Sony's pitching it as a digital assistant in your ear, delivering social media
updates, the latest news and weather, voice search capability as well as
turn-by-turn directions.

I'm a sucker for these devices, but I'd have preferred Sony to have used
Android's Google Now voice assistant, rather than its own.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

LG unveils latest innovations at World Luxury Expo Riyadh

LENGTH: 492  words


LG Electronics Saudi Arabia, global leader and technology innovator in consumer
electronics, has showcased its latest innovations and cutting-edge technology at
the AMEX World Luxury Expo 2016. Hosted for the fourth year at the Palatial
Ritz-Carlton in Riyadh from March 30 to April 1, the event was inaugurated under
the patronage of Prince Abdulaziz Bin Ahmed Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.

LG, a platinum sponsor of the World Luxury Expo, showcased its latest luxury
masterpieces, and a selection of its high-end brands to ultra-affluent and
highly discerning audience. LG products showcased at the event included OLED
TVs, TWIN WashTM washing machines, modern refrigerators designed exclusively for
Saudi consumers, digital screens, and the first modular phone in the world LG
G5.

Known for their slim and light-weight designs, LG's OLED TVs adopt a technology
based on producing a special light that enhances the picture quality, in color
and in black and white, offering an exceptional viewing experience. LG also
showcased its TWIN WashTM washing machines, which offer users the option of
washing two loads of laundry simultaneously, in less time and with added
convenience. In addition, the exhibition visitors enjoyed the LG premium-design
refrigerators, which have an intricate design and a technology to keep food
fresh for longer. The compressor is energy efficient and is backed by a 10-year
warranty.

Visitors were also intrigued by the LG giant digital screens, given its high
definition and low energy consumption. It serves as an effective means of
interaction and communication between a company and its target audiences. On the
other hand, visitors were introduced to the distinctive features of the G5, the
wide camera, dual back cameras with separate lenses to capture different angles.
G5 is the first modular Smartphone in the world.

Eddie Jun, President of LG Electronics-Saudi Arabia, said: "We always take pride
in keeping up with the rapid development of home appliances, and strive to
introduce innovative solutions that meet the needs of our local consumers, and
offer them more convenience. We will maintain our pioneering position and will
boost our growth in the Saudi market by providing unparalleled, highly-advanced
solutions".

Salman Alsabban, Corporate Marketing Manager, LG Electronics Saudi Arabia, said
"we are proud to offer modern products that add value to Saudi lifestyles. As
usual, LG dazzled VIP guests with its luxury and state-of-the-art products that
are indispensable to any family searching for advanced technology and robust
designs."

Ahmad Al-Oraij, CEO of World Luxury Group, organizers of World Luxury Expo 2016,
said "the event highlighted the most prominent brands and luxury services
offered by different companies in Saudi Arabia, on top of which was LG
Electronics." - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/23/145976602422.jpg

Prince Abdulaziz bin Ahmed bin Abdulaziz Al Saud with top LG Saudi Arabia
executives

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                         The Gympie Times (Queensland)

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday

Battery handles always-on clock screen well;
LG G5 phone

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 163  words


BATTERY life:The LG G5 will get through a full day easily, even with the
always-on clock screen. During that day you can expect the phone to perform well
and at speed, as well as do all the things that are the bare minimum for a phone
- you know, making phone calls with good audio quality and decent signal
reception.

Always-on screen:Like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the G5 has an always-on
display that shows the time on an otherwise black screen. This saves you from
waking the phone whenever you just want to know the time. As with Samsung, it's
very low in its power draw - less than 1% of the battery per hour.

Power button and fingerprint sensor:LG has previously limited its buttons to one
- a power switch and volume rocker in the middle of the phone's back. That's
almost the case here - though the volume control is now on the left edge.

The power button is also the fingerprint sensor. To turn on the phone you just
rest the finger on it, rather than pressing. - INM

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GGT


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Battery handles always-on clock screen well;
LG G5 phone

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 163  words


BATTERY life:The LG G5 will get through a full day easily, even with the
always-on clock screen. During that day you can expect the phone to perform well
and at speed, as well as do all the things that are the bare minimum for a phone
- you know, making phone calls with good audio quality and decent signal
reception.

Always-on screen:Like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the G5 has an always-on
display that shows the time on an otherwise black screen. This saves you from
waking the phone whenever you just want to know the time. As with Samsung, it's
very low in its power draw - less than 1% of the battery per hour.

Power button and fingerprint sensor:LG has previously limited its buttons to one
- a power switch and volume rocker in the middle of the phone's back. That's
almost the case here - though the volume control is now on the left edge.

The power button is also the fingerprint sensor. To turn on the phone you just
rest the finger on it, rather than pressing.- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 820 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Battery handles always-on clock screen well;
LG G5 phone

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 163  words


BATTERY life:The LG G5 will get through a full day easily, even with the
always-on clock screen. During that day you can expect the phone to perform well
and at speed, as well as do all the things that are the bare minimum for a phone
- you know, making phone calls with good audio quality and decent signal
reception.

Always-on screen:Like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the G5 has an always-on
display that shows the time on an otherwise black screen. This saves you from
waking the phone whenever you just want to know the time. As with Samsung, it's
very low in its power draw - less than 1% of the battery per hour.

Power button and fingerprint sensor:LG has previously limited its buttons to one
- a power switch and volume rocker in the middle of the phone's back. That's
almost the case here - though the volume control is now on the left edge.

The power button is also the fingerprint sensor. To turn on the phone you just
rest the finger on it, rather than pressing.- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Battery handles always-on clock screen well;
LG G5 phone

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 163  words


BATTERY life:The LG G5 will get through a full day easily, even with the
always-on clock screen. During that day you can expect the phone to perform well
and at speed, as well as do all the things that are the bare minimum for a phone
- you know, making phone calls with good audio quality and decent signal
reception.

Always-on screen:Like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, the G5 has an always-on
display that shows the time on an otherwise black screen. This saves you from
waking the phone whenever you just want to know the time. As with Samsung, it's
very low in its power draw - less than 1% of the battery per hour.

Power button and fingerprint sensor:LG has previously limited its buttons to one
- a power switch and volume rocker in the middle of the phone's back. That's
almost the case here - though the volume control is now on the left edge.

The power button is also the fingerprint sensor. To turn on the phone you just
rest the finger on it, rather than pressing.- INM

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Dual-lens cameras on smartphones getting popular

LENGTH: 186 words


[THE INVESTOR] Dual-lens cameras on the back of smartphone are getting popular
as more consumers want to enjoy the visual capability of the devices.

With smartphones getting slimmer, there is a technical limit for a one-lens
camera to increase a handset's photographic capability. So, manufacturers are
installing dual-lens cameras for a better visual experience, analysts say.

LG Electronics unveiled the G5 smartphone featuring dual-lens cameras in
February this year.

LG G5

"The G5's 135-degree wide angle lens lets you choose between standard or wide
angle to get more in the shot," LG said in a press release.

In April, China's Huawei Technologies introduced its P9 smartphone with a
dual-lens camera. The P9 smartphone is co-engineered with Germany's iconic
optical brand Leica.

Apple is set to unveil the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus early next month. The
iPhone 7 Plus has been speculated to feature a dual-lens camera, according to
foreign media reports.

Samsung Electronics has yet to embrace a dual-lens camera, but some foreign
media outlets have speculated that Samsung's next Galaxy S8 smartphone may
feature one.

(

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Samsung, LG kick off new battle in Barcelona

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 642  words


Marketing: South Korean rivals Samsung and LG are finding it harder to inspire
the public to buy a new premium smartphone. As the Mobile World Congress kicks
off in Barcelona, LG has launched the LG G5 while Samsung has unveiled the
long-awaited Galaxy S7.

LG, a strong force in the television and white goods markets, was ousted last
year from the list of top five phone makers.

Meanwhile, Samsung, the dominant force in Android, is slowly bleeding market
share to other manufacturers. Sales of last year's S6 were disappointing and
manufacturing didn't cater to the public's preference for the S6 Edge ahead of
the flatscreen S6.

The South Korean giants have decided to deal with the situation in their own
distinct ways. LG has chosen the radical route, revamping its smartphone design
and releasing a premium G5 smartphone that's more about what you connect to it,
rather than the phone itself.

The G5 has a 5.3-inch 2K display, double the processing power of its
predecessor, 40 per cent faster graphics, and the power to capture and playback
4K video.

The phone takes wider-angle snaps with a 135 degree lens and supports faster
charging, up to four times standard charging, according to LG.

An "always-on" section of the screen shows information such as date, time and
battery status. LG says it will consume just 0.8 per cent of the battery per
hour.

LG has retained the fingerprint sensor, which doubles as the power button, on
the back of the phone. But the volume rocker control has moved from the back to
the side of the phone.

You can remove the battery and slot in a microSD card for extra storage. The big
news is the series of devices called LG Friends that slide inside the phone,
mostly through a long, thin rectangular slot at the bottom.

They include a 360-degree camera and a headset called the LG 360 VR for viewing
virtual reality video.

There's an 8-megapixel rolling ball camera called Rolling Bot that can be
adapted to home security, an LG Tone Platinum headset for listening to 24-bit
sound, high-end H3 earphones by Bang & Olufsen that support 32-bit audio, and a
controller for DSLR camera-like operation.

LG, in partnership with drone maker Parrot, has also showcased a compact "smart
controller" for drones and other third-party devices. Clip this into an LG phone
and you are ready to roll. The total revamp of the phone, literally from inside
out, is a radical departure for LG, which last year was promoting the G4's
cosmetic benefits, such as its leather back cover.

Samsung, on the other hand, has again played it safe with the 5.1-inch S7 and
5.5-inch S7 Edge with tweaks to last year's S6. Like LG, Samsung's phones have a
2K display with four times the resolution of full 1080p high definition.

Samsung has restored support for a microSD card, but there's no return to a
removable battery - a signature feature of its earlier models.

The handsets support wireless charging and will support Samsung Pay, due in
Australia this year.

After introducing water resistance with the S5, and ditching it with the S6,
waterproofing is back with the S7. Both the S7 and S7 Edge have an IP68 rating,
which makes them useful devices at the beach or around the pool.

Samsung repeatedly sunk the boot into Apple at the launch, displaying photos
taken by its premium iPhone 6s Plus and highlighting their shortcomings against
those of the S7.

Samsung also launched a 360-degree spherical camera called Gear 360. It has dual
fisheye lenses, each with 15 megapixel image sensors, that lets users capture
near 4K video quality of 3840x1920 pixels in 360 degrees, along with 30
megapixel still images.Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg spoke at the launch,
describing Samsung's VR as "the best mobile VR experience yet". Samsung's
virtual reality headset, Gear VR, is a cut-down version of Oculus Rift, which is
made by Facebook acquisition Oculus VR.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Asharq Alawsat (English)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung, LG Unveil New Devices to Revive Smartphone Sales

LENGTH: 511 words


Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and LG Electronics Inc unveiled their latest
smartphones at the Mobile World Congress industry show in Barcelona on Sunday,
in a step that aims at reversing the slowdown in industry growth.

2016 has been another tough year for phone makers, especially with low global
growth and continuing currency weakness in significant emerging markets sap
consumers' spending power. A push by Chinese manufacturers to develop overseas
in the midst of decelerating growth in their domestic market may also weaken
margins further.

In an attempt to recapture market share, Samsung launched two new versions of
its Galaxy S smartphone and brought in Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark
Zuckerberg for a surprise appearance to praise the potential of virtual reality,
encouraging hundreds of people to rush to the stage to record the moment.

After LG's leading products had struggled last year causing it huge losses, it
introduced a modular design to its new G5 smartphones allowing users to replace
or upgrade functions such as camera and audio independently.

It also launched a virtual reality headset and accessories including a drone
controller to pair with the G5.
Analysts and investors applauded LG's features, which they said were different
enough to possibly resuscitate sales, but were unexcited about Samsung's
offerings, saying they only featured incremental upgrades.

"I think it's possible for LG's mobile business to recover on its new product
launch, since they delivered significant changes with the G5," said Seoul-based
HDC Asset Management fund manager Park Jung-hoon.

"The Galaxy S7, however, doesn't seem to be creating as much buzz," Park said.

Samsung shares were down 1.3 percent as of 0212 GMT, floundering a 0.2 percent
fall for the broader market, while LG shares increased by 3 percent.

Renovations could turn out to be fundamental to smartphone makers as 2016 shapes
up to be another tough year: researcher TrendForce expects the smartphone market
growth to slow to 8.1 percent from 10.3 percent a year earlier.
Margin burdens are also expected to deepen for the industry as Chinese
manufacturers try to expand overseas to face the reducing domestic demand.

Samsung on Saturday said its mobile payments service, Samsung Pay, will launch
in China in March, a month after Apple launched its Apple Pay service in the
world's biggest smartphone market.

The company dropped out of the top five in the world's top smartphone market
last year but expectations that its easy-to-use payments service will contribute
to regaining sales momentum.

"The challenge you have got in the smartphone market is breaking through all
that sameness. From a design and functionality perspective, everything looks and
feels the same," said Bob O'Donnell, president of Technalysis Research.

"So the challenge is finding things that stick out."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/425/77/145626547253.jpg

New Samsung S7 (R) and S7 edge smartphones are displayed after their unveiling
ceremony at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, February 21, 2016.
REUTERS/Albert Gea

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 425


                 Copyright 2016 Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

After a new Android?;
We've entered new phone season, so hurl your rubbish old Android out the window
and embrace one of these three beauties

BYLINE: STEVE HOGARTY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 430 words


HUAWEI P9 PRICE: £449 WEB: www.HUAWEI.COM A smidgen thinner than an iPhone 6s,
and equally as impressive in terms of build quality and materials, the Huawei P9
is the Chinese giant's new flagship handset. For my money the phone most likely
to kill you if it was hurled full force at your face, this is a sturdy handset
that's all about power.

WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS ONE? Huawei partnered with the camera wizards at Leica
to "co-engineer" a world class, dual-lens camera into something as thin as a
biscuit. But exactly how involved Leica has been in the entire process (beyond
simply putting its respected name to it) has come into question since the phone
launched. Which is a shame, because the P9 has an astonishingly good camera
regardless of who built it, with shots that leave even Apple's latest lenses in
the dust.

PROS: Super-powered processor, battery life and dual-lens camera. CONS:
Operating system is ugly as hell and riddled with apps you don't need.

HTC 10 PRICE: £569 WEB: www.HTC.COM/UK The HTC 10 isn't the thinnest or lightest
Android on the market. But it's a loveable little chunkster with reassuringly
expensive heft and a rounded and outrageously chamfered backside that fits
nicely in the palm. It's an incredibly handsome phone, all industrial and outer
spacey, the kind of thing an astronaut might use to phone the moon.

WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS ONE? There's a beefy one-volt amplifier built into the
headphone jack, which coupled with high-res, 24-bit audio hardware makes the HTC
10 the ideal phone for music fans.

PROS: Top audio hardware. Bloat-free OS.

CONS: Patchy camera focusing and underperforming battery life.

LG G5 PRICE: £529 WEB: www.LG.COM/UK/G5 Before you even get to the LG G5's
attention-grabbing party trick, you're looking at a top-end Android device for
attractive young people. A dual camera design allows for wide-angle photography,
the 5.3 inch screen is scalpel-sharp and black as the night, and the battery
life will chug through an entire day with some breath to spare.

WHAT'S SPECIAL ABOUT THIS ONE? The LG G5 is one of the first real modular phones
to market, allowing you to swap out and replace the guts of the handset to add
new functions. By holding a button on the phone's edge you can rip the bottom of
the thing right off, leaving it vulnerable to upgrades such as an increased
battery capacity, a functional camera grip or a high-res Bang & Olufsen audio
converter.

PROS: It's a great phone to begin with. Modules could stave off obsolescence.
CONS: Modules will cost money. And they won't be made if this thing doesn't
sell.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Five iPhone 7 Plus alternatives with dual cameras

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 423 words


Dual Camera was the highlight of the iPhone 7 Plus at the Apple event. However,
it is not the first time we have seen dual cameras on a smartphone. Read on to
see the smartphone already available today that offers dual camera setup for
superior photography.

LG X Cam - Rs 21,500

(Image: BCCL)

The X cam features a similar dual cameras setup as the more premium LG G5. It
has a 13MP primary lens along with a secondary wide-angle 5MP lens on the rear -
both work in conjunction to offer enhanced results with shallow depth of field.
Other specifications include a 5.2-inch full HD display, an octa-core processor,
2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a 2,500mAh battery.

LG G5 - Rs 54,000

(Image: BCCL)

The G5 is the current most powerful dual camera setup available on Android
smartphones. It has a 16MP primary camera (f1.8 aperture) and a secondary 8MP
camera (f2.4 aperture) along with laser autofocus and 3-axis optical image
stabilization - this enables 2x optical zoom on the phone also. You get a
5.3-inch 2k display and hardware includes Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM,
32GB storage with a 2,800mAh battery.

Huawei P9 - Rs 39,999

(Image: BCCL)

P9 has a similar setup as the iPhone 7 Plus - dual 12MP sensors on the rear but
lacks optical image stabilization. What sets it apart is that the lens has been
developed in partnership with Leica - this results in superior camera
performance even without OIS. It features a 5.2-inch full HD display, 8MP front
camera and runs Android 6.0. Hardware specifications include an octa-core Kirin
955 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB Storage and a 3,000mAh battery.

HTC One M9 plus - Rs 51,899

(Image: BCCL)

HTC's flagship HTC 10 doesn't feature a dual camera, but they have a premium
offering with dual camera setup on the M9 plus. It features a 20MP primary
camera and a 2MP secondary camera capable of recording 4k videos. There is a 4MP
ultrapixel front camera, 5.2-inch display (2560 x 1440 pixels resolution) and
stereo speakers. Inside is an octa-core Mediatek Helio X10 processor, 3GB RAM,
32GB storage and 2,840mAh battery.

Xolo Black - Rs 8,999

(Image: BCCL)

If you want to try out a dual camera setup before investing in a more expensive
phone, the Xolo Black is an option. The sub-Rs 10,000 phone has a 13MP primary
camera and a 2MP secondary camera that work together to offer shallow depth of
field while shooting. However, its low light performance is not up to the mark.
You get a 5.5-inch full HD display, an octa-core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB
storage and a 3,200mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

LG getting ready for MWC flagship phablet launch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 409 words


LG is the first of the big Android handset makers to send out official press
invites to a launch event at February's Mobile World Congress (MWC) which is all
but certain to be the scene of the LG G5 phablet's unveiling.

One of the standout trends at this year's CES was the comparative lack of
innovation or excitement around the smartphones on show. This could be taken as
a sign that the handset is now a de facto part of the average person's life. Or,
that as car companies and smart appliances start to steal the limelight at the
Las Vegas trade show that handset makers are choosing to keep their powder dry
until February and the Mobile World Congress.

The invites sent out by LG suggest that it's definitely the latter. It is
promising that "Play Begins" at 2pm on February 21, and this is being taken as a
sign that its next flagship handset, the LG G5, will be making its debut at the
event.

The LG G4 was one of the best phablets of 2015 with a wonderful screen and
fantastic camera specifications; however, it lacked something in quality that
its closest rivals -- Samsung and Apple -- didn't.

This was due to LG's attempt to offer a phone with a removable battery -- a
great feature for anyone wanting to quickly reset a buggy handset or for
swapping a flat for a charged cell. Whispers suggest that LG wants to keep this
feature for the next phone, but integrate the battery into a sliding modular
shell so that the handset can be formed from quality materials.

Other rumors suggest that the G5 will use a dual rear-camera set-up -- two
16-megapixel lenses.

The 5.3-inch QHD display will be joined by a second strip display (think news
ticker) that could display notifications or, like with Samsung's latest flagship
phones, for playing and pausing video or for fast access to most commonly used
apps.

Also expect LG to add a fingerprint sensor to this handset; it is set to be one
of the defining smartphone features of 2016.

Most intriguing however is a report from Android Authority that suggests that
the handset's killer feature could be a smart slot that can be used for
connecting the phone to a host of peripheral devices from keyboards to VR
systems and beyond.

One thing that is a near certainty is that it will have a big focus on video
streaming. At the 2016 CES, LG announced that it was now in partnership with
Netflix to help the service break into new territories. In return, LG is getting
exclusive access to much of Netflix's content.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Snap to it: pick and mix super-accessories to build a modular phone

BYLINE: Phoebe Luckhurst

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 512 words


YOUR smartphone is an extension of the self. Crucially, it is a portable version
of your mind: its apps organise your thoughts and relationships, and reflect
your interests, both meaningful (Tinder, Candy Crush) and fickle (that French
vocab app you flirted with in the summer). Customising this interface is
equivalent to compartmentalising your brain.

But while it is mentally agile, physically, it's immutable: you can amend and
update your phone's software but you can't hack off chunks of metal at will.

However, innovation needs somewhere to go, and the modular smartphone is the
next frontier. It was the talk of the Mobile World Conference in February this
year, when LG revealed its G5 phone, which was released to the public at the
beginning of autumn. The G5 (pictured) looks like a normal, highfunctioning
phone, but comes with accessories that you can append to the main phone in order
to up its functional ante.

For this first iteration, LG has focused largely on cameras: the phone
incorporates two separate cameras on the back of the handset, but it also has a
360 Cam lens, a piece of hardware that connects to the phone via wi-fi or
Bluetooth. It shoots in wide-angle, 13-megapixel clarity, and can capture both
high-quality photos and videos. You can also attach the Cam Plus Friend, another
piece of hardware that riffs on the functionality of an SLR camera: the
accessory has a zoom wheel and shutter button.

LG revealed a designated audio system at the phone's launch too, created in
collaboration with Danish brand, Bang & Olufsen. The B&O Play is a portable
hi-fi and headphone amplifier, which improves the sound quality of the music,
turning the whole kit into an (almost) sophisticated sound system.

And the phone also makes necessary overtures towards battery life, the bugbear
of any smartphone user who has ever found themselves facing down a Friday night
wandering up and down Hackney Road, phone defunct, hoping a mate finds them and
points them in the direction of their evening. The LG G5 can be cleaved open
easily, so you can swap the battery pack for a charged one.

Is there a future for the modular phone? Granted, Google's version, Ara, was
stymied last month: the planned handset reportedly had six modular sections,
including camera lenses and speakers. "Google has suspended Project Ara, its
ambitious effort to build what is known as a modular smartphone with
interchangeable components, as part of a broader push to streamline the
company's hardware efforts," reported Reuters at the time.

The G5 has, therefore, become a test case for the whole industry. Early reviews
are cautious: many endorse the concept but suggest it has not been executed
flawlessly. There is a meandering Reddit thread about the phone: one user says
he has had to replace it twice and was onto his fourth Cam Plus module, and
another said he was on his sixth handset. LG has not commented on the reports;
to be fair, teething problems are typical.

So go forth and build your own brave new world, with as many lenses as you can
affix.

Phoebe Luckhurst @phoebeluckhurst

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

LG beefs up camera features in UX 5.0;
Friends Manager app can be used to connect the phone to other devices in the LG
family

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 205 words


LG's Marshmallow-based UX 5.0 was officially released with the LG G5 flagship
smartphone in April this year.

The G5 placed a lot of emphasis on being a modular smartphone, and being part of
an ecosystem of linked devices.

Hence, UX 5.0 comes with the LG Friends Manager, which can be used to connect
the phone to other LG devices like the LG 360 Cam and the LG 360 VR.

The Friends Manager can automatically detect these other devices, connect to
them and find the appropriate software needed for the devices to work.

UX 5.0 also focuses heavily on the photo-taking experience, and LG has beefed up
the camera software with a host of features.

When using the front camera, Auto Shot detects whether a user is posing for a
picture, and automatically triggers the shutter, while Multi-View takes pictures
with the front, rear and wide-angle cameras all at once.

There is an Always Onscreen, which displays information without having to wake
up the phone.

UX 5.0 also comes with New Home, an integrated home screen where all the apps
are located, much like Apple's iOS.

And after the complaints during the beta about the lack of an apps drawer, the
final version of UX 5.0 has an option in the Settings menu to reinstate the app
drawer.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The LG UX 5.0 has an Always Onscreen, which displays information
without having to wake up the phone.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics sees nearly 70% surge in profit in Q1

LENGTH: 314 words


Tech giant LG Electronics' operating profit surged nearly 70 percent in the
January-March period, according to its earnings guidance released Monday.

The company said it posted 505 billion won ($441 million) in operating profit
and 13. 4 trillion won in revenue, up 65.5 percent and down 4.5 percent,
respectively, compared to the same period last year.

LG Electronics CEO Jo Seong-jin attends a press conference in Seoul in March.
(Yonhap)

The operating profit beat previous market estimates in a range of 300 billion
won to mid-400 billion won.

Its operating profit jumped 44.9 percent quarter-on-quarter while its revenue
decreased 8.2 percent during the same period.

Market analysts said that the increase in operating profit was mainly driven by
a decline in prices of raw materials for liquid-crystal displays, increased
shipment volume for high-end organic light-emitting diode TVs and seasonal
factors in the home appliance segment.

LG released its earnings guidance for the first in its history. Its domestic
rival Samsung Electronics had been the only listed firm in Korea that publicizes
estimated earnings figures before announcing an official quarterly financial
report.

"LG will be able to achieve record profits this year on the back of a usual
sales hike of TVs and home appliances in the coming months in addition to
anticipated sales growth in the electric car component and solar panel modules
businesses, only if its mobile business unit turns to profit thanks to the newly
released G5 smartphone," said Song Eun-jeong, an analyst from Hi Investment &
Securities.

Shinhan Investment predicted that the cumulative sales of the G5 this year would
surpass the 12-million mark this year.

The G5 sales has reportedly crossed the 15,000 mark on March 31, the first day
of its launch. The figure is three times higher than that of the firm's
preceding flagship G4.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                              Worcester TG Edition

DIY smartphones;
Companies experiment with build-your-own programs

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT LIFE; 8

LENGTH: 856 words


NEW YORK  -- If you could build your dream smartphone, what would it look like?
Now suppose you could put it together yourself.

That's the promise of modular design, a new concept in smartphones that would
basically let you snap together different components like Lego blocks. Say you
want a great camera. Snap! A vivid screen and good sound because you watch a lot
of video? Snap! But maybe you could live with a smaller battery because you
spend most of your day at home or work. Snap!

Sure, phones now offer choices in color and storage. Motorola goes a bit further
in letting you choose custom backs made of wood or leather. But the rest of the
phone is pretty standard. You're stuck with the processor, battery and other
hardware chosen by Motorola, Apple, Samsung and other tech companies.

With modular design, you could just pay for the components you need instead of
settling for whatever manufacturers put in their designs. And instead of buying
a new phone every year or two, you could just upgrade individual parts as they
wear out or become obsolete.

LG is dipping its toes in the modular-design concept with its upcoming G5
smartphone, announced this week at a wireless conference. The bottom of the
phone pops out to let you swap in new hardware. For starters, you'll be able to
attach a camera grip with physical shutter buttons or insert a high-fidelity
audio system if regular MP3-quality sound isn't good enough for you.

Google's Project Ara, which isn't making products yet, is also outlining a
modular-design approach that starts with a structural frame and lets you add
cameras, sensors and batteries. Google figures a phone could cost as little as
$50 using the most basic parts.

A Dutch startup called Fairphone is selling the $580 Fairphone 2 online. Though
it comes assembled, you can replace the screen for less than $100, or the camera
for $40. An expansion port will let people add components -- perhaps for
wireless charging or mobile payments -- that Fairphone or outside parties make
in the future.

Chinese phone maker ZTE has circulated concept designs. Other

SEE smartphones,  A9

startups exploring modular phones include Finland's PuzzlePhone (as in the
components fit together like a puzzle).

Modular phone design is similar to how hobbyists build their own personal
computers or soup up their cars. But there's no guarantee the idea will take
off.

For one thing, modular design is itself a trade-off. Many consumers want phones
to be thin, light and power efficient, and that means all the parts have to be
tightly integrated. You give that up when you go modular.

Samsung, for instance, rejects modular design, preferring to offer "the best
combination of features and functionality" in a compact and elegant design, says
Justin Denison, Samsung's senior vice president for U.S. product strategy and
marketing.

Modular design also isn't easy. Project Ara missed its 2015 target for a pilot
project in Puerto Rico and suggested in cryptic tweets that designing modules
has proven more complicated than expected. Google had no further comment.

Ronan de Renesse, lead analyst for consumer technology with the research firm
Ovum, says many parts in current smartphones are designed specifically to work
together. Swap in a new camera or screen, and the older processors might not
know what to do with it. The camera might stutter, the screen might blink, and
both might drain the battery faster than expected.

Lego-like parts also could allow dust or water to intrude into the phone's
innards. Their connections might also give way over time.

"I don't think those phones are going to be reliable enough for the mass
market," de Renesse says.

There's already some buzz around the phones. Fairphone has sold about 35,000
units and is targeting 150,000 this year. The company says many of its customers
are environmentally conscious about e-waste and don't need up-to-the-minute
advances in phone technology.

Many big phone makers introduce features just to have something to brag about in
ads, says Miquel Ballester, Fairphone's co-founder. "I don't really think it's
always what the customer is looking for."

Even if the appeal is limited, the concept could have broader influence.

LG's G5 isn't fully modular, as users couldn't replace processors, cameras and
screens themselves. LG's Frank Lee says the modular design for now is mostly
about enhancing the phone's capabilities with optional features. But perhaps one
day, he says, people will be able to swap in a slower, but more power-efficient
processor on days they'll be away from chargers.

In the future, he says, "we won't be referring to them as phones anymore."

From Page A8

The battery of the LG G5 can be removed from the phone and inserted into a
different module with extra features. LG is dipping its toes into a
modular-design concept with its upcoming G5 smartphone. The Associated Press

The module contains the battery for the LG G5 phone, which can be removed and
inserted into a different module with extra features, such as a camera grip with
physical shutter buttons. The Associated Press

A high-fidelity audio system for the LG G5 phone. The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

LG posts strong profit rise in Q1

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 489 words


G5 will drive Q2 growth

LG Electronics posted 505.2 billion won ($440.6 million) in operating profit in
the first quarter of this year, up 65.5 percent from the previous year,
outperforming previous market estimates.

The figure hovered above earlier market expectations by around 100 billion won.

In preliminary guidance on Monday, the company said its sales were 13.36
trillion won, down 4.5 percent from a year ago. The company plans to unveil a
specific breakdown for its divisional earnings later this month.

Analysts voiced their consensus that the earnings growth is expected to have
come from robust performance in its home appliances business.

Expectations are that the company's home entertainment (HE) division, which
deals with the television business, has driven the robust growth, due to
increased demand for organic light-emitting diode (OLED) televisions, Shinhan
Financial Investment analyst John Soh said in his report.

High-end appliances, such as refrigerators and air-conditioners, are also
another growth driver for its January-March earnings, he said.

Earnings from its new flagship smartphone, the G5, have not been reflected in
the earnings guidance, as the figure includes sales from the January-March
period. LG launched the new modular-type handset on Mar. 31 in the global
market.

Hana Financial Investment analyst Kim Rok-ho said, 'Whether its mobile business
has contributed to the growth remains uncertain due to the high flexibility of
the handset division.'

Regarding market expectations for the April-July period, the company is expected
to continue its winning streak, backed by increased demand for its new handset
and seasonal factors for air-conditioners, they said. Expectations are that the
mobile division will achieve a major turnaround from the second quarter, halting
its longtime underperformance due to failures from its previous handset, the G4.

While its local rival _ Samsung Electronics _ has been reporting estimated
quarterly earnings since 2009, this marks the first time LG has reported its
estimated earnings. LG said the move came as the company aims to deliver more
clear information over its earnings, minimizing fluctuations in stock prices
coming from viral rumors before quarterly earning seasons.

Meanwhile, LG Electronics has received a stronger-than-expected response for the
G5, selling more than 15,000 here on the first day of its launch, according to
telecom industry reports. The figure is a more than threefold increase from its
predecessor, the G4, which sold some fewer than 5,000 during the same period
last year.

Last month, the company also unveiled its premium appliance brand, LG Signature,
and Signature Kitchen Suite, the business-to-business (B2B) version of LG
Signature, adding the company plans to launch them in key markets including the
United States within this year.

LG Electronics closed at 64,300 won on the Seoul bourse, up 0.94 percent from
the previous day.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

These new smartphones are calling out to your wallet

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Feb. 25 -- One of the biggest tech events in the world, the Mobile World
Congress is held in Barcelona every year. MWC is a mammoth catwalk for mobile
manufacturers to strut their stuff, and this year has already seen some
announcements of really cool gadgets you need in your life right now. Here's our
pick of the lot.


 Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge
 Xiaomi Mi5
 The freshly launched Mi5 is a true coming-of-age for Xiaomi. It's the company's
flagship smartphone that rivals all the giants out there. With a beautiful
design, that's curved at the back, it comes in metal and Gorilla Glass 4.0. The
higher-end version comes in ceramic. The specs put the Mi5 as one of the
speediest devices out there. It's got a new 64-bit Snapdragon 820, 4GB of RAM
that's faster than the usual RAM used and a very fast 128 GB storage. The screen
is a 5.15 inch display with impressive sunlight readability. The phone has a
16-megapixel 4 axis optical image stabilised Sony camera on the back with a
4-megapixel ultrapixel camera out front for clear selfies in any light.
 LG G5
 One of the biggest tech reveals this MWC came as a big pleasant surprise from
LG. The company revealed the LG G5, the world's first modular phone. The phone
also offers add-ons which they term as friends. For instance, there's a Bang &
Olufsen Hi-Fi audio digital to analog converter that can be placed in the phone.
Plus, the phone can interface with a 360-degree camera and other companions. The
phone itself is beautiful, with a 5.3 inch IPS Quantum display that is powered
by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM and 32 GB internal storage. The back
sports an interesting dual camera setup. Either you can shoot using the
16-megapixel camera or you can switch to the 8-megapixel wide angled camera for
a larger view. The front selfie camera is an 8-megapixel shooter. LG with the G5
has opened up new possibilities in technology and it would be interesting to see
which other friends they present to expand your mobile experience.
 G5 Friends
 You can pull out the bottom of the smartphone which holds the battery so you
can swap in a bigger one. That bottom unit can be replaced with an LG Cam Plus
camera module that gives you a pro cam feel or a B&O hi-fi unit for good music.
The friends are also companion tech, like a 360 VR camera and a cool looking
goggle. The best part is the rolling bot to keep an eye on your pets remotely
and worry them by moving it around remotely.
 Sony Xperia X Series + more
 Sony's Z series are no more. Say hello to the new X series of smartphones. The
Xperia X Performance, X and XA. The XA is more budget, but the X and the X
Performance are the ones that stand out. Sony takes their signature design to a
new level with curved glass and premium metals. The tech comes in the form of a
whopping 23-megapixel camera with what Sony calls a Predictive Autofocus, that
predicts your subject's next move and tracks them. Both sport five inch screens
but the Performance sports a Snapdragon 820. Like LG, Sony has also brought
along a few friends. The stand out one is a device called Xperia Ear, which is a
Bluetooth headset that functions as your personal assistant. Then there's also
the Xperia Eye, a wearable camera with a 360-degree spherical lens to capture a
natural view. There's the Xperia Projector is a mini projector of sorts, while
Agent is a home-automation system, both of which are in concept stage now.
 HTC Desire Range
 HTC Vive
 While HTC Vive is not a smartphone, it's a Virtual Reality device that's a
collaboration between HTC and Valve. While we have been seeing the Vive for some
time, the version announced at MWC is a proper consumer one that comes at a
staggering $800. For this price, you get the VR unit, which looks sleeker that
what we've seen, with circular indentations for sensors looking very cool and
cyberpunk. You also get a pair of controllers and sensor-base stations you can
place around your play area to detect your movements. The controllers themselves
have 24 sensors to detect movement with haptic feedback. The HTC Vive looks like
a lot more attractive a package than the Oculus Rift. But even though you pay
more, you definitely get a complete package.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

LG G5 pre-bookings in India starting on May 21

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 218 words


NEW DELHI: LG has already announced that it will launch its modular smartphone
G5 in Q2 in India. The company has now revealed that pre-bookings of its
flagship phone in the country will begin on May 21 and end ten days later.

The smartphone will be available exclusively on Flipkart.has also said that
customers who pre-book the handset will get aCam Plus free.Talking about the
specifications, theG5 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled
with 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB
in size. The modular flagship has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a
resolution of 1,440x2,560 pixels.The G5 features dual rear cameras -- a standard
16MP and a wide angle 8MP, along with an 8MP front camera. The phone is backed
by a 2,800mAh slide-out battery and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow. The 4G
enabledweighs 159 grams and will be available in four colours - Silver, Titan,
Pink and Gold.Recently, LG launched itssmartphone in India at a price tag of Rs
19,500. It is a dual-sim phone that runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow
out-of-the-box.The Stylus 2 features a 5.7-inch HD display with In-Cell touch
technology. Under-the-hood, the phone is powered by a Quad-Core Qualcomm
Snapdragon processor paired with 2GB of RAM.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Virtual Reality, innovation take centre stage at mobile show;
Handset launches apart, announcements by brands such as Huawei, LG and Sony
pique interest at Barcelona event

BYLINE: Natalie Koh , Virtual Reality, innovation take centre stage at mobile
show

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1009 words


IT was not all about handsets at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC).

The MWC, held annually in Barcelona, Spain, is traditionally known for handset
launches, and this year's did not disappoint. But a few other announcements by
brands such as Huawei, LG and Sony, too, piqued interest at the event.

Given that the global smartphone market is projected to slow, with market
intelligence firm IDC forecasting a 9.8 per cent growth for 2015, a large drop
from 27.5 per cent in 2014, it seemed only a natural course of action for brands
to widen their nets.

For some brands, such as Samsung and LG, that meant expanding into the Virtual
Reality (VR) business. For others, it meant flexing their innovation muscles.

Huawei, for instance, eschewed the VR trend entirely, even skipping the rumoured
launch of the P9, which would be the latest in its P series smartphones, and
instead announced its flagship Matebook, a laptop-tablet hybrid.

Sony, on top of its Xperia X series, unveiled a series of concept gadgets that
might just revolutionise the future. And LG introduced the modular Android
smartphone, the G5, along with the LG Rolling Bot, a little ball of a droid -
much like Sphero's BB-8 - that you control with your G5 remotely.

On why Huawei went into the laptop-hybrid market, Henry Hsu, chief operating
officer of the consumer business group, Southern Pacific region, said in a group
interview with The Business Times at MWC 2016: "Last year, we did some research
and found most of us have phones for fun and sometimes for work. We realised we
were doing well for handphones that catered to certain needs of the customers -
mostly play and entertainment. But when it comes to office space, Huawei is
totally out, so we started studying the PC market."

That was when they decided to develop a book for the PC market. It was also
strategic for the brand "to create a holistic portfolio".

The Matebook runs on Windows 10 and is powered by a 6th Generation Intel Core
m-series processor and a solid-state hard drive with capacity of up to 512GB.
The design is thin and sleek, weighing in at 640g, with a 12-inch display and a
battery life that promises nine consecutive hours of Internet use.

Despite being China's No 1 and the world's No 3 seller of smartphones, Huawei
still struggles with its brand image.

Things may have improved for it in the region, with market share in Australia
and New Zealand having broken past the 10 per cent mark, while in Malaysia and
the Philippines have climbed steadily over the past year, reaching 6 per cent in
the former and 5 per cent in the latter from around one to 2 per cent a year
earlier.

In Singapore, however, it's a different story with market share at 3 per cent.

"Singapore is slightly more brand conscious," Mr Hsu admits. "Huawei is not sexy
to them as far as they're concerned . . . but as a brand develops, like it or
not, the business centre is always the last to accept the trends. It always
comes through the outskirts first."

But Mr Hsu, who is a Singaporean and based in Kuala Lumpur, maintained that
beyond the image of the brand, Huawei produces quality products. "I always tell
my friends, 'Take away the logos, use our phones, and you will find our phones
are really good and it's true'."

LG's launch of the G5 came as little surprise, and neither was the launch of the
360 CAM and 360 VR, LG's camera and VR headset. What did come as a pleasant
surprise was the G5 accessory, the Rolling Bot, which allows you to control your
TV and air-conditioning, use it as a laser pointer, and keep an eye on the home
when you're not in, thanks to a built-in 8MP camera.

The Rolling Bot was not in perfect working condition at the MWC demo, displaying
a slow response to commands. But the product is still under development and is
expected to go on shelves in five to six months.

While Forrester analyst Thomas Husson was impressed with the G5, he was less so
about LG's VR endeavours.

"The LG 360 VR headset is a way to leverage the hype around Virtual Reality, and
to further the emergence of self-created content. But don't expect VR content to
be broadly available this year, with the exception of a small niche of gamers,"
he said.

Sony went in a different direction, revealing four concept gadgets - the Xperia
Ear, Xperia Eye, Xperia Agent and Xperia Projector - the last of which made the
biggest impact. The gadget projects an interactive interface on any flat, clear
surface, allowing you to tap, type, draw and swipe on it as you would on any
touchscreen surface.

The Xperia Agent and Ear are virtual assistants of sorts. The former answers
questions and provides notifications (much as Apple's Siri does) by projecting
information on a flat surface The latter is an earpiece that offers similar
functionalities to your phone dashboard, providing weather updates, event
notifications and allowing you to make calls and send messages.

In another show of VR, the Xperia Eye works much like the 360-degree cameras of
Samsung and LG, except it comes with only one camera and is placed flat on a
surface to capture its surroundings. All four gadgets are conceptual and have no
specific launch date yet.

Analysts noted the VR trend at the MWC, but said they are over-hyped.

"Most handset manufacturers today have referred to VR initiatives. This is a
great way to create a WOW effect but VR will only offer limited value in 2016. .
. Like for 3D, content will be the missing piece in the beginning. Self-created
content will help drive Virtual Reality but we're not there yet," said Mr
Husson.

"The engineering and manufacturing brilliance we will see from the likes of
Samsung and LG will do too little to drive the type of consumer demand the
market so badly needs to maintain past meteoric growth rates," said Forrester
analyst Julie Ask. "New growth will come from developing markets in need of less
expensive devices that are less power hungry more sensitive to the local
conditions."

Companies also need to "do a much better job connecting new hardware to tap into
app and service ecosystems", Mr Husson said.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Huawei's booth at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona (above).
China's No 1 seller of smartphones eschewed the Virtual Reality trend entirely
and instead announced its flagship Matebook, a laptop-tablet hybrid, at the
annual event.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Stylish tech;
The Mobile World Congress may be known as a tech geek haven, but make no
mistake; the event, held from Feb 22 to 25 in Barcelona, Spain, unveiled some
mobile gadgets that look great on the inside and out.

BYLINE: Natalie Koh , Stylish tech

SECTION: DESIGN; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 915 words


Huawei Matebook
(US$699-US$1,599)

"STYLE" and "Huawei" aren't quite words you utter in the same breath, but that
bias could change once you lay your hands on its new 12-inch, Windows 10
Matebook.

Rather than follow the predictable footsteps of other brands launching their new
smartphones at the Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona, Spain, Huawei
raised eyebrows with Matebook, which works as a tablet and laptop.

The aluminium unibody features a sleek design with no unsightly seams. It
doesn't heat up as easily as a plastic body, which means a longer lifespan for
the processor and battery.

At just 6.99mm thick, with a weight of 640g, it's also thinner and lighter than
Microsoft's 8.45mm-thick Surface Pro 4, which weighs 766g.

A thin device like this means sacrifices - there are no ports. You'll need its
all-in-one MateDock (US$89) as an accessory, which includes USB ports, an
Ethernet jack and an HDMI port. The dock is compact and easy enough to carry
around, and comes in a leather case that matches the Matebook cover-cum-keyboard
(US$129).

There's also the nifty Matepen (US$59), an elegant stylus which triples as a
laser pointer and presentation clicker. With 2,048 levels of pressure, the
Matepen is incredibly sensitive - the screen senses the stylus without them even
touching.

Powered by a 6th Generation Intel Core m-series processor and a solid-state hard
drive with capacity of up to 512GB, the Huawei Matebook also packs a powerful
punch.

The Huawei Matebook was created as "a sum of details", says Henry Hsu, chief
operating officer, consumer business, group, Southern Pacific region, for Huawei
Technologies.

"We believe we are the new thing - what we call the dynamic premium. Meaning we
listen to our customers. . . We put in the best in everything we can have, and
because we do that, words like craftsmanship and usability come up."

The MateBook will be available in Asia, Europe and North America in the coming
months.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge
(US$998 & US$1,098)

THE brand that is synonymous with digital style did not disappoint. At the South
Korean brand's unpacking event on Feb 21, they "unboxed" the new 5.1-inch
Samsung Galaxy S7 and 5.5-inch S7 edge on a platform with walls that literally
opened up before the audience.

A close-up of the device was unveiled via a Virtual Reality (VR) show, viewed
through their Gear VR, a headset developed with tech company Oculus VR. When the
audience removed their headsets, who else but Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook
which bought Oculus VR for US$2 billion in 2014, showed up to make a surprise
keynote speech to support Samsung's VR efforts. An opening like that was bound
to raise expectations for the product itself, and Samsung easily stepped up to
the plate.

The audience ogled the 32GB device's beautifully contoured outer covers, with
glass and metal meeting seamlessly on the sides. One feature to note is the
rear-facing camera, which is almost level with the back of the phone.

While Samsung has been criticised for a lack of innovation with its MWC
offerings, users would appreciate the insertion of a microSD card slot, giving
you the option of expanding memory size to up to 200gb. They've also managed to
make the phone water resistant, despite the added slot. The devices will be able
to withstand a depth of 1.5m for up to 30 minutes.

New features include a more user-friendly edge panel, an Always-On Display, and
a dual pixel camera sensor for shooting in low-light conditions.

The Galaxy S7 4G+ and Galaxy S7 edge 4G+ will be available in Singapore from
March 12.

LG G5
Price to be announced

TECH fair or playground? It was hard to tell at LG's space. A ball-shaped robot
rolled through a mini race course, while visitors queued up to try out LG's new
VR headset. Rows of tables displayed the features of the new LG G5 against a
lime green backdrop.

It was all part of what the South Korean brand called the LG Playground, a
"smartphone ecosystem" that revolves around the G5, its companion devices and
supporting programs.

Most impressive was the phone's modular design that allows you to transform the
G5 into a digital camera or music player by swapping out parts of the phone.

The smartphone also offers a wide-angle lens option on the 16mp back camera, and
an Always-on feature, so you can always view the time and notifications at a
glance.

Companion devices include the 360 VR, their compact VR headset; 360 CAM, a
360-degree camera; and the Rolling Bot, a spherical robot that can be controlled
with the G5 remotely to keep an eye on your home and control certain home
appliances.

There is no launch date for the LG G5 in Singapore yet.

Sony Xperia X Series
Price to be announced

THE Xperia Z series stayed in the background as the new X series - the Xperia X,
XA and the Asia-only X Performance - took centre stage.

Design-wise, the Xperia X is reminiscent of its previous phones but is still
visually appealing, with an incredibly thin bezel adding to the series'
aesthetics.

The Xperia XA is pretty much a scaled-down version of the Xperia X. The X boasts
an impressive 23mp camera and a 13mp secondary camera, with an auto-focus
technology that tracks moving objects. In turn, the XA has a 13mp camera on the
back and 8mp camera at the front, without the auto-focus tracking capability.

The X Performance was not on show at MWC, but is said to have a more powerful
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, as compared with the Xperia X's 650
processor.

The Xperia X series is expected to hit shelves in mid-2016.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Huawei raised eyebrows at the MWC with Matebook (above), which works as
a tablet and laptop.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

LG goes for Samsung's crown with gorgeous G5

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; REVIEW; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 248 words


The most interesting part of following Android smartphones is how quickly the
leadership chops and changes. For more than three years, Samsung ruled the
roost, partially because it was the only one offering large-screen handsets.
That leadership isn't clear anymore - with rivals such as Huawei and Motorola
now showing us high-quality smartphones at lower price points.

LG has been overlooked in Ireland, mainly due to shops and mobile operators
keeping it out of circulation for their own commercial reasons. But it is
putting out smartphones that you'd be foolish not to consider the next time
you're thinking of an upgrade.

The new G5, in particular, is a powerhouse that mixes pleasing design with
fairly cutting-edge specifications.

Its high-resolution 5.3-inch screen is probably the perfect size for those who
don't quite want the 'phablet' dimensions of the biggest phones but do want
something that can handle the increasing amount of online stuff they now use
their phones for.

I really like that LG has put two cameras on the back of the phone, a main
16-megapixel snapper and a second, wide-angle, 8-megapixel lens. It adds a lot
to the type of photo you can shoot on this handset.

Unusually for high-end phones, the G5 has a removable battery. This is still a
popular thing for many people. Otherwise, it comes with 32GB of onboard storage
plus an external memory-card slot for more capacity. It has 4GB of Ram, making
it ultra-fast. It also comes in a couple of different colours.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

LG announces LG X Cam and LG X Screen

LENGTH: 201  words


By tbreak Staff -

With LG having major leaks of the G5 weeks ahead of the MWC 2016, you would
think that LG is out of things to announce.

LG recently announced two brand new phones, the LG X Cam and LG X Screen, which
represent a new design for its mid-range handsets. The new phones come with
relatively large displays of around 5 inches and a couple of signature features
from the LG flagship phones. The X Cam will come with dual cameras on the back,
similar to the G5, and a 5.2 inch screen with 3D Bending Glass and a curved
finish.

The X Screen, bears more of a resemblance to the LG V10, with a second screen at
the top of the phone. This 1.76 inch always on display expands on the 4.93 inch
HD screen, which makes it easy to make shortcuts to frequent apps, and always
see the time, date and notifications, without coming in the way of the main
display.

There is still more to be announced of the cheaper LG phones, such as its price
and other features. We can expect more as LG referred to these phones as
"premium features without the premium price." These phones will be there at MWC
2016, but there is still no word on its official release date.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/83/145562086707.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

LG strengthens ties with developers for G5 success '

LENGTH: 548 words


LG Electronics mobile business chief Cho Juno delivers a welcoming speech at a
developer conference at the Nurikkum Square in Digital Media City, western
Seoul, Thursday. / Courtesy of LG ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics said Thursday that it will bolster partnerships with developers
as a core business strategy to halt the years-long sagging performance of its
mobile unit.

The move came as the Android handset manufacturer held a developer conference
for its much-hyped G5 flagship smartphone. The world's first modular handset has
gained favorable responses for innovation, which critics say its rivals failed
to bring to this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona last month.

Under the theme of 'Play with Friends,' the company unveiled a series of
business blueprints to build what it calls a symbiotic ecosystem with small and
medium-sized enterprises (SME) and startups for the development of modular
devices. The company highlighted its LG Friends, a series of modular companion
devices that can plug into the G5, will be at the forefront to change the
current smartphone landscape, helping the company bounce back from the
relatively weak profile of its mobile business.

'We are going to open the LG Friends online store on Apr. 18 in a move to build
a co-existing partnership model with developers,' LG Electronics mobile chief
Cho Juno said during the developer conference. 'The online marketplace will
serve as a venue where both sides can actually make profits and continue to
extend partnerships.'

The event came about two weeks ahead of the official launch of the new handset.
The move is interpreted as an effort to take advantage of the market infancy for
modular device industry. LG Electronics, however, has yet to disclose the exact
launch date.

The company said it will also unveil its software development kit (SDK) and
hardware development kit (HDK) next month to provide more concrete guidelines
for developers.

LG Electronics Chief Technology Officer (CTO) Ahn Seung-kwon said, 'The
ecosystem for smart devices should be conducted in a mid- to long-term
initiative.' He said the company will continue to use the modular-based
development ecosystem for its future devices to build a mutual growth model
between developers and handset makers.

More than 400 developers and industry insiders packed the event to discuss the
new hardware ecosystem. The modular devices are gaining the spotlight from
global information and communication technology (ICT) giants such as Google and
Lenovo, as one of their differentiation strategies amid narrowing technology
gaps among handset makers.

Google previously hinted at unleashing its Project Ara smartphone which uses
interchangeable modules. Lenovo also recently unveiled its modular tablet X1.
But the modular devices have yet to be commercialized, due to such barriers as
costs and concerns over practical use.

Last month, LG Electronics unveiled a series of modules offering such features
as an improved camera and audio system. In particular, the company has formed a
partnership with Danish premium audio system manufacturer Bang & Olufsen.

The electronics giant is also planning to expand the developing ecosystem
globally by launching the second round of its developer conference in San
Francisco next month.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

LG G6 wont have any modular features

LENGTH: 222  words


That's a wrap on LG's mods.

The LG G5 launched earlier this year and came with a new concept of modular
accessories, however, it looks like the feature wont be making it to the LG G6.

The Mods, called LG Friends, would allow you to clip in and out to boost battery
capacity, add advanced camera controls, or improve the audio pumping out of your
phone's speakers. However, according to reports from Electronic Times of Korea,
this might be the last we see of the mods, as the LG G6 will revert back to the
solid slab of glass and metal design. The reason behind it is simple, LG G5
didn't sell well. Even though it managed to get decent reviews, the  average
smartphone buyer was less than pleased about having to fork out more money for
extra add-ons, as interesting as they were.

Meanwhile, LG also had issues with manufacturing the mods due to lack of
supplies. The Bang & Olufsen audio module wasn't available when the phone
actually launched, for instance.

Modular phones have been having a bad year all around, as the famed Google
Project Ara also got cancelled recently. However, Motorola's Moto Z with its
Moto Mods might be a saving grace. Letting go of the modular approach is in fact
quite sad, as it is hard to see more developers working on something new and
different and the modular approach held quite a bit of potential.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

US govt certifies LG's G5, V10 for enterprise, military use

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 137

LENGTH: 174  words


LG Electronics (LG) announced that the G5 and V10 smartphones have been
certified by the U.S. National Information Assurance Partnership (NIAP) for
compliance in meeting international security standards in corporate
environments. NIAP administers the globally recognized Common Criteria
Evaluation and Validation Scheme (CCEVS) for evaluating security conformance
with the Common Criteria international standard.

NIAP certification is recognized by the governments of 25 Common Criteria member
countries such as Canada, France, Germany, India, Japan, South Korea and the
United Kingdom (www.commoncriteriaportal.org/ ccra/members). LG's flagship
smartphones are equipped with LG's GATE technology for enhanced platform,
network, and application security that allow for secure, reliable access to
enterprise data. GATE, or Guarded Access to Enterprise, is LG's enterprise-level
security platform developed in 2013 to provide a variety of security solutions
such as anti-hacking and mobile device management systems for enterprise mobile
devices.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

LG honoured

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 14

LENGTH: 94  words


LG Electronics amassed a total of 33 awards at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2016,
including the event's top honour, Best Mobile Handsets  and  Devices Award,
securing status as the most honoured company at the show, a statement said on
Wednesday.

The wins highlighted the Modular Type innovation behind LG's latest flagship
smartphone, the LG G5 and Friends, demonstrating that the company is at the
forefront of mobile communications, it said.

LG G5 and Friends earned top honours from Android Authority, Digital Trends,
Trusted Reviews and Ubergizmo, among others.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Samsung phones win battery test

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, July 31 -- Looking for a new handset and hoping to base your
purchasing decision on the back of a phone's battery life credentials?

Samsung's battery test 2016 was won by Samsung phones.

Samsung's German division has posted a new video on YouTube that compares the
battery life of seven of the latest flagship smartphones, including the Samsung
Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. Also competing are the LG G5, the Huawei P9, the
Sony Xperia X, the HTC 10, and the iPhone 6S.

The test is a simple battery rundown, where all of the phones are charged to
full, given a task, and set against the clock. The phones die one by one until
there's a winner, which in this case turned out to be the Samsung Galaxy S7.
Here are the times, from worst to best, in HH:MM:SS format:

LG G5 (2,800mAh) - 06:31:49

Huawei P9 (3,000mAh) - 06:51:43

Sony Xperia X (2,620mAh) - 07:15:35

HTC 10 (3,000mAh) - 08:00:03

Apple iPhone 6S (1,715mAh) - 08:13:57

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (3,600mAh) - 10:30:1

Samsung Galaxy S7 (3,000mAh) - 10:59:11

So it's clear that Samsung's Galaxy S7 is the winner by a decent margin. But
what's more interesting is comparing these rankings to a list of the same phones
ordered by the capacity of their batteries, from lowest to highest:

Apple iPhone 6S - 1,715mAh

Sony Xperia X - 2,620mAh

LG G5 - 2,800mAh

Huawei P9 - 3,000mAh

HTC 10 - 3,000mAh

Samsung Galaxy S7 - 3,000mAh

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge - 3,600mAh

When you look at this way, some other observations become obvious. For instance,
the Huawei P9 has a bigger battery than three of the phones, and the same
battery as three of the phones, and yet it came second to last in the battery
tests, suggesting sub-par optimisation.

Perhaps the biggest achievement is the Apple iPhone 6S, which came second only
to the Samsung phones in terms of battery performance, despite having the
smallest cell by far. That's no surprise, mind.

The iPhone always performs well for battery life compared to battery size due to
the optimisation of its software and hardware - Apple designs one OS for one
phone, and builds its chip to suit that OS.

It's also worth noting that display pixel density has a significant effect on
battery life, and the iPhone 6S has the lowest screen resolution of all the
phones on the list, according to news agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

LG V20 wont be a modular phone

LENGTH: 180  words


Looks like the LG V20 wont be getting any Friends

LG is all set to release its latest flagship V20 this week, and it looks like it
might not be a modular device.

Unlike the G5, the V20 wont be having a modular concept. According to eyewitness
accounts the LG V20 won't come with swappable "friends" modules, but it will
have a removable battery. This can be done by taking off the back cover, which
gives you access to the battery as well as the slots for SIM card and microSD.

According to sources who have seen the phone, LG would not include a modular
approach mainly to shorten the time between manufacture and getting the handset
on shelves. The earlier V10 didnt have a modular approach as well, so its not
really that big of a surprise when its not in the V20.

On the other hand, modular devices are not doing that well. The LG G5 didnt sell
as well as the company hoped, and Google also shut down its Project Ara phone
last week. LG is launching the V20 at a San Francisco event tomorrow, September
6, and we are waiting for more details regarding prices and availability.

Source

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      November 1, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

LG's Flagship Smartphone V20 Will Be Priced At Rs 49,990

LENGTH: 272  words


The handset features a dual screen and dual camera setup.

Announced in September, the LG V20 is rolling out in global markets. After the
G5's lacklustre reception, LG clearly wants to take on the Galaxy S7 and iPhone
7 with its new phone. In fact, the Korean company is all set to launch its
latest flagship in India. According to gadgets.ndtv.com, the V20 will be pegged
at Rs 49,990.

Departing from the gimmicky modular design of the G5, the V20 embraces a
streamlined premium look. It phone features a backplate that provides access to
a 3200 mAh battery. It's impressive how LG has retained the swappable battery
without compromising on the design.

Much like its predecessor, the LG V20 sports two screens. The primary one is a
5.7-incher with 2560x1440 pixels. The 2.1-inch secondary display with pixel
dimensions of 160x1040 sits above the main screen. It is basically used for
pushing notifications and alerts.

In addition to the dual screens, the phone sports a dual-camera setup. The
primary camera comprises of a 16-megapixel OIS (Optical Image Stabilisation)
module coupled with an 8-megapixel depth sensor. This should provide some neat
features to play with the depth of field in photos. For selfies, you have to
settle for a 5-megapixel snapper.

The handset is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chipset. Thanks to a 4 GB
RAM, multitasking won't be an issue at all. The V20 comes with 64 GB internal
storage and microSd card slot that supports up to 2 TB of additional space.
Other features include a fingerprint sensor, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 LE,
A-GPS, NFC, USB Type-C port, and 3200 mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung Electro, LG Innotek bet big on dual camera demand

LENGTH: 306 words


[THE INVESTOR] South Korea's top two electronics parts makers -- Samsung
Electro-Mechanics and LG Innotek -- are betting big on surging demand for
dual-camera smartphones.

The parts units of Samsung and LG have been somewhat struggling in recent months
amid cost-cutting pressure from smartphone manufacturers in a saturated market.
But as their clients are focusing more on premium features especially on
cameras, their dual-camera module business are recently gaining a fresh
momentum.

LG G5 that features a dual camera

Dual-camera smartphones have two camera modules, with each of them working alone
or together to improve camera functions.

LG Electronics has adopted the upgraded cameras into its premium smartphones.
The latest G5 features a 16-megapixel camera with a standard lens and an
8-megapixel camera with a wide-angle lens. LG Innotek supplies the modules.

LG Innotek is also said to be supplying its dual-camera modules to the upcoming
Apple iPhone 7 that comes out in September. It recently decided to build a new
camera module plant in Vietnam due to a possible surge in iPhone demand.

"Except orders from LG Electronics, LG Innotek is expected to supply 31.2
million dual-camera modules in the latter half of this year. Compared to
single-camera modules, profits from dual-camera modules are more than double,"
said Park Hyoung-woo, an analyst at SK Securities.

Samsung Electro-Mechanics is also expected to benefit next year as the next
Galaxy S phone, tentatively called Galaxy S8, is widely expected to adopt a dual
camera for the first time.

The company plans to start supplying dual-camera modules to Chinese handset
makers in the latter half of this year.

"Dual cameras will make up almost one-third of the company's total sales next
year," said Lee Soo-hak, an analyst at Hanwha Investment and Securities.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE Launches in US

LENGTH: 596  words


March 24 -- The LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE - the first Android Wear
smartwatch with cellular connectivity that lets you make and receive calls right
from your wrist - is now available for pre-order at AT&T and Verizon stores and
ATT.com and Verizon.com.

With a classic timepiece design featuring a hairline-etched stainless steel
body, durable hypoallergenic TPSiV elastomer band and a full circle 348ppi
P-OLED display, this smartwatch sports three buttons on the right side to
provide quick access to shortcut, LG Health and other apps. Plus, it's
compatible with Android smartphones1 including the all new LG G5, which arrive
at Amazon, AT&T, Best Buy, Best Buy Mobile, B&H, Costco, Sprint, T-Mobile, U.S.
Cellular and Verizon in April.

"The future is here. With the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE, our customers can
get even more functionality out of their wearables, in a way that used to seem
like something only out of science fiction," said Morris Lee, President of LG
Electronics Mobile USA and Head of North America Mobile Business. "To be able to
make and receive calls, right from a device that is not only a smartwatch, but
looks like a beautiful classic design, is yet another example of LG's practical
innovation and on-going desire to help ensure that life's good!"

LG's newest smartwatch works when paired or it can go alone, when carrying a
smartphone isn't practical or convenient like morning runs or a match on the
tennis court. And its high-capacity 570mAh battery and Power Saving Mode lets
the smartwatch last throughout the day with power to spare.2 There's also an
Ambient mode that can be enabled or disabled with the simple press of the crown
button.

AT&T customers can now pre-order the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE, compatible
with NumberSync, at www.att.com and AT&T stores. LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE
is the first Android Wear device enabled with NumberSync, which allows you to
send and receive texts, as well as make and receive calls from your smartwatch
using the same number that your friends, family, and colleagues already
recognize, even when your phone isn't nearby. It is available now for $99.99 on
a two-year agreement when you buy a LG G5 on AT&T Next.3

The LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE is also now available for pre-order at
Verizon for $449.99 with a new two-year contract or $499.99 at full retail
price. Verizon customers will enjoy one of the first 4G LTE smartwatches
available on Verizon and can add it to existing plans for $5 per month4. And for
a limited time, get $100 off the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition LTE with the
purchase of the all-new LG G5 or LG V10 on a two-year activation.

LG's newest smartwatch works when paired or it can go alone, when carrying a
smartphone isn't practical or convenient like morning runs or a match on the
tennis court. And its high-capacity 570mAh battery and Power Saving Mode lets
the smartwatch last throughout the day with power to spare.

Specifications may vary by carrier. Please visit AT&T and Verizon for more
information.

Key Specifications:

* Chipset: 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400

* Operating System: Android Wear

* Display: 1.38-inch P-OLED Display (480 x 480 / 348ppi)

* Size: 44.5 x 14.2mm

* Memory: 4GB eMMC / 768MB LPDDR3

* Battery: 570mAh

* Network*: Bluetooth 4.1 / Wi-Fi / LTE / 3G5

* Sensors: Accelerometer / Gyro / Compass / Barometer / PPG / GPS

* Color: Space Black

* Other: Dust and Water Resistance (IP67)

LG and the LG logo are trademarks of LG Corp. Other company and product names
may be trademarks of their respective owners.

Source: LG Electronics MobileComm USA

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 4, 2016 Tuesday 12:31 PM GMT

iPhone 7 battery fail: Apple's latest handset finishes LAST in independent
battery life test;
Apple claims the iPhone 7 lasts two hours longer than the iPhone 6s - but is it
long enough?

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 329 words


Apple may claim that its iPhone 7 has "the best battery life ever on an iPhone",
but sometimes your best just isn't good enough.

According to tests by consumer watchdog Which? , the battery on the iPhone 7
doesn't last anywhere near as long as its three major Android rivals - the
Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5.

All four phones were put through their paces, first making a continuous call
over 3G until the battery ran out, and then accessing a regularly updating web
page over 3G.

In the interest of fairness, Which? ensured that the signal strength on each
phone was consistent, the screen brightness was set at the same level, and each
phone had been fully discharged and then charged before testing.

On the call test, the iPhone 7's battery reportedly lasted 712 minutes - less
than half the amount of time as the Samsung Galaxy S7, which lasted 1,492
minutes. The LG G5 lasted 1,579 minutes, and the HTC 10 lasted an incredible
1,859 minutes.

When it came to internet browsing time, the results were a lot closer - but the
iPhone 7 still came bottom.

The 615 minutes of battery life offered by the iPhone 7 is 25 minutes less than
its nearest rival, the LG G5, and 175 minutes less than the top-performing HTC
10.

In fact, the HTC 10's 3G internet browsing time was even longer than the iPhone
7's 3G call time... It doesn't make for pretty reading for Apple.

Which? said the main reason for the iPhone 7's poor battery life was its
comparatively tiny battery cell - measured in milliampere hours (mAh).

"The iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery, whilst the HTC 10 has a 3,000mAh battery:
it should hardly be surprising that one battery nearly half the size of another
offers roughly half as much charge," it said.

This is likely to offer little solace to people who have forked out £599 and up
for a brand spanking new iPhone 7.

However, as Which? points out, battery life isn't everything when it comes to
picking the best phone. You can read our full review of the iPhone 7 here .

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                      Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Girls basketball teams learn sectional foes

BYLINE: Pharos-Tribune, Logansport, Ind.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 235 words


Jan. 26--The IHSAA on Monday night drew sectional pairings for the 41st annual
Girls Basketball State Tournament.

Sectional games are scheduled to begin next Tuesday, Feb. 2, and run through
Saturday, Feb. 6. The regional round is Feb. 13, semistate games are Feb. 20 and
the state finals are Feb. 27 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis.

The following are schedules for sectionals involving area teams.

4A AT McCUTCHEON

Game 1: Logansport (2-18) vs. Lafayette Jeff (5-17)

G2: Zionsville (15-3) vs. Kokomo (14-7)

G3: McCutcheon (10-12) vs. G1 winner

G4: Harrison (3-17) vs. G2 winner

G5: Championship

2A AT HEBRON

G1: Knox (7-14) vs. Hebron (9-10)

G2: Oregon-Davis (19-2) vs. North Judson (10-8)

G3: Delphi (16-5) vs. Winamac (12-8)

G4: North Newton (11-10) vs. G1 winner

G5: G2 winner vs. G3 winner

G6: Championship

2A AT ROCHESTER

G1: Oak Hill (16-5) vs. Manchester (9-12)

G2: Cass (10-11) vs. Southwood (5-15)

G3: Rochester (18-1) vs. Northfield (10-11)

G4: Wabash (13-7) vs. G1 winner

G5: G2 winner vs. G3 winner

G6: Championship

1A AT WEST CENTRAL

G1: North White (17-3) vs. Caston (5-16)

G2: Pioneer (1-18) vs. Covenant Christian (10-10)

G3: South Newton (7-12) vs. West Central (6-14)

G4: Tri-County (5-14) vs. G1 winner

G5: G2 winner vs. G3 winner

G6: Championship

___ (c)2016 the Pharos-Tribune (Logansport, Ind.) Visit the Pharos-Tribune
(Logansport, Ind.) at www.pharostribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160126-LG-Girls-basketball-teams-learn-sectional-foes-0126-20160126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LG


                         Copyright 2016 Pharos-Tribune


                              217 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Products presented at MWC in Barcelona

LENGTH: 281  words


The Mobile World Congress (MWC), the most important mobile communication event
in the world, opened its doors in Barcelona Monday.

The booth of LG Electronics is seen as its new smartphone, the LG G5, is
presented at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016.
[Photo/Xinhua]

The booth of LG Electronics is seen as its new smartphone, the LG G5, is
presented at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016.
[Photo/Xinhua]

Staff members of Chinese company OPPO display VOOC technology to visistors at
the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016. [Photo/Xinhua]

An attendee tries the HTC virtual experience VIVE at the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016.[Photo/Xinhua]

Gionee S8 is displayed following its presentation at the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016.[Photo/Xinhua]

A visitor tries a remote control robot which allow people to control machines
wireless from any distance in Barcelona, Spain, Feb 23, 2016. [Photo/Xinhua]

HTC new device ONE X9 is displayed at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona,
Spain, Feb 23, 2016. [Photo/Xinhua]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/7/145652882854.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839deda2d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/145652882980.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839ded628.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/145652883085.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839ded729.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/145652883221.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839ded72a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/145652883778.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839ded82b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/11/145652896930.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839ded92c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/145652897447.jpg

b083fe955a0f1839deda2e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 511 words


LG G5

$988 (without contract), available in April

The G5 is LG's first modular smartphone which allows you to add modules to the
device's bottom for more functionalities. These modules include the LG CAM Plus
camera grip and LG Hi-Fi Plus audio player.

On its own, this Android Marshmallow smartphone features a 5.3-inch touchscreen
display of 2,560 x 1,440 pixels, a 16-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel
front-facing camera. It is powered by the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor with 4GB of system memory and 32GB of storage. A microSD card slot
offers up to 2TB in extra storage.

Tefal Actifry Express

$399

The Tefal Actifry Express cooks food at the optimal temperature of 180 deg C for
faster cooking while preserving the food's nutritional value.

It has an electric temperature sensor and comes with a handy snack basket for
items such as nuggets, fish fingers and croquettes. There are three convenient
preset menu functions for vegetables (15min), poultry (20min), and French fries
(30min). A manual timer function is also available.

Sony a6300

$1,479 (body only)

Sony's new flagship APS-C-sized mirrorless camera is finally here. The Sony
a6300 packs a newly developed 24.2-megapixel Exmor APS-C CMOS image sensor with
Sony's Bionz X image processing engine. It is able to shoot up to 11 frames per
second and offers 4K video recording in Super 35mm format.

It is also equipped with the world's fastest autofocusing (AF) system, according
to Sony. This system has 425 phase-detection AF points - the highest number of
AF points currently found in any interchangeable lens camera.

Lifetrak R420

$159

The Lifetrak R420 is a fitness tracker that allows you to measure your heart
rate by simply touching a button, or by using a heart rate monitor chest strap
(sold separately) for a more accurate reading.

It can also track your daily physical activities by measuring your steps taken,
distance walked and even workouts. Sleep is automatically monitored as well. The
R420 is water resistant to a depth of 30m and can last one year on a coin
battery, so you can wear it all the time.

Innergie PowerGear ICE 65

$89

If your petite Ultrabook is saddled with a big and heavy power adapter, the
Innergie PowerGear ICE 65 can help.

This 65W universal laptop power adapter weighs only 130g and takes up minimal
space at only 7cm high and 4.3cm thick. It comes with six power tips that allow
it to charge most laptops such as Toshiba, Asus, Acer, Dell, Lenovo and HP.

Furthermore, you can add the Innergie WizardTip ($19) to gain a USB port with a
2.4A power output to charge mobile devices while you charge your laptop.

New Balance Fresh Foam Zante v2

$169

Designed for runners with a neutral foot strike, the New Balance Fresh Foam
Zante v2 features an aggressive toe spring for quick transition during the gait
cycle. In other words, it is meant for speed.

The patterned mesh upper offers flexible support, while its bootie construction
provides an extremely snug fit. Yet, cushioning is still ample thanks to a newly
designed Fresh Foam midsole.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

LG to unveil G5 smartphone in February

LENGTH: 241 words


LG Electronics sent out an invitation for the unveiling event for the firm's
next flagship smartphone model to the global media and industry officials on
Wednesday.

The next flagship phone will be, as widely predicted, the long-awaited G5 for
which the Korean firm has recently filed a trademark application at the Korean
patent office, according to an industry official.

LG Electronics' invitation for the unveiling event of the firm's next marquee
smartphone. (LGE)

The save-the-date announcement indicated that the event would be held in
Barcelona on Feb. 21, a day before the start of the Mobile World Congress trade
show.

The latest move of LG, which seems aimed at stealing the thunder from its
compatriot rival Samsung Electronics, which is also rumored to take the wraps
off the Galaxy S7 in February, came amid its dwindling smartphone sales.

LG, once considered as one of the "big three" smartphone-makers with
frontrunners Samsung and Apple, was outpaced by Chinese competitors Huawei and
Xiaomi to take the fifth spot in the global market in terms of market share in
the third quarter last year, according to market researcher IHS.

Rumor has it that the upcoming LG smartphone will feature a fingerprint sensor
on the back, two rear-facing cameras -- the main one being a 16MP shooter and
the other for 135-degree angle functionality-- an 8MP front-facing camera,
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor, and a 5.3-inch display.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

LG G Flex 3 wont be there at CES 2016

LENGTH: 242  words


By tbreak Staff -

LG has a habit of taking the stage at the annual CES show in Las Vegas over the
past two years, revealing the G Flex and G Flex 2 earlier. This year however, we
might not be hearing anything about the LG G Flex 3.

With CES 2016 only a few weeks away, there hasn't been any official story on the
LG G Flex 3, and we might not even hear anything about it during the event.
According to Media Daum, a Korean news website, LG might reportedly get rid of
the phone all together. Although this is still a rumor at this point, there is
still no news on why LG would cancel the G Flex series, even when its other
flagships are not exactly selling well. One possibility is that LG would want to
focus more on a device that can compete long term with the Samsung Galaxy S6 or
iPhone 6s, rather than devices that have a short lived novelty to them.

However, the report also mentions that LG will be unveiling the LG G5 in April
next year, as well as a successor to the LG V10 in the second half of 2016. If
the report is true, the LG G5 might be sporting a Snapdragon 820 CPU, Adreno 530
GPU with a 5.6 inch 2K display with a 21MP camera. It might also come with an
iris scanner or at least a finger scanner.

Last year LG had an amazing stall at CES having the only new handset by a major
company and grabbed majority of the spotlight, let's hope LG can pull off
something similar this year as well.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/48/145018734602.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

LG smartphones capture 15% market share in US

LENGTH: 162 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics has emerged as a serious competitor in the
all-important US smartphone market where Samsung Electronics and Apple are still
dominant players.

According to the latest sales data from Kantar Worldpanel, Samsung and Apple are
still the most favored smartphone brands in the US, having captured capturing 37
percent and 29 percent of total sales, respectively, in the three-month period
ending in May.

LG's latest flagship G5

During the same period, LG's market share soared to 15 percent, contributing to
Android's total share, which increased by 3.6 percentage points to 68.5 percent
in the US.

"The US is a key market for our premim strategy," said an LG spokesperson in
Seoul. He declined to break down the sales figures, especially for the company's
latest flagship G5 that was launched in April.

Huawei, which hopes to become the second-largest smartphone manufacturer in the
world, made up less than 1 percent of sales in the US.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

What are your plans this Memorial Day Weekend? Pop into a Sprint store to Have
Some Fun and Save Money Too!

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: New York



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



   This weekend, consider stopping by a local Sprint store for an exceptional
experience that will provide top-notch customer service, the opportunity to save
50% on most competitor rate plans and other fun, noteworthy promotions. Check
out the highlights below and make sure to visit your local Sprint store to learn
more about how #SprintSaysThanks.







     50% Off: With Sprint's super-fast LTE Plus Network, it's a great time to
give Sprint a try. Customers can save big on rate plans by switching to Sprint
and taking advantage of the biggest wireless offer in U.S. history. Customers
can switch to Sprint and get 50 percent off most Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile rate
plans.1 In addition, Sprint will cover switching fees up to $650 per line.2



     LG G5: For a limited time, new and existing Sprint customers get a monthly
service credit equal to the cost of a second device monthly installment payment
when you get two LG G5 phones. That's right &ndash; a FREE LG G5!3



     Amazon Prime: Sprint is including a 12-month Amazon Prime membership with
the Amazon Better Choice XXL plan. Customers get 40GB of high-speed data to
share and unlimited talk and text &ndash; double the shared high-speed data of
Verizon for the same price.4 This offer is available to new Sprint customers and
current customers who switch to the Amazon Better Choice XXL plan. With Better
Choice Plans, customers get unlimited talk and text and choose the amount of
sharable high-speed data and the number of lines needed for their family.



     30 Day Guarantee: Now is the perfect time to try Sprint and its 30-Day
Satisfaction Guarantee.5 If you're not completely satisfied, Sprint will refund
your money. No gimmicks, it's that simple.



     Phoenix area stores: In the Phoenix area, Sprint stores will donate 10% of
accessory sales to the family of slain Phoenix police officer, David Glasser.
Select locations will also be serving shaved ice and ice cream throughout the
day. Follow @Sprint4Arizona for more information.



     Check out your local Sprint stores for more special deals and offers. For
example, some stores in the West region are offering $50-$100 activation credits
on new lines of service on Sat. May 28.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                August 27, 2016

LG launches X Cam smartphone in India at INR 19,990

BYLINE: VoicenData Bureau

LENGTH: 227  words


NEW DELHI: The wholly-owned Indian subsidiary of South Korea's LG Electronics
has launched its latest smartphone, LG X Cam in India. Priced at INR 19,990, the
X Cam has a dual camera similar to LG G5, which has a 120-degree wide angle lens
to complement the standard lens. The 13MP standard angle lens and the 5MP wide
angle camera on the rear of the X cam delivers as wide a field of view similar
to the human eye, i.e. it can capture 53% more area than the traditional cameras
on the smartphones.

The X cam offers Pop-out-Picture feature, which combines the two images taken
with the standard and wide angle lenses to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.
Additionally, the panorama view automatically scrolls a wide image instead of a
static image and this feature also allows users to add a caption or a byline
after taking a photo.

Commenting on this launch, Amit Gujral, Marketing Head - Mobiles, LG India said,
"With X Cam, we are giving consumers a dual camera smartphone at a reasonable
price point. We are sure that the Indian consumers will like the very rare in
smartphones, 'wide angle' feature, something that has been inherited from our
premium smartphone LG G5. This 'wide angle' photography would be a unique
experience in this segment and consumers shall surely embrace this new
experience, which otherwise is possible only with nature gifted eyes."

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

LG smartphones get U.S. Government approval for enterprise and military use

LENGTH: 305  words


LG Electronics (LG) announced today that the G5 and V10 smartphones have been
certified by the U.S. National Information Assurance Partnership (NIAP) for
compliance in meeting international security standards in corporate
environments.

NIAP administers the globally recognized Common Criteria Evaluation and
Validation Scheme (CCEVS) for evaluating security conformance with the Common
Criteria international standard. NIAP certification is recognized by the
governments of 25 Common Criteria member countries such as Canada, France,
Germany, India, Japan, South Korea and the United Kingdom
(www.commoncriteriaportal.org/ccra/members).

LG's flagship smartphones are equipped with LG's GATE technology for enhanced
platform, network, and application security that allow for secure, reliable
access to enterprise data. GATE, or Guarded Access to Enterprise, is LG's
enterprise-level security platform developed in 2013 to provide a variety of
security solutions such as anti-hacking and mobile device management systems for
enterprise mobile devices. GATE's layered security components help to maintain
the integrity of software components, strengthening system protection and
safeguarding corporate data without compromising performance.

What's more, LG G5 and V10 also feature Google's Android for Work which
leverages the LG GATE network capabilities. Included in Android for Work is a
container solution which separates and secures work apps from personal apps.

"With the growing importance of higher security in business these days, we
believe a firm security platform is a must for mobile workplace devices," said
Chris Yie, vice president and head of marketing communications for LG Mobile
Communications Company. "This certification is confirmation that LG smartphones
are among the most secure mobile devices available today."

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday

Who will emerge as the king of Android smartphone cameras?

LENGTH: 467  words


The title for the best smartphone camera crown changes multiple times every year

 as the biggest names of the industry compete against each other by cramping
impressive imagery and optical technologies on their latest smartphones- almost
turning them into a mini DSLR.

Right now, we have with us three best Android smartphones that money can buy:
The Samsung Galaxy S7, the HTC 10, and the LG G5. Before we start to do a
side-by-side image quality comparison, let's add a thing or two about the
onboard optics of these smartphones

Samsung decided to revamp its camera strategy for the Galaxy S7 by implementing
a 12MP rear camera module with a faster F1.7 lens. This allows the user to
create natural bokeh effects for close up shots, and capture low-light subject
with less noise.

Don't be fooled by the lower megapixel count, as the new sensor pixel size has
been increased to 1.4um for capturing more light. The 26mm focal length should
be sufficient for clicking wide-angle shots. The front 5MP CMOS snapper is also
treated with a F1.7 lens.

For all those landscape shooters out there, LG made a smart move by implementing
not one, but two different main cameras on the G5: A 16MP camera with F1.8 lens
for all your standard clicks, and an 8MP sensor with F2.4 lens that offers a
135-degree wide-angle view. The front camera consists of an 8MP module and F2
lens.

The HTC 10 is integrated with HTC's best ever 12MP UltraPixel sensor on the back
(1.55um per UltraPixel, 26mm focal length), while the front camera optics
consist of a 5MP image sensor with 23mm wider focal length. Both the cameras
operate with a bright F1.8 lens.

As for the built-in AF system, the Galaxy S7 brings in the goodness of
Dual-Pixel phase detection that can focus quickly even on low-light conditions.
The LG G5 and the HTC 10 are fitted with laser autofocus. All the three
smartphones come with on-board Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) to minimize
shake. It should be noted that the HTC 10 is the world's first smartphone with
OIS for the front camera as well.

While these cameras now allow you to fiddle with different light settings for
better results, it's likely that the majority of users will not go through the
hassles of tweaking them. For our camera comparison, we have set all the three
cameras on Auto mode with HDR and 16:9 ratio capture. The following are the
megapixel configuration that we have chosen for the test:

- Samsung Galaxy S7: 3.8MP front/ 9.1MP rear - LG G5: 8MP front (default)/ 16MP
normal rear, 8MP wide-angle rear (default), OIS selected - HTC 10: 4MP front/
9MP rear

We will be testing the cameras based on the following situations: Outdoor
daytime shots, Indoor shots, Color focused shots, Macro, Zoom, Outdoor night
shots, and People.

1
2
3
4
5
6
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/146149660583.JPG



LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

LG V20 image leak shows thin bezels and attractive design

LENGTH: 328  words


LG V20 could be the premium smartphone you've been waiting for, since according
to the image, the build quality looks terrific

Being the first non-stock Android running smartphone is certainly a perk for the
upcoming LG V20, but the latest image leak highlights some features of the
smartphone from the outside, which you are about to see. Though the quality of
the image is far below average, you can see the thin size bezels, and the
general screen-to-size ratio of the device is going to be high because a very
small portion of the smartphone's body is actually surrounding the display.

Unfortunately, we cannot see the speaker present on the front side, so that
could mean the smartphone will have back-facing speakers. While it does not
appear in the image, LG V20 is said to be in the same league as its predecessor,
the G5, which could mean that we'll be looking at a modular design in the same
fashion. While modular smartphones could improve in the future, right now
customers just want the perfect phone that will work as soon as they unbox them,
and without going through all the unnecessary attachment of gizmos and modules
to improve their experience.

One other thing that LG will have to be careful of is not to downgrade the
quality control of its smartphones. LG G5 has been severely criticized right
down to the software chunks, and die-hard LG smartphone fans naturally do not
want the company to become a thing of memory. The V20 is said to come with
improved features, such as a terrific rear camera just like its predecessor, and
we could be looking at a dual camera too.

One other thing LG should work on is its software. Users have heavily criticized
LG for its bloatware and the phone stuck in boot loops, so if the company is
focusing so much on the hardware, perhaps it's the software that needs to be
focused on instead. Whatever product we get to see in September, we'll fill you
in on all the details, so stay tuned for that announcement.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

'V20 not enough for LG Electronics' turnaround'

LENGTH: 271 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics' clout in the global smartphone market is steadily
declining on the back of cut-throat competition in the sector.

And the Korean firm's bet on its next high-end smartphone, the V20, which
succeeds the V10, is not expected to bring about a dramatic turnaround,
according to industry watchers.

LG V10 phablet. Its successor, tentatively called V20, is expected to come out
in September. LG Electronics

"LG's upcoming new high-end smartphone will not be able to offset the sluggish
sales of the G5 handsets," said Park Kang-ho, an analyst from Daishin
Securities.

The South Korean tech firm's smartphone sales in the April-June period fell 1
percent on-year to 13.9 million units, comparing with the 77.6 million shipments
of Samsung Electronics.

On the global front, Chinese smartphone-makers are fast on LG's heels, and they
have long pushed the firm out from the list of the world's top five
smartphone-makers.

Samsung and Apple maintained the top two slots, respectively, in terms of
shipment in the second quarter, followed by Huawei, which shipped 320 million
units. Oppo and Xiaomi switched places, with the former up at fourth place,
while the latter slid to fifth.

Amid the reshuffling, LG Electronics' mobile business has been in the red for
the fourth consecutive quarter when it logged 153.5 billion won of operating
loss in the April-June period. In sharp comparison, Samsung raked in 4.3
trillion won of operating profit.

LG has so far conceded the failure of its latest flagship G5 smartphone, and
vowed to make "utmost efforts to make its mobile business return to the black."

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Smart treats to really wag Fido's tail

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 572 words


At the Mobile World Congress last week in Barcelona, Spain, big mobile brands
like LG, Sony and Samsung asked the question: has the smartphone had its heyday?

The answer, of course, was no - they still want us to buy their phones - yet
each was looking for ways to reinvent the smartphone and extend its reach beyond
the device itself.

Ancillary gadgets, from virtual reality headsets to toys for your pets, are now
popping up everywhere.

Here are three of our favourite innovations from the show.

LG Rolling Bot

One of a range of "friends" unveiled with LG's new G5 modular smartphone, the
Rolling Bot is the cutest of them all. It has an inbuilt 8MP camera, speaker and
laser and can be controlled remotely via your home's wi-fi through an app on the
G5, no matter where in the world you are. LG says the Rolling Bot is designed to
keep your pets from getting lonely while you're out of the house.

You can check up on your furry friend through the bot's camera and save snaps
and videos.

Or you can roll the bot around the house shooting a little red laser for Fifi to
go bananas over. You can talk through the mic in your phone and your pet will
hear you through the bot's speakers. "What's up, dog!"

Other non-pet-related uses include remote control capability with compatible
devices, and home security.

Cat S60 smartphone

Caterpillar makes those fun yellow trucks and as such, its line of "Cat Phones"
is designed for the rough and tumble of construction and trade work.

That doesn't mean its latest phone won't be a damn cool gadget for any regular
Josephine.

With military-grade strength, the CAT S60 will withstand a drop of 1.8m and the
touchscreen will work even with wet hands or when wearing gloves.

It's waterproof up to 5m submerged for an hour, and can take video and stills
underwater.

As if all that isn't cool enough, it has an inbuilt thermal imaging system,
powered by FLIR Systems, a world leader in the field.

The phone sports two rear cameras - a thermal camera and regular camera - which
work in tandem to overlay both the thermal and visual images for a clearer
rendering.

Sony Xperia Ear

There's been much hype over the past year about how we'll all soon be talking to
our phones constantly for directions and everyday tasks, with artificial
intelligences like Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google Now rapidly
improving.

Sony has taken things one step further by creating an ergonomic earpiece so
you'll have a personal assistant everywhere you go, without having to look at
your phone.

It connects to the internet on your phone via Bluetooth, fits comfortably in
your ear and is very lightweight.

It will last for up to four hours of talk time or 80 hours of stand-by time, but
the case has three charges in it, potentially extending the device's life span
all day while out and about.

Sony says the Ear is designed to give smartphone owners back their eyes so
they're not constantly looking down at their phones.

Hands-free navigational directions are a cinch as you ask it where to go and it
tells you the answers.

It will also read Facebook, SMS or WhatsApp messages out to you so you don't
have to pick up your phone - and you can dictate a reply. You can search the
web, ask it to make phone calls, and customise a number of other commands and
notifications to suit you, such as how it greets you when you first put it
on.Fairfax

--------------------

CAPTION:

The Rolling Bot has an inbuilt 8MP camera, speaker and laser.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

ET Launch Pad: Seven new must-have gadgets

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 643 words


Smartron t.phone

The first smartphone from Smartron is powered by a Snapdragon 810 processor and
runs Android 6.0. It has a 5.5-inch super amoled full HD display with Gorilla
Glass 3 and weighs just 149 grams. Hardware specifications include 4GB DDR4 RAM,
64GB storage and a 3,000mAh battery. Other features include Hybrid dual SIM
(second slot for microSD or nano SIM), USB Type-C port, 13MP rear camera with 4K
video recording, 4MP front camera, 4G and VoLTE. It is available for pre-booking
with deliveries expected in June 2016.

Mitashi 65" SMART TV With a giant 65-inch, full HD panel, this new Smart TV from
Mitashi runs Android 4.4 OS on a quad core processor with 4GB storage and 512MB
RAM. You get 3 USB ports, 3 HDMI out ports and built-in WiFi for connectivity.
An air mouse remote control (with a built in keyboard for text input) is
included in the box. Other features include screen mirroring, remote control via
smartphone and access to Google's Play Store.

Intex Cloud String HD This is Intex's second sub Rs 7,000 smartphone with a
fingerprint sensor. It features a 5-inch HD display and comes with 4G and VoLTE
support. Hardware includes a 1.3Ghz quad core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage
and a 2,200mAh battery. You get an 8MP rear camera, 5MP front camera, dual SIM
slots, a microSD slot (up to 32GB cards supported), WiFi and Bluetooth. It will
be available exclusively on Flipkart

Coolpad Max Coolpad has just launched the Max - its flagship phablet, in India.
It has a 5.5-inch full HD display and it runs Android 5.1 with an octa core
Snapdragon 617 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage and a 2,800mAh battery. There is
a 13MP primary camera, 5MP front camera, fingerprint sensor, dual SIM slot,
microSD slot for expansion and 4G connectivity. The phone boasts of a unique
'dual spaces' feature that lets you have two distinct profiles on the device.
This means that you can have two Whatsapp numbers and two Facebook accounts
signed in on the same phone.

LG G5 Announced a few months back at the MWC (Mobile World Congress), LG's
latest G series flagship has finally made its way to India. The LG G5 is the
company's first modular phone: it has a removable base and comes with additional
accessories that offer enhanced functions. The G5 has a 5.3-inch IPS

display (2560 x 1440 pixels), weighs 159 grams and has a hybrid SIM slot (the
second slot accepts a microSD for expansion or nano SIM). It is powered by an
octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB RAM and 32GB internal
storage. There is a 2,800mAh battery with a claimed talk time of up to 20 hours.
Another highlight is dual rear cameras: 16MP + 8MP along with laser autofocus,
optical image stabilisation and 4k video recording. Other features include an
8MP front camera, USB Type-C port, 4G, WiFiac, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2, IR port, FM
radio and Android 6.0. You can pre-book it on Flipkart.

Alcatel Pop Star Star is the latest addition to the Pop range of smartphones
from Alcatel. It features a 5-inch laminated display (1280 x 720 pixels) and a
curved back panel for better grip. Inside is a 1Ghz quad core processor, 1GB
RAM, 8GB storage and a 2,000mAh battery. You also get 8MP rear camera, 5MP front
camera, dual SIM slots, a microSD slot for expansion and 4G connectivity. It
will be available exclusively on Gadgets360.com

Asus Zenfone Max Asus has announced an upgraded variant of the Zenfone Max which
comes out of the box with Android 6.0. The processor has been upgraded to
Snapdragon 615 (vs 410) and you can now get it in two variants: 2GB RAM/16GB
storage or 3GB RAM/32GB storage. Battery continues to be a giant 5,000mAh - just
like the first generation Zenfone Max. Other features remain unchanged: the
5.5-inch HD display, 13MP rear camera with laser autofocus, 5MP front camera,
microSD slot for expansion and 4G support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

LG Electronics profit jumps despite smartphone woes;
Television, appliance divisions report record results, however mobile group
remains in the red

BYLINE: Youkyung Lee The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 259 words

DATELINE: SEOUL


LG Electronics Inc. said Thursday its second-quarter net income jumped 19 per
cent thanks to strong sales of high-end TVs and home appliances that outweighed
another quarterly loss in its handset business.

Its April-June earnings came in at 268.51 billion won ($315.37 million), on
sales of 14 trillion won ($16.4 billion).

LG said its TV and home appliance divisions reported the strongest results in
the company's history.

The TV business saw higher profit even as its sales and shipments dropped due to
lower sales in emerging markets.

Instead, its portion of premium models, such as the OLED TV, went up, boosting
profitability.

The company expected that demand for the high-end TVs would be robust during the
current quarter.

But its mobile phone division was in the red for a fifth straight quarter
despite the company's ambitious launch of the G5 smartphones.

Initially, the G5 received positive reviews with its modular designs that
feature a bottom that pops out and can be swapped in with other hardware.

But LG failed to increase sales of flagship phones. Its overall smartphone
shipment declined from last year.

LG's mobile phone division lost 153.5 billion won ($179.7 million) during the
quarter.

The company's handset business has never been profitable since April last year
and it quickly lost market shares to up-and-coming Chinese phone makers.

The company said that its mobile division's performance will improve in the next
quarter with the launch of its V series smartphones, which feature a large
screen, as well as more mid- and low-end models.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              231 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            April 30, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

LG goes retro with add-on capability

SECTION: REVIEW;NEWS; Pg. 26,27

LENGTH: 137 words


LG G5 Price: (EURO)700 unlocked from www.Expansys.ie Rating: ????? HHHHH
Remember when you could add things to phones other than Hello Kitty protective
cases? Back in the day, what made a phone cool was the way it slotted into
something (or something slotted into it). LG's new flagship 5.3-inch G5 phone
pays homage to this idea with its 'modular' design.

You can literally remove the bottom of the phone and add in different physical
bits of hardware. It could just be a replacement battery. But there are also
camera grips, VR sets and digital DAC music players that are compatible with it.
The phone has some other interesting specs, too. LG has put two cameras on the
back of the phone, a main 16-megapixel snapper and a second, wide-angle,
8-megapixel lens.

It adds a lot to the type of photo you can shoot on this handset.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       August 26, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG launches 'X Cam' Smartphone in India

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 265  words


New Delhi, Aug 26 (IBNS): LG Electronics India Limited (LGEIL) on Friday
announced the launch of its latest smartphone, LG X Cam in India.

The X Cam is designed to deliver exceptional value to those who want a
smartphone with a unique feature such as a Dual camera, that too at an
affordable price. Like the LG G5, the X cam inherits a similar 120-degree wide
angle lens to complement the standard lens. The 13MP standard angle lens and the
5MP wide angle camera on the rear of the X cam delivers as wide a field of view
as the human eye, basically it captures 53% more area than the traditional
cameras on the smartphones.

The X cam offers Pop-out Picture feature which combines the two images taken
with the standard and wide angle lenses to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.
Available only on the X cam Panorama View automatically scrolls a wide image
instead of a static image and the Signature feature allows users to add a
caption or byline after taking a photo. Amit Gujral, Marketing Head Mobiles, LG
India said, With X Cam, we are giving consumers a Dual camera smartphone at a
reasonable price point. We are sure that the Indian consumers will like the very
rare in smartphones, wide angle feature, something that has been inherited from
our premium smartphone LG G5. This wide angle photography would be a unique
experience in this segment and consumers shall surely embrace this new
experience, which otherwise is possible only with nature gifted eyes LG X Screen
will be priced in India at Rs. 19,990 and will be available from today across
stores in India. Image: LG twitter page

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics' profit up 19 percent on TV, appliance sales

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 28 -- LG Electronics Inc. says its second-quarter net income
jumped 19 percent thanks to strong sales of high-end TVs and home appliances
that outweighed another quarterly loss in its handset business.

The South Korean company said Thursday its April-June earnings came in at 268.51
billion won ($238.59 million), on sales of 14 trillion won ($12.44 billion).

LG said its TV and home appliance divisions reported the strongest results in
the company's history.

But its mobile phone division was in the red for a fifth straight quarter
despite the company's ambitious launch of the G5 smartphones.

Initially, the G5 received positive reviews with its modular designs that
feature a bottom that pops out and can be swapped in with other hardware. But LG
failed to increase sales of flagship phones.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

Korean Giants Take the Way Forward

LENGTH: 685 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, March 5 -- LG

To keep pace with changing times, LG wants to make a difference with its latest
flagship concept, the G5. Taking a leaf out of Google's modular phone model, the
concept looks as good as any of Android top range phones. It has a 5.3-inch
screen with a 2560 x 1440 resolution snugly sitting inside an aluminium unibody.

If one pulls out the chin of the phone, it comes clean off along with a battery
inside. That chin can be replaced with any of the extra modules that LG sells.
One of the modules is Cam Plus, which adds dedicated camera controls, an
enlarged camera grip and up to 50 per cent extra battery life to the phone.
Another module made for audiophiles in collaboration with the audio company Bang
& Olufsen is called the Hi-Fi Plus, and it is a 32-bit DAC and amplifier unit
capable of outputting high quality beats using the included H3 B&O Play
earphones.

Another prominent feature is the presence of the dual camera unit on the back,
carrying a regular 16-megapixel sensor and a 135-degree wide angle 8-megapixel
sensor. It has Snapdragon 820 processor complemented by 4GB of RAM, 32GB of
internal storage that can be expanded. It runs on Android 6.0, and has a
2,800mAh battery.

Samsung

Last year, with the launch of Galaxy S6 and the S6 Edge, Samsung wanted to prove
that it can make desirable phones out of glass and metal. In doing so, it had to
compromise on many fan favourites like micro-SD cards and water proofing. A year
later, the company wants to build on the great design without sacrificing any
functionality.

So, the S7 and the S7 Edge look pretty similar to their predecessors, albeit
with curved backs which makes them easier to handle.

More importantly, they restore all the features that were missing from the
predecessors like water and dust resistance and use of a micro-SD card to extend
the internal 32GB storage. Both the phones come with QHD Super AMOLED displays,
but where the S7 is just 5.1-inch, the one on the bigger curvier Edge is
5.5-inches. The back camera is downgraded from 16 to 12 megapixels which makes
for a smaller bump on the back, but Samsung ensures that it still makes good
photos owing to better lenses. Running Android 6.0, both the phones have
Snagdragon 820 processors. They will come with features like always-on display
in black, gold or silver options.

360 Cam

To make the Virtual Reality (VR) technology a success, LG has come out with 360
Cam, a 360-degree video camera.

This compact finger sized camera packs two 13-megapixel sensors placed under
180-degree lenses.

Capable of capturing photos and videos in full 360 degrees, the cam can connect
to LG G5 or can record to a micro-SD card in its base. It works with apps like
Google Street View and YouTube 360.

360 VR

Realising that Virtual Reality (VR) is going to be a big thing soon, tech
companies are coming out with VR headsets. While Google has a very cheap
cardboard, Samsung has a bulky gear VR. LG, however, has come out with a sleek
headset. Calling it 360 VR, the company has ensured that the handset is light
and is comfortable to use. It can be used using a USB-C cable only. When the
headset ships it will work only with the LG G5.

Gear 360

The Gear 360 is Samsung's answer to LG's 360 cam and it works on the same
principles. It comes up with a cylinder that is perfect for capturing the
360-degree environment around us. That is achieved through two 15-megapixel
cameras placed under F2.0 fish eye lenses on the front and the back. While the
cameras record video at 30 frames per second, the F 2.0 lenses make sure that
the image is bright and sharp even in low light conditions. The Gear 360 is
capable of making photos, recording videos, time-lapse videos and even looping
videos. At 153 grams, it is super light in weight and of syncs with the latest
Galaxy phones using either Bluetooth or Wi-fi Direct.

Matham is a tech geek. Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5 to be fitted with faster mobile technology

LENGTH: 354 words


While expectations are high for the Galaxy S7 and G5, the new flagship
smartphones of Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics, respectively, an
announcement by mobile carrier SK Telecom on Monday offers hints to a new
feature on the handsets.

SK Telecom employees work at a laboratory of the firm in Seoul. (SKT)Korea's
leading mobile carrier said that it would deploy an advanced uplink carrier
aggregation technology, which will increase the upload speed of the long-term
evolution network, up to fourfold, in the first half of this year in Korea.

With the current LTE network, mobile users can upload a file at a speed of
25Mbps on the 10 MHz band.

"When the new mobile network technology is up and running, the maximum upload
speed, in theory, can reach 100 Mbps," an SKT public relations representative
said.

Since the faster upload technology is incompatible with the existing
smartphones, it is anticipated that the Galaxy S7 and the G5 will become the
first handsets sporting the faster network technology.

Both handsets will be unveiled during the Mobile World Congress trade show to be
held in Barcelona in February.

The deployment of the advanced uplink CA technology is inevitable in order to
cope with explosive data traffic growth due to streaming services, multichannel
networks, and social media, SKT explained.

SKT's network division head Lee Jong-bong said in a statement, "SKT will
continue to take the technology lead in the looming 5G era."

At the core of the upload technology is the UL 64QAM, which improves efficiency
in transitioning data into LTE signals, and the MC-PUSCH, which combines
disparate frequencies in the same spectrum into one frequency, according to the
mobile carrier.

The recent completion of the standardization works of the UL 64QAM and MC-PUSCH
by global mobile carriers and network equipment developers sped up the
commercialization of the uplink CA, according to the Korean network operator.

The new mobile network technology will be first commercialized in Seoul and its
adjacent regions and metropolitan cities by February, and expanded to other
regions down the road.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Four standout phones are great for gift list;
Know someone who needs a new handset? Try these.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 636 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a larger curved screen and larger battery than
the otherwise identical standard S7.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its size might not a good fit for some users.

The LG G5's modular design lets users swap in accessories and has two rear
cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery.

For hardware prowess, value for money and extras, the Google Nexus 6P is hard to
beat, even if its design errs on the big-and-boxy side.

There are some people on everybody's gift list who never seem to want anything,
but whom you know deserve something great.

Fortunately, phones make a great gift and that old handset your hard-to-buy-for
giftee is using needs to be replaced.

Here are four of the best candidates for the job:

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7-edge/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher-resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/lg-g5-review/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can only access the phone's app drawer in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/google-nexus-6p/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient, and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $499 to $649

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Section Editor Jessica
Dolcourt, Senior Associate Editor Lynn La, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior
Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology products,
please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              237 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Four standout phones are great for gift list;
Know someone who needs a new handset? Try these.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 636 words


The Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge has a larger curved screen and larger battery than
the otherwise identical standard S7.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its size might not a good fit for some users.

The LG G5's modular design lets users swap in accessories and has two rear
cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery.

For hardware prowess, value for money and extras, the Google Nexus 6P is hard to
beat, even if its design errs on the big-and-boxy side.

There are some people on everybody's gift list who never seem to want anything,
but whom you know deserve something great.

Fortunately, phones make a great gift and that old handset your hard-to-buy-for
giftee is using needs to be replaced.

Here are four of the best candidates for the job:

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7-edge/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher-resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/lg-g5-review/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can only access the phone's app drawer in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/google-nexus-6p/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient, and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $499 to $649

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Section Editor Jessica
Dolcourt, Senior Associate Editor Lynn La, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior
Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology products,
please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              238 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

LG X5, X Skin smartphones launched in Korea

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 302 words


NEW DELHI: Consumer electronics giant LG has launched two new smartphones X5 and
X Skin in Korea. Both the smartphones were announced last month in the country.
The duo are powered by 1.3GHz quad-core processor and runs Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system.LG X5 features a 5.5-inch HD display with 720x1280
pixel resolution.

It offers 2GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage which can be expanded further
up to 32GB using a microSD card. The dual-sim handset boasts of a 13MP rear
camera with LED flash and a 5MP front shooter for selfies. The device is backed
by a 2,800 mAh battery and offers 4G, LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS and NFC as
connectivity options.READ ALSO LG announces X mach and X max smartphones LG's
other new smartphone X Skin has slightly smaller display at 5-inch. The HD
display comes with 720x1280 pixel resolution. The dual-sim handset offers 1.5GB
RAM and 16GB of internal storage. Users can expand the storage up to 32GB by
installing a microSD card. For photography, the device sports an 8MP rear camera
with LED flash and a 5MP front camera. The connectivity options in the device
are same as those in LG X5.While LG X5 comes in White and Indigo Black colour
options, its sibling LG X Skin comes in Gold and Titanium colour variants.Last
month, LG launched its flagship smartphone G5 in India at a price of Rs 52,990.
LG G5 sports aluminum unibody modular design featuring a slide-out battery. The
battery of the smartphone can be popped out to attach the LG Cam Plus module to
it.The smartphone is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with
4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 32GB UFS ROM with support for microSD cards of up to 2TB in
size. The modular smartphone has a 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum display with a
resolution of 1440x2560 pixel.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG V20 confirmed as running Android Nougat 7.0, becomes first non-stock Android
phone to do so

LENGTH: 333  words


LG V20 is said to be announced during the first week of September, and after
much speculation it's finally confirmed that it'll be running Android Nougat 7.0

After a storm of speculations, it can finally be agreed that the upcoming LG V20
is going to be the first non-stock Android running smartphone to run Android
Nougat 7.0 as soon as you remove it out of its retail packaging. This is very
good news, since users will not have to be kept waiting for OEMs to waste months
and months just to release a brand new update, so you'll be able to see just how
well the newest operating system from Google performs on devices that are not
running the stock version of Android.

LG V20 is said to be in the same league as its predecessor, the G5, which could
mean that we'll be looking at a modular design in the same fashion. While
modular smartphones could improve in the future, right now customers just want
the perfect phone that will work as soon as they unbox them, and without going
through all the unnecessary attachment of gizmos and modules to improve their
experience.

One other thing that LG will have to be careful of is not to downgrade the
quality control of its smartphones. LG G5 has been severely criticized right
down to the software chunks, and die-hard LG smartphone fans naturally do not
want the company to become a thing of memory. The V20 is said to come with
improved features, such as a terrific rear camera just like its predecessor. In
fact, V10 was considered to be a very good smartphone that was not surrounded by
all the hype that other phones came along with prior to their official
announcement.

This time however, LG V20 should bring the hype team with it, and that will
naturally require LG to invest a heavy amount of resources for marketing
purposes. If such an approach is not undertaken, and if quality control is not
up to the mark, we could be looking at another failed Android smartphone that
provided what customers are not looking for, at least at this time.

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

MWC 2016: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 powers showstoppers

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Silicon giant Qualcomm is enabling three of the big announcements at the annual
Mobile World Congress (MWC) this year, including the much anticipated Samsung
Galaxy S7, the modular LG G5 and the enterprise oriented HP Elite X3. These
devices are all powered by the new Snapdraon 820 processor, which Qualcomm
claims will usher in never before seen efficiencies in how data ecosystems and
speeds.

Steve Mollenkopf, chief executive officer of Qualcomm Incorporated, said
smartphone technologies were already spilling over into other fields and 5G will
be taking 4G to scale with a strong product perspective.

Cristiano Amon, executive vice president of Qualcomm Technologies and president
of Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT), said with Snapdragon 820 VR use cases will
become very real and future versions will even enable desktop scenarios. "The
importance of timing the audio and visual is very high in VR," added Mollenkopf.

Qualcomm is also ushing in the Snapdragon X16 Modem, which will for the first
time usher in Gigabit speed LTE, in the second half of this year. Peter Carson,
senior director of marketing, says while the first products will be Wi-Fi
routers by the end of this year, smartphones can be expected to run the modem in
the near future. "That is tougher because of the form factor and thermal
footprint," he says, adding that competitors are clearly playing catch up with
Qualcomm on LTE.

Meanwhile, Sony surprised everyone by announcing a bunch of new phones, the
Xperia X, Xperia X Performance, Xperia X Premium and Xperia XA. The Xperia XA
runs a MediaTek processor and might come to India as a budget offering, while
the Xperia X Premium apparently runs a Snapdragon 820.

The showstoppers clearly are the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 launched on Sunday.
The most crowds are lining up to see these two new phone. The LG G5 is clearly
the more innovative of the two ushering in the option of adding modular
appendages improve audio quality, camera results and battery life.

Lenovo, meanwhile, showcased the Vibe K5 and Vibe K5 Plus which can be expected
to hit the Indian market soon. The company is already the third largest
smartphone manufacturer in India along with Motorola and is expected to
strengthen its offering in the $150-range with these new phones.

One little-known device that could have a lot of promise is the Ozo 360-degree
camera from Nokia which will be the first professional grade VR camera. Price
upwards of $60,000, the cameras could find widespread use in the movie industry,
according to the Finnish technology company which is exploring new avenues since
selling its smartphone business to Microsoft. Given that Samsung beamed its
Galaxy S7 launch event on Sunday in VR, we can now assume that VR has finally
gone mainstream.

Trvel for this report was sponsored by Qualcomm

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     February 22, 2016 Monday 11:54 AM GMT

MWC 2016: six of the hottest new smartphones and gadgets;
From Samsung's even more curvy Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to Cat's thermal camera
phone, the best new tech from day one at Barcelona's Mobile World Congress

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 804 words


The first day of the biggest trade show in smartphones has been and gone with a
myriad of shiny new gadgets launched from Samsung, Sony, HP, LG, HTC and even
Cat. Here's what's hot from Barcelona's Mobile World Congress.

1. Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

Following up on the redesign of its primarily plastic smartphones into popular
premium metal and glass slabs, Samsung's back with the even more curvy 5.1in
Galaxy S7 and bigger 5.5in Galaxy S7 Edge.

They both bring back fan favourites of waterproofing and expandable storage with
a microSD card slot. But possibly the most significant thing is that they have
larger batteries, hopefully ending the eternal hunt for a power supply.

Samsung also launched a 360-degree camera and will start bundling its Gear VR
headsets with the S7.

2. LG G5

Not to be outdone by its Korean rival, LG launched arguably one of the bravest
flagship Android smartphones to date. Its new G5 has a metal body, 5.3in quad HD
screen, fingerprint scanner on the back and runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow.

But unlike everything else the bottom of the phone is removable, exposing an
expansion port and the battery. LG hopes consumers will buy into a modular
design that allows them to add more battery, accessories and add-ons by slapping
them into the bottom of the phone.

LG also had a slender and light virtual-reality headset, a robotic ball with
cameras, IR blasters and a laser pointer built in and a 360-degree camera.

3. HP Elite X3

Computer manufacturer HP is having another stab at the smartphone game after
failing with the Palm Pre and a few others.

The Elite X3 is being pitched as the do-it-all Windows 10 device. A dual-sim 6in
phablet that slots into a dock to turn it into a Windows 10 PC of sorts,
allowing users to connect to an external display, keyboard and mouse.
Microsoft's Lumia smartphones will do something similar, but HP also showed off
a "Mobile Extender" that connects to the X3 to turn it into a laptop.

The device has its own battery, a full keyboard, a 12.5in display and various
ports.

It's all powered by Windows 10's Continuum feature, which provides a PC-like
experience from a smartphone when connected to a keyboard, mouse and screen.

The idea isn't new - Motorola tried something very similar with its Atrix
smartphones that slotted into a laptop accessory - and while it will be Windows
10 on the laptop or desktop, users will be limited to Windows Store apps.
Desktop apps require x86 chips such as those made by Intel, not mobile chips
such as the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 within the X3, no matter how powerful they
are.

4. Cat S60 thermal camera phone

Industrial machinery and clothing brand, Cat, has been making rugged Android
smartphones for a couple of years, but its latest has a new trick up its sleeve.

The S60 features a built-in Flir thermal camera for checking temperatures,
spotting hotspots and even finding people trapped in wreckages, according to the
company.

It's also waterproof to 5m depth, designed to survive falls of up to 1.8m and
certified to US military specifications for shock, heat, dust, salt and other
conditions that ruin regular smartphones.

5. HTC Vive

HTC and Valve's long-awaited virtual reality headset, the Vive, finally has a
price and release date. The Vive will cost $799 (£564), with pre-orders starting
on 29 February, shipping in early April.

In competition with Facebook's Oculus Rift VR headset, which costs $599, HTC is
pitching the Vive as the "complete VR solution" bundling it with two wireless VR
controllers, head-tracking sensors and two VR titles. The Vive also has a camera
built-in for enabling augmented reality experiences as well as VR, plus is has a
phone built into it for making calls, sending messages and checking calendar
invites.

It remains to be seen whether consumers, who will also have to either have or
shell out for a very powerful computer to run either the Vive or the Oculus
Rift, will be swayed by a gaming and computer accessory costing as much as a
smartphone.

6. Sony Xperia Ear

Sony's trying to make Bluetooth headsets cool again (if they ever were). The
Xperia Ear is a small earbud that does more than just make calls. It aims to put
a digital assistant into your ear, allowing users to get the latest news,
weather, social media updates and schedule information.

It responds to voice commands and can perform web searches or give directions,
but does not use Android's built-in Google Now voice assistant, instead relying
on Sony's own systems.

Other manufacturers have tried and failed to make tiny Bluetooth headsets more
than just hands-free calling accessories, including Motorola with its Hint. But
none have managed to overcome the stigma of wearing such a device in public or
convince consumers they want such a thing.


     ·    The mobile makers are coming for the PC market and it's all
          Microsoft's fault


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

What to expect from Mobile World Congress 2016

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 393 words


All the biggest names in the world of mobile telecoms and internet technology --
with the exception of Apple -- will be heading to Barcelona, Spain, February
22-25, for the 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC). New-generation flagship
smartphones from Samsung, LG, Huawei and Sony are expected at the event, as well
as appearances from prestigious special guests.

Stars of the show: Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5

New versions of some of the most innovative and high-performance smartphones on
the market are being lined up for the Barcelona trade show, with replacements
for the Samsung Galaxy S6, the LG G4 and the Huawei P8 expected at MWC 2016.

Samsung is likely to grab the most column inches with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy
S7 Edge, which brings curved edges to the handset's display. These new models
should be up for release from March, while a "Premium" version with a 4K screen
and a 14-core processor could be heading for the Asian market.

As well as unveiling its flagship G5, South Korean manufacturer LG is expected
to launch two models in a specialist new mobile phone range. The LG X Cam
handset gets twin 13- and 5-Megapixel rear-facing cameras, while the X Screen
comes with a dual-display design.
Although new handsets are likely from Huawei, in the form of the P9, and Sony,
other innovative models could steal some of the limelight. The Cat S60, for
example, is a waterproof, high-resistance handset that's billed as the world's
first smartphone with a built-in thermal imaging camera.

Alongside smartphones, plenty of connected devices will be on show at the
Barcelona event, with freshly unveiled models plus products presented back in
January 2016 at CES in Las Vegas.

Mark Zuckerberg takes center stage

Each year, the Mobile World Congress invites big names from the telecoms
industry to share their vision of the sector in a series of conferences and
debates. After outlining Facebook's mobile strategy at MWC 2015, Mark Zuckerberg
will once again be the undisputed star of the Barcelona trade show. Other
prestigious guests include Chuck Robbins (Cisco), Hans Vestberg (Ericsson),
Shang Bing (China Mobile), Vittorio Colao (Vodafone), Brian Krzanich (Intel),
Dan Schulman (PayPal) and Jonah Peretti (BuzzFeed).

Follow the keynotes live at mobileworldlive.com

Mobile Word Congress runs February 22-25, 2016 in Barcelona. Website:
mobileworldcongress.com



LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: LG G5 vs HTC 10 vs Apple iPhone 6S vs Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 418 words


NEW DELHI: LG has launched its first modular smartphone G5 in India. Priced at
Rs 52,990 the Android Marshmallow-based smartphone comes with fingerprint sensor
and a USB Type-C and will compete with the likes of HTC 10 , Samsung Galaxy S7
and Apple iPhone 6S .DisplayLG G5: 5.3 inches (1440 x 2560 pixel) resolution QHD
displayHTC 10: 5.2-inch (1,440x2,560 pixels) resolution QHD super LCD
displayApple iPhone 6S: 4.7-inch (750x1334 pixels) LED-backlit IPS LCD,
capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch (1440 x 2560
pixels) Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsOperating systemLG G5:
Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)HTC 10: Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)Apple
iPhone 6S: iOS 9 Samsung Galaxy S7: Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow)StorageLG G5:
32GB inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBHTC 10: 32/64GB
inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBApple iPhone 6S:
16/64/128GB inbuilt storageSamsung Galaxy S7: 32/64GB, microSD card up to
200GBRAMLG G5: 4GB RAMHTC 10: 4GB RAMApple iPhone 6S: 2GB RAMSamsung Galaxy S7:
4GB RAMRear cameraLG G5: 16 MP (f/1.8) + 8 MP (f/2.4), laser autofocus, OIS
(3-axis), LED flashHTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser autofocus, dual-LED
(dual tone) flashApple iPhone 6S: 12MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus,
dual-LED (dual tone) flashSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP, f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection
autofocus, OIS, LED flashFront cameraLG G5: 8MPHTC 10: 5MPApple iPhone 6S:
5MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MPBatteryLG G5: Removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh batteryHTC 10:
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh batteryApple iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715mAh
battery (6.9 Wh)Samsung Galaxy S7: Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh
batteryConnectivityLG G5: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothHTC 10: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi,
BluetoothApple iPhone 6S: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothSamsung Galaxy S7: 2G, 3G,
4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothProcessorLG G5: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorHTC 10:
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorApple iPhone 6S: A9 processorSamsung Galaxy S7:
Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processorMiscellaneousLG G5: Fringerprint sensor, NFC, Infrared, USB Type-CHTC
10: Fingerprint sensor, NFC, USB Type-C, HTC's BoomsoundApple iPhone 6S: 3D
Touch, Live Photo, Fingerprint sensor, Proactive AssistantSamsung Galaxy S7:
Waterproof, Fast Charging, Liquid cooling technology, Always On display, Dual
pixel cameraPriceLG G5: 52,990HTC 10: 52,990Apple iPhone 6S: 62,000Samsung
Galaxy S7: 48,900


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG V20 smartphone to come with dual camera setup

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG is all set to launch its V20 smartphone
next month. And to build up the anticipation for the same, the manufacturer has
posted some images on its official US Instagram account, claimed to have been
clicked with the V20. The images offer details about the camera setup of the
device.The successor to the V10, the LG V20 will likely have a dual camera
setup.

This would be comprised of a wide angle lens and a normal lens, pretty much the
same as that of the G5. One of the images posted by the company clearly
indicates that it has been taken using a wide angle lens.A GIF has also been
posted to the Instagram account. It seems that users will be able to select
specific parts of the images to animate, while keeping others static.The company
recently announced that its V20 smartphone will come with a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad
DAC (digital to analog converter).According to LG, the Quad DAC will help in
making the sound output of the phone crisp and clear sound. It'll also result in
up to 50% reduction in ambient noise. LG said that it worked closely with ESS
Technology , a leader in high-performance analog and audio devices, to ensure
that the Quad DAC delivered the best audio experience for future owners of LG
V20 .As per recent leaks and renders, the LG V20's rear will be largely similar
to the company's current flagship - G5. The phone is also expected to have a
fingerprint scanner.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG V20 smartphone to come with dual camera setup

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG is all set to launch its V20 smartphone
next month. And to build up the anticipation for the same, the manufacturer has
posted some images on its official US Instagram account, claimed to have been
clicked with the V20. The images offer details about the camera setup of the
device.The successor to the V10, the LG V20 will likely have a dual camera
setup.

This would be comprised of a wide angle lens and a normal lens, pretty much the
same as that of the G5. One of the images posted by the company clearly
indicates that it has been taken using a wide angle lens.A GIF has also been
posted to the Instagram account. It seems that users will be able to select
specific parts of the images to animate, while keeping others static.The company
recently announced that its V20 smartphone will come with a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad
DAC (digital to analog converter).According to LG, the Quad DAC will help in
making the sound output of the phone crisp and clear sound. It'll also result in
up to 50% reduction in ambient noise. LG said that it worked closely with ESS
Technology , a leader in high-performance analog and audio devices, to ensure
that the Quad DAC delivered the best audio experience for future owners of LG
V20 .As per recent leaks and renders, the LG V20's rear will be largely similar
to the company's current flagship - G5. The phone is also expected to have a
fingerprint scanner.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                  Pune Mirror

New flagship phones embrace virtual reality

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 628 words


Samsung has revealed its first 360-degree camera and a partnership with Facebook
for creating virtual reality content. Meanwhile, the LG G5's modular design lets
users attach its own compact VR headset

South Korean tech giants Samsung and LG unveiled new smartphones with better
cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest in their headsets at a
time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone - the flat-screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge - with cameras that can take better
pictures under low-light conditions.

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360- degree camera - the Gear 360 - in Barcelona, where the mobile industry has
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress, in its latest attempt to
remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets, which went on sale in November.

"User-generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset - this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset - the G5, its first modular smartphone, which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced, such
as a removable battery.

The G5 comes with several accessories, such as a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen, and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with the Gear VR headset launched by Samsung last year.+ The focus on
accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as it becomes
increasingly saturated.

LG's profits halved last year on the back of a global economic slowdown and
increased competition in the mobile sector, while Samsung was only able to boost
its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008, when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin, or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

New flagship phones embrace virtual reality

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 637 words


Mumbai Mirror Bureau

Samsung has revealed its first 360-degree camera and a partnership with Facebook
for creating virtual reality content. Meanwhile, the LG G5's modular design lets
users attach its own compact VR headset.

South Korean tech giants Samsung and LG unveiled new smartphones with better
cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest in their headsets at a
time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone - the flat-screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge - with cameras that can take better
pictures under low-light conditions.

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360-degree camera - the Gear 360 - in Barcelona, where the mobile industry has
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress, in its latest attempt to
remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets, which went on sale in November.

"User-generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset - this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset - the G5, its first modular smartphone, which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced, such
as a removable battery.

The G5 comes with several accessories, such as a sound system developed by
Danish firm Bang & Olufsen, and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with the Gear VR headset launched by Samsung last year.

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's profits halved last year on the back of a global economic slowdown and
increased competition in the mobile sector, while Samsung was only able to boost
its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008, when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin, or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Qualcomm wins back Samsung, LG business

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 517 words


BARCELONA, Spain - After a year of struggles, U.S.-based Qualcomm fully
normalized its business tie-ups with Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics.

Qualcomm said at this year's Mobile World Congress (MWC), here, that the
company's flagship Snapdragon 820 processor was being used for Samsung
Electronics' latest smartphones - the Galaxy S7 (S7) and S7 with a curved design
(S7 edge).

Given that Samsung has the largest smartphone market share, the tie-up will be
beneficial, according to officials.

'With Samsung, this year will be better for Qualcomm than last year, when it was
excluded from several batches of Samsung's Galaxy S6 smartphones,' an official
said Thursday (KST). 'The partnership with Samsung will be constructive in the
future and be expanded into new projects.'

The 820 chip adopted Samsung Electronics' 14-nanometer processing technology and
will be used in the two latest Samsung smartphones for the U.S. and
Europe.Samsung said it would use the company-owned Exynos-branded mobile
application processors in the smartphones for Korea.

Due to overheating problems, which Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf later admitted,
the U.S. company was in deep trouble last year. It ordered its engineers to
address the issue and to immediately customize chips for different handset
models.

Because, unlike Samsung, LG Electronics does not have its own factories to
produce mobile application chips, the 'Qualcomm trouble' forced the company to
change plans for the release of its flagship models.

But the Qualcomm CEO appeared at LG's mobile event for the G5 to praise LG's
successful development of its first modular smartphone.

During the LG event, more than 14 seats were reserved exclusively for Qualcomm
officials.

'Qualcomm has high hopes for good sales of the G5,' an LG official said.
'Qualcomm apologized again to LG for the instability of the early version of the
820 chips. However Qualcomm promised to expand the partnership into the
automotive business, which is promising.'

LG Electronics earlier said it was planning heavy promotional campaigns to
increase its global share.

Qualcomm said the smartphone industry would grow and that its own growth would
be in accordance with industry growth. It stressed that its decision to invest
in joint ventures and TDK was also aimed at strengthening its presence in the
smarpthone industry.

According to GSMA Intelligence, smartphones will account for half of all mobile
connections this year as the main focus switches to the developing world.

'Affordability is a major factor influencing smartphone adoption, especially in
the developing world,' said GSMA Intelligence forecasting unit analyst Gu Zhang.

'Smartphone prices are expected to fall due to increasing competition, a drop in
the cost of materials and improvements in software.

China will remain the biggest smartphone market this year, in which Samsung is
one of the top-tier players.

But Qualcomm hopes Samsung will introduce more budget variants of its
Galaxy-branded models for India, which is set to replace the U.S. as the world's
No. 2 smartphone market from the second quarter of this year.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                       August 26, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG launches X Cam Smartphone with dual rear camera at Rs 19990

LENGTH: 346  words


It features a 5.2 inch disaply, 1.14GHz octa-core processor, 2GB RAM, Android
6.0 Marshmallow OS, 16GB internal storage, 13mp + 5MP rear camera, 8MP front
camera, 2520 maAh battery and has 4G connectivity

LG Electronics India Limited (LGEIL), on Friday announced the launch of its
latest smartphone, LG X Cam in India. The X Cam is designed to deliver
exceptional value to those who want a smartphone with a unique feature such as a
Dual camera, that too at an affordable price. Like the LG G5, the X cam inherits
a similar 120-degree wide angle lens to complement the standard lens. The 13MP
standard angle lens and the 5MP wide angle camera on the rear of the X cam
delivers as wide a field of view as the human eye, basically it captures 53%
more area than the traditional cameras on the smartphones.

The X cam offers Pop-out Picture feature which combines the two images taken
with the standard and wide angle lenses to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.
Available only on the X cam & Panorama View automatically scrolls a wide image
instead of a static image and the Signature feature allows users to add a
caption or byline after taking a photo.

"With X Cam, we are giving consumers a Dual camera smartphone at a reasonable
price point. We are sure that the Indian consumers will like the very rare in
smartphones, 'wide angle' feature, something that has been inherited from our
premium smartphone LG G5. This 'wide angle' photography would be a unique
experience in this segment and consumers shall surely embrace this new
experience, which otherwise is possible only with nature gifted eyes," said Amit
Gujral, Marketing Head - Mobiles, LG India.

LG X Screen will be priced in India at Rs. 19,990 and will be available from
today across stores in India.

X cam Key Specifications:

* Display: 5.2-inch FHD In-cell Touch

* Chipset: 1.14GHz Octa-Core

* Camera: (Rear) 13MP Standard Lens / 5MP Wide Angle Lens and (Front) 8MP

* Memory: 2GB RAM / 16GB ROM

* Battery: 2520 mAh

* Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

* Size: 147.5 x 73.6 x 6.9mm

* Network: LTE

* Colors: Titan Silver

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      February 21, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

LG And B&O PLAY Collaborate to Enhance Audio Experience on New Smartphone

LENGTH: 372  words


Sunday, February 21, 2016: LG Electronics (LG) announced today that it has
entered into an agreement with premium audio firm B&O PLAY to offer smartphone
users an enhanced high-quality audio experience. Firmly grounded in 90 years of
audio and design excellence, craftsmanship and product innovation from Bang &
Olufsen, B&O PLAY interprets the same values for new types of contemporary
products aimed at quality and design-conscious customers, in line with LG's
position as a leader in smartphone audio.

The two companies have been working closely together on the new LG G5 to ensure
the best, most immersive sound experience for LG G5 users. LG will be the first
company to offer powerful Hi-Fi audio features co-designed by B&O PLAY.

"We are very excited to work with LG. With LG's dedication to premium
smartphones, the collaboration gives us the opportunity to bring B&O PLAY's
acoustic excellence to an even broader customer base," said Henrik Taudorf
Lorensen, President of B&O PLAY. "B&O PLAY appeals to music lovers who want the
best available products on the market. They are uncompromisingly innovative,
without boundaries and constantly on the go, and they expect the same from the
headphones as well as the mobile devices they choose, so this is a perfect
match."

Building on its many advances in smartphone audio, LG plans to expand its
collaboration with B&O PLAY to enhance the competitiveness of its smartphone
audio experience further.

"By collaborating with B&O PLAY, we believe we can meet and surpass the
heightened expectations of consumers seeking the next generation of enhanced
audio experiences on their smartphones," said Juno Cho, President and CEO of LG
Electronics Mobile Communications Company. "Our collaboration with B&O PLAY has
proven mutually beneficial, and LG will continue to work with other leading
companies in a variety of different industries in order to set new standards for
innovation in the premium smartphone market."

While its collaboration with B&O PLAY is a new development, LG has a long
history of integrating high-quality audio in its premium smartphones as
exemplified by the new LG V10, which is just one of many smartphones to earn
praise for its best-in-class audio capabilities.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                                 March 06, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

New phones get smarter

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 665 words


In last week's column I shared my first impressions of Samsung's gorgeous Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge smartphones following their unveiling at the start of the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. In the days that followed there were plenty
of other mobile marvels on show at this, the world's biggest mobile tech expo.
Here are five that caught my eye.

l LG G5

If the Samsung S7 Edge was the most beautiful phone at MWC this year, the LG G5
wins the prize for the most innovative.

At first glance it's an attractive, if unremarkable device - a metal body with a
fingerprint scanner on the back, 5.3-inch quad HD screen and running Android
6.0.

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This brilliant, brave modular design means G5 owners will
be able to slot in a variety of aftermarket modules.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam! You've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers
both a beefier battery and a palm fitting grip with a dedicated

l HTC Vive

Virtual Reality (VR) was huge at MWC with what seemed like every second phone
maker offering a headset. But for serious gamers and industry watchers it was
HTC's Vive that reigned in Spain this year.

At $799 (R12 500) it's no cheapie, but that didn't stop 15 000 enthusiasts from
buying it within just 10 minutes of pre-orders.

It comes bundled with two wireless VR controllers, head-tracking sensors and two
VR titles from HTC's partner, Valve, as well as a front-facing camera. Bear in
mind you'll also need a super high-end PC to "drive" the Vive.

l Xiaomi Mi 5

Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi has developed a reputation over the past few years
for impressively-specced, well-built smartphones at highly attractive prices.

But none to date has embodied this philosophy as perfectly as the Mi 5, a
stunning assembly of aluminium and glass. to rival the build quality and looks
of Apple's 6S and Samsung's S7 Edge. And it's not just in the eye candy
department that the Mi 5 is taking on the heavyweights. It's got plenty of
brains courtesy of a Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal
storage.

The best part, though, is the price tag. It starts at $413 (R6 500), at least
one-third cheaper than its big name rivals. Little wonder Xiaomi has already
received more than 16 million pre-orders.

l Samsung Family Hub smart fridge

So this giant, high-tech chiller isn't exactly portable, but it earned its place
at MWC because you need a smartphone to use it properly.

Say you're at the shops, but don't have the shopping list - on a conventional
fridge it's probably attached to the door with a magnet. With the Family Hub,
organised types will have stored the list on the Cloud using the fridge's
built-in tablet, allowing them to read it remotely on their phones.

There's no word yet on South African availability and pricing, but I predict the
price tag will have a chilling effect on all but the most well-heeled.

l Sony Xperia Ear

Bluetooth headsets are undoubtedly useful gizmos, allowing you to take calls
while on the go without the entanglement of wired earbuds. The trouble with
wearing one, though, is that you look like a sales type out of the 1990s and
people shoot you nervous sidelong glances as if expecting you to start bellowing
"show me the money" at any moment.

Sony's hoping to overcome this sterotype with its Xperia Ear by making the
earbud as small and unobtrusive as possible, while building in the kind of
functionality Tom Cruise's brash character in Jerry Maguire could only have
dreamed of.

Sony's pitching it as a digital assistant in your ear, delivering social media
updates, the latest news and weather, voice search capability as well as
turn-by-turn directions.

I'm a sucker for these devices, but I'd have preferred Sony to have used
Android's Google Now voice assistant, rather than its own.

l Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                             March 11, 2016 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 665 words


Alan Cooper

In last week's column I shared my first impressions of Samsung's gorgeous Galaxy
S7 and S7 Edge smartphones following their unveiling at the start of the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona. In the days that followed there were plenty
of other mobile marvels on show at this, the world's biggest mobile tech expo.
Here are five that caught my eye.

LG G5

If the Samsung S7 Edge was the most beautiful phone at MWC this year, the LG G5
wins the prize for the most innovative.

At first glance it's an attractive, if unremarkable device - a metal body with a
fingerprint scanner on the back, 5.3-inch quad HD screen and running Android
6.0.

But then it goes all Transformers on you.

Unlike any other phone, the bottom of the G5 slides off to expose an expansion
port and the battery. This brilliant, brave modular design means G5 owners will
be able to slot in a variety of aftermarket modules.

Need more juice? Slide in the battery module and, bam! You've got enough to go
all day and all night. If you're a photography buff, the photo module delivers
both a beefier battery and a palm fitting grip with a dedicated

HTC Vive

Virtual Reality (VR) was huge at MWC with what seemed like every second phone
maker offering a headset. But for serious gamers and industry watchers it was
HTC's Vive that reigned in Spain this year.

At $799 (R12 500) it's no cheapie, but that didn't stop 15 000 enthusiasts from
buying it within just 10 minutes of pre-orders.

It comes bundled with two wireless VR controllers, head-tracking sensors and two
VR titles from HTC's partner, Valve, as well as a front-facing camera. Bear in
mind you'll also need a super high-end PC to "drive" the Vive.

Xiaomi Mi 5

Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi has developed a reputation over the past few years
for impressively-specced, well-built smartphones at highly attractive prices.

But none to date has embodied this philosophy as perfectly as the Mi 5, a
stunning assembly of aluminium and glass. to rival the build quality and looks
of Apple's 6S and Samsung's S7 Edge.

And it's not just in the eye candy department that the Mi 5 is taking on the
heavyweights. It's got plenty of brains courtesy of a Snapdragon 820 processor,
4GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage.

The best part, though, is the price tag. It starts at $413 (R6 500), at least
one-third cheaper than its big name rivals. Little wonder Xiaomi has already
received more than 16 million pre-orders.

Samsung Family Hub smart fridge

So this giant, high-tech chiller isn't exactly portable, but it earned its place
at MWC because you need a smartphone to use it properly.

Say you're at the shops, but don't have the shopping list - on a conventional
fridge it's probably attached to the door with a magnet. With the Family Hub,
organised types will have stored the list on the Cloud using the fridge's
built-in tablet, allowing them to read it remotely on their phones.

There's no word yet on South African availability and pricing, but I predict the
price tag will have a chilling effect on all but the most well-heeled.

Sony Xperia Ear

Bluetooth headsets are undoubtedly useful gizmos, allowing you to take calls
while on the go without the entanglement of wired earbuds. The trouble with
wearing one, though, is that you look like a sales type out of the 1990s and
people shoot you nervous sidelong glances as if expecting you to start bellowing
"show me the money" at any moment.

Sony's hoping to overcome this sterotype with its Xperia Ear by making the
earbud as small and unobtrusive as possible, while building in the kind of
functionality Tom Cruise's brash character in Jerry Maguire could only have
dreamed of.

Sony's pitching it as a digital assistant in your ear, delivering social media
updates, the latest news and weather, voice search capability as well as
turn-by-turn directions.

I'm a sucker for these devices, but I'd have preferred Sony to have used
Android's Google Now voice assistant, rather than its own.

- Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

New phone allows users to attach better camera lens

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 216 words


The new LG G5 comes with a removable battery slot and additional features such
as a camera and a speaker that can be slotted into this area with the battery at
the base of the phone.

The Korean firm s president Juno Cho described the new device as  an adventurous
theme park in your pocket .

Google is also working on a modular smartphone where users can add and remove
features, though it is thought to be far from completion. A small second battery
inside the phone keeps it running while any swap is made.

LG made the announcement at a press conference ahead of the Mobile World
Congress technology show that begins in Barcelona today.

The G5 will also have an  always-on  screen, though LG added this will only
highlight part of the screen and use less than 1% of the battery every hour.

The phone s rear camera also comes with a wide angle lens, which can be used to
take photos in a 135 degree range   wider than the viewing range of the human
eye.

Meanwhile, Huawei unveiled a hybrid laptop to compete with the iPad Pro and
Microsoft Surface.

The two-in-one device, which is called the MateBook, functions as a laptop, but
the screen can be detached to operate as a tablet, which will run Microsoft s
Windows 10.

It will come with a 12-inch full HD touch screen, with 8GB of memory for mobile
use.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

Modular smartphones: The future or just a gimmick?

BYLINE: Monit Khanna

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 660 words


After LG introduced add-on modules for its G5 smartphone, Motorola is following
suit with the Moto Z.

The smartphone industry seems to have reached a saturation point. The only
innovations seem to happen with faster processors, higher resolution displays,
or better cameras. However, none of these upgrades actually offer a unique user
experience.

It's true that a better display would definitely look amazing, faster performing
hardware will help us be more productive, and better optics will help us capture
our memories in a much better way, but these smartphones lack the revolutionary
element; something unique that makes us sit up and take notice.

There were days when brands like Nokia and Motorola would compete to deliver
unique devices that not only performed well, but awed everyone with their sheer
engineering feat and beauty. Remember the Nokia Communicator or the edgy Moto
Razr?

Today, we see phones that are identical to each other - giant glass displays in
the front and a camera at the back, with either glass, metal or plastic bodies.
Gone are the days of the flips, the swivels and the sliders. Those phones feel
pretty dated from today's standards, but they did revolutionise the way mobile
phones were imagined.

There haven't been many notable inventions in the industry either. Sure, we have
the flexible displays and chipsets and we're close to getting a working flexible
prototype, but getting a production-ready unit will still take time.

One idea of delivering a unique smartphone user experience that actually got
many phone geeks interested was seen in a video two years ago, which went viral
on YouTube. This video showed the concept of making our smartphones modular,
where we can swap out outdated parts for upgraded hardware or optics, and we
don't actually need to change our phones for it. Just like on a desktop PC.

Although this was just a concept, it got manufacturers thinking. And then in an
instant, Google stepped in to make this dream a reality by initiating Project
Ara.

While the tech giant has since suspended work on Project Ara, it could well
license the technology to other vendors.

Meanwhile, LG made a bang at the Mobile World Congress 2016 by launching its
flagship, the G5 (left). It came with add-on modules, which LG calls LG Friends,
where users can swap modules into the smartphone for extra battery, or better
audio, etc.

This did seem to be working on the lines of a modular smartphone, and it is
consumer-ready, but these add-ons didn't entirely make the smartphone modular,
as one couldn't swap for a better processor or display. Moreover, the smartphone
needed to be turned-off for swapping modules. It wasn't perfect by any means,
but it was definitely a start.

Then recently, Motorola unveiled its flagship Moto Z (left) and Moto Z Play in
India. These phones too are modular, and appear slightly more practical than the
G5. For starters, the device won't need to be switched off to swap modules. The
modules available look good too, as they double up as back covers, with a few
designed by Kate Spade.

You could also get a JBL speaker module, or a projector module, all to be
slotted into the back of the smartphone, just like the case.

Although these modules aren't reasonably priced, they do offer a good amount of
productivity, and in a way, make the smartphone modular.

There are still numerous barriers to overcome in order to achieve a true modular
smartphone. Chief among these are the chipset of the smartphone, support from
third parties to create modules, and the performance and practicality that they
must offer.

That said, this does finally seem to be that revolutionary new technology in the
smartphone industry, and it'll be interesting to see how this transforms in the
coming years.

We're well into the modular smartphone era. We aren't very close to the ultimate
goal - a seamlessly and completely modular smartphone - but we've come far from
where we began.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

ET Launch Pad: Seven new must-have gadgets

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 642 words


Smartron t.phone

The first smartphone from Smartron is powered by a Snapdragon 810 processor and
runs Android 6.0. It has a 5.5-inch super amoled full HD display with Gorilla
Glass 3 and weighs just 149 grams. Hardware specifications include 4GB DDR4 RAM,
64GB storage and a 3,000mAh battery. Other features include Hybrid dual SIM
(second slot for microSD or nano SIM), USB Type-C port, 13MP rear camera with 4K
video recording, 4MP front camera, 4G and VoLTE. It is available for pre-booking
with deliveries expected in June 2016.

Mitashi 65" SMART TV

With a giant 65-inch, full HD panel, this new Smart TV from Mitashi runs Android
4.4 OS on a quad core processor with 4GB storage and 512MB RAM. You get 3 USB
ports, 3 HDMI out ports and built-in WiFi for connectivity. An air mouse remote
control (with a built in keyboard for text input) is included in the box. Other
features include screen mirroring, remote control via smartphone and access to
Google's Play Store.

Intex Cloud String HD

This is Intex's second sub Rs 7,000 smartphone with a fingerprint sensor. It
features a 5-inch HD display and comes with 4G and VoLTE support. Hardware
includes a 1.3Ghz quad core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage and a 2,200mAh
battery. You get an 8MP rear camera, 5MP front camera, dual SIM slots, a microSD
slot (up to 32GB cards supported), WiFi and Bluetooth. It will be available
exclusively on Flipkart

Coolpad Max

Coolpad has just launched the Max - its flagship phablet, in India. It has a
5.5-inch full HD display and it runs Android 5.1 with an octa core Snapdragon
617 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB storage and a 2,800mAh battery. There is a 13MP
primary camera, 5MP front camera, fingerprint sensor, dual SIM slot, microSD
slot for expansion and 4G connectivity. The phone boasts of a unique 'dual
spaces' feature that lets you have two distinct profiles on the device. This
means that you can have two Whatsapp numbers and two Facebook accounts signed in
on the same phone.

LG G5

Announced a few months back at the MWC (Mobile World Congress), LG's latest G
series flagship has finally made its way to India. The LG G5 is the company's
first modular phone: it has a removable base and comes with additional
accessories that offer enhanced functions. The G5 has a 5.3-inch IPS

display (2560 x 1440 pixels), weighs 159 grams and has a hybrid SIM slot (the
second slot accepts a microSD for expansion or nano SIM). It is powered by an
octa core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB RAM and 32GB internal
storage. There is a 2,800mAh battery with a claimed talk time of up to 20 hours.
Another highlight is dual rear cameras: 16MP + 8MP along with laser autofocus,
optical image stabilisation and 4k video recording. Other features include an
8MP front camera, USB Type-C port, 4G, WiFiac, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2, IR port, FM
radio and Android 6.0. You can pre-book it on Flipkart.

Alcatel Pop Star

Star is the latest addition to the Pop range of smartphones from Alcatel. It
features a 5-inch laminated display (1280 x 720 pixels) and a curved back panel
for better grip. Inside is a 1Ghz quad core processor, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage and
a 2,000mAh battery. You also get 8MP rear camera, 5MP front camera, dual SIM
slots, a microSD slot for expansion and 4G connectivity. It will be available
exclusively on Gadgets360.com

Asus Zenfone Max

Asus has announced an upgraded variant of the Zenfone Max which comes out of the
box with Android 6.0. The processor has been upgraded to Snapdragon 615 (vs 410)
and you can now get it in two variants: 2GB RAM/16GB storage or 3GB RAM/32GB
storage. Battery continues to be a giant 5,000mAh - just like the first
generation Zenfone Max. Other features remain unchanged: the 5.5-inch HD
display, 13MP rear camera with laser autofocus, 5MP front camera, microSD slot
for expansion and 4G support.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Samsung, LG switch strategies to take on smartphone rivals

LENGTH: 747 words


Caught between decreasing earnings and challenges posed by Chinese competitors,
Korea's tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics aim to create new
growth momentum with their upcoming flagship smartphones, the Galaxy S7 and G5,
respectively.

As announced by both firms in January, they will be unveiling their marquee
handsets, on Feb. 21, a day before the beginning of the Mobile World Congress
trade show in Barcelona from Feb. 22 to 25.

Shin Jong-kyun, the head of Samsung Electronics' IT and mobile communications
business, introduces the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge during the Mobile World Congress
trade show in Barcelona in March last year. (Yonhap)

It is rare for the launch dates of both companies to coincide and it proves how
desperate they are to stay ahead in the competitive smartphone market.

Samsung was able to maintain its position as the largest smartphone-maker in the
world last year by shipping 324.8 million smartphones, followed by Apple,
Huawei, and Lenovo, which shipped 231.5 million, 106.6 million and 77 million
phones, respectively, according to market research firm IDC.

Xiaomi, which is often mocked as an Apple copycat, took the fifth spot by
shipping 70.8 million phones last year.

LG, once considered as one of the top three players along with Samsung and
Apple, did not even make the top five, with its sales reportedly at 59.7 million
units.

"Usually the conversation in the smartphone market revolves around Samsung and
Apple, but Huawei's strong showing for both the (fourth) quarter and the year
(2015) shows how much it has grown as an international brand," said Melissa
Chau, a senior research manager from IDC. She also forecast that the Chinese
firm, which has been breaking into global markets in recent years, has gained
traction to solidify its position as the third largest smartphone manufacturer
in the world.

Although Samsung was able to retain the top position in unit sales, its
year-on-year growth rate in sales has significantly slowed, at 1 percent last
year. Meanwhile the growth rates of Chinese firms have surged, with double digit
growth rates boosted by growing footholds in emerging markets including India
and Southeast Asia.

With its annual revenue last year slipping to 200.3 trillion won from 206.2
trillion won, Samsung also tightened its belt. Its research and development
spending last year reportedly went down by 4.7 percent to 13.7 trillion won from
a year earlier. The last time Samsung's R&D spending had gone down was in 1999
when major conglomerates here were struggling from the aftermath of the Asian
financial crisis in 1997.

Ever since Samsung failed to lift the sagging performance of its mobile business
with the Galaxy S6 last year, the Korean tech firm has been working hard to beef
up its software segment. It aims to outdo its rivals by offering differentiated
smartphone features.

One of the tech behemoth's three flagship business units is its information
technology and mobile communications division. In a recent conference call,
Samsung revealed that it had divided the development team under this division
into two - software development and hardware development.

"Samsung knows that things are different now from the mid-2000s when they rolled
out 250 feature, or 2G, phones with diverse specifications in a year," a Samsung
insider said.

"The company rolls out only around 20 smartphones now and there is not much
difference in the specifications of flagship smartphones out in the market, so
it has to put more focus on software than hardware to outperform rivals," the
official added.

Mobile payment solution Samsung Pay and streaming service Milk are notable
examples of Samsung's software push.

Not to be outdone in the competition, LG is also trying to push the envelope.

The G5 is expected to get some design makeovers, such as a metal body, and to be
fitted with mobile payment solution LG Pay.

Yoon Boo-hyeon, a vice president of LG Electronics, told analysts in a
conference call that "it would be able to ramp up production for the G5 more
than preceding models."

A market analyst expects that Samsung and LG will be able to gain a bigger share
of the market from Apple, which is likely to launch the new version of its
iPhone later this year.

"As the iPhone 6 and 6S seem to have lost steam in recent months and its new
iPhone will likely only be unveiled in September as usual, Samsung and LG will
be able to eat into the market share of their California-based rival," he said.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

LG G5 smartphone to get add functions

LENGTH: 333 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 21 -- LG announced a modular smartphone that can gain extra
functions via add-on parts. Components are plugged in by pulling off the base of
the G5 phone and swapping it for an alternative unit.

Google is known to be working on a modular phone of its own, but the concept is
far from mainstream. One expert said the idea would help LG stand out from its
rivals, but added that it was too soon to know whether it would turn around the
firm's fortunes.

The firm also announced new virtual reality kit and a remote control robot at
its Mobile World Congress press conference in Barcelona.

In January, LG reported that its smartphone shipments had fallen by 2 per cent
in 2015 despite the market as a whole growing by about 10 per cent.

LG revealed two optional modules - which it calls "friends" - alongside the new
mobile handset.

One is a 32-bit digital to analogue converter (DAC) made by the audio specialist
Bang & Olufsen, which it says makes the phone capable of playing sounds at a
higher resolution - meaning music should be more detailed when heard via good
quality headphones or speakers.

The other module is a camera controller that the company says should make it
easier for owners to take pictures using only one hand. It features a dial for
zooming and a button to take photos among other controls, and also provides a
40% boost to battery life.

A spokesman for LG told the BBC its engineers were working on further modules,
and it hoped other third-party manufacturers would also add to the ecosystem.

Switching between modules involves pulling out the phone's battery and attaching
it to the new part. Although this makes the action more fiddly, it does have the
benefit that the battery can be easily replaced, unlike in many other handsets,
according to news agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

HTC to woo back India with six new smartphones; its HTC 10 to compete with LG
G5, Samsung S7

BYLINE: Hansa Verma

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


After a couple of slow quarters, HTC is trying to make a comeback of sorts in
the Indian market with six new smartphones, priced between Rs 13,990 and Rs
52,9990. While HTC has for some time been eyeing the mid-budget segment in
India, it seems to banking once again on its core, the high-end users. With HTC
10, the company admits, caters to users who don't mind spending on a unique
device - in other words, an expensive smartphone.

"Why do people buy a flagship phone? Simply because a flagship offers something
unique. I don't think they would mind paying that extra Rs 3,000 for a
beautiful, unique phone that comes with the latest technology, in terms of
camera, audio and more. That is the kind of consumers we are targeting with HTC
10 in India," reasoned Faisal Siddiqui, president, HTC South Asia. HTC 10, the
Taiwanese company's flagship model, is priced the same as the new LG G5 and will
compete with the likes of Samsung S7 series and the Apple iPhone 6s series.

However, the real comeback device for the company, which has not been in the
pink of financial health for the past year or so, seems to be its virtual
reality device. "We are looking to bring HTC Vive to India, in the next couple
of months. The problem is we are in a sell-out situation - so much so that we
can't even meet the demands in the US right now. It is selling for $799 in the
US, and the Indian price obviously will be different. We will decided the price
as we come closer to launching the headset in the country."

"I wouldn't really call HTC 10 the comeback device for the company, because we
were very much there. I, however, admit our portfolio has been a little weak in
the last eight-10 months. We had Rs 15,000 and below devices which were all 3G,
and the market changed very quickly to 4G so we were actually surprised. We went
back and quickly created devices, which are all 4G-ready. We will not create 3G
devices anymore."

Siddiqui says the six phones that HTC launched on Thursday are at different
price points and cater to different segments. All the phones look different, he
adds. "The HTC range has something or the other for every smartphone user in
India. We want to go with the entire range and don't leave any price point
vacant."

So, what sets HTC 10 apart from flagships like Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge
and LG G5? Siddiqui says the biggest innovation is the camera. "The company has
made huge strides on the camera front. Even the front camera in the phone comes
with an OIS, making it the world's first smartphone to offer it," Siddiqui says.
"In the past, our cameras have not been that great and that is why we have spent
a lot of time getting the camera right this time," he admits.

Audio, or the sound quality, of HTC phones has always been one of its strengths.
Siddiqui says they have carried this legacy forward with the HTC 10, bringing in
the ability to optimise frequencies of right and left ear separately.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics denies downsizing mobile division

LENGTH: 319 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics on June 16 dismissed a news report that the Korean
tech giant is preparing to reduce about 1,000 employees at its struggling mobile
business division.

"We are relocating some employees to other business divisions as disclosed in
May, but we are not considering any job cuts," an LG Electronics spokesperson
told The Investor, a brand new online business news site recently launched by
The Korea Herald.

"Some hundreds of workers have been relocated on a regular basis," he added,
saying related works are still ongoing and no specifics have been decided yet.

LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno

On the day, News 1, a local news agency, reported that LG's mobile business
division will be downsizing to improve profitability. Except premium lines such
as V and G series, some hundreds of budget phone lineups are expected to be
drastically reduced, the report said.

In May, LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno unveiled the reshuffle plan
in his emailed message to employees on June 13. He also made it clear that there
would be no restructuring against individual employees' wills.

"We need to change the way we work to move faster and lighter," Cho said.

"Other business divisions also need people from MC (mobilecommunications). We
will continue to reshuffle personnel."

The division has struggled from operating losses since the failure of its
flagship smartphone G4 last year. The company relocated 15 to 20 percent of its
total workforce.

In its first-quarter earnings report in April, the company said it could see a
turnaround in the second quarter when G5 shipment start to be reflected in
sales. In the quarter, the company posted an operating loss of 202.2 billion won
(US$173 million).

The company forecast it would sell 3 million units of the G5 phone in the second
quarter, but industry watchers are skeptical about the sales target.

By Lee Ji-yoon (jylee@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Carriers reduce handset prices before Galaxy S7, G5 launches

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 357 words


Telecom companies have cut down the prices of handsets to dispose of inventory
before new smartphones from Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are launched.

SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus said Thursday they have reduced the price of the
Nexus 5X, the latest Google reference smartphone manufactured by LG Electronics,
to 379,500 won ($327.27). The same model was priced at between 475,200 won and
508,200 won before the price cut.

Adding to the price cut, KT introduced on Tuesday a 330,000 won subsidy for
those who purchase the Nexus 5X with a data subscription plan priced 29,900 won
or higher per month. This is the maximum subsidy that is allowed under the
Telecom Act. With the extra subsidy following a subscription contract, customers
can buy a Nexus 5X, which was launched here just four months ago, without paying
for the device.

'The Nexus 5X is drawing a very favorable response in sales,' an official at KT
said. 'The handset is almost out of stock in several outlets but it is still
available as we work to secure our inventory level.'

SK Telecom and LG Uplus have set around 110,000 won in subsidies for the
subscribers of the monthly plan priced at a similar level.

The telecom companies have already cut the prices of the Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge,
as the popularity of the two models may drop once Samsung Electronics rolls out
the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.

The company plans to launch the S7 series on March 11 and LG Electronics will
roll out the G5 later this month or early next month.

All three mobile carriers have provided the maximum subsidies to the S6 Edge for
more than a month already.

They are also selling budget smartphones such as Samsung Electronics' Galaxy
Alpha, LG Electronics' Class and Huawei's Y6, almost for free. Expectations are
that the telecom companies may expand the price cuts to a wider range of
handsets aiming at reducing stocks before the launch of the new smartphones.

'Almost 20 smartphones will be available for free this month,' a telecom
industry source said. 'This will mean wider options with cheap prices for those
not seeking the latest smartphones with the best hardware specifications
possible.'

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

LG Electronics denies downsizing report

LENGTH: 317 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics dismissed Thursday a news report the Korean tech
giant is preparing to reduce about 1,000 employees at its struggling mobile
business division.

"We are relocating some employees to other business divisions as disclosed in
May, but we are not considering cutting any jobs," an LG Electronics
spokesperson told The Investor, a new online business news site recently
launched by The Korea Herald.

"Some hundreds of workers have been relocated on a regular basis," he added,
saying related works are still ongoing and no specifics have been decided yet.

On Thursday, News 1, a local news agency, reported that LG's mobile business
division would be downsizing to improve profitability. Apart from premium lines
such as the V and G series, some hundreds of budget phone lineups are expected
to be drastically reduced, the report said.

LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno

In May, LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno unveiled a reshuffle plan
in an emailed message to employees. He also made it clear that there would be no
restructuring against individual employees' wills.

"We need to change the way we work to move faster and lighter," the CEO said at
the time.

"Other business divisions also need people from MC (mobile communications). We
will continue to reshuffle personnel."

The division has struggled from operating losses since the failure of its
flagship smartphone G4 last year. The company relocated 15 to 20 percent of its
total workforce.

In its first-quarter earnings report in April, the company said it could see a
turnaround in the second quarter when G5 shipment starts to be reflected in
sales. In the quarter, the company posted an operating loss of 202.2 billion won
($173 million).

The company has forecast it will sell 3 million units of the G5 phone in the
second quarter, but industry watchers are skeptical about the sales target.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

LG mobile chief shrugs off impact of Samsung Galaxy Note 7 recall

LENGTH: 314 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics mobile chief Cho Juno shrugged off the impact of
its cross-town rival Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Note 7 recall on the sales of
the company's new big-screen phone V20.

"I'm not sure whether the Galaxy Note 7 recall is a boon for us or not. What's
important is how our product is recognized by consumers," he said at the phone's
launch event held in Seoul on Sept. 7.

LG Electronics mobile chief Cho Juno speaks at the V20 launch event held in
Seoul on Sept. 7. Lee Sang-sub/The Investor

The V series phablet debuted last year to comprise LG's premium smartphone
lineup together with the flagship G series.

The V20, the first smartphone to run on the latest Android OS Nougat, has
drastically upgraded audio and camera functions, the company said.

The phone, among other things, has a removable battery, a unique feature now
when most handset makers like Samsung and Apple are embedding non-removable
batteries into their flagship models.

"We had planned a bigger-screen smartphone with slim design. Considering a huge
battery drain while watching videos, we have decided to adopt a removable
battery," he said.

"But I don't think battery type is directly linked to safety."

Samsung recalled about 2.5 million Note phones globally due to faulty batteries
that caught fire while charging.

The latest LG smartphone comes after the dismal failure of the flagship G5, the
first modular smartphone. Especially, the company failed to meet demand in the
early days of the launch due to production constraints.

"For the V20, we poured resources to increase the yield rate. Unlike the G5 that
was launched globally, the V20 will be launched in some key markets for
big-screen phones such as the US, Korea and Hong Kong," he said.

He added the company had no immediate plan to launch the phone in China, the
world's largest smartphone market, citing supply issues.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                              June 3, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

More modular smartphones in store by 2017

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 409 words


There has been much talk of modular smartphones this spring, after LG released
its G5 handset and Google presented a near-final version of its Project Ara.
Modular smartphones differ from regular mobiles thanks to their "building block"
design, made up of various interchangeable modules containing different hardware
components. These can be switched quickly and easily to boost performance or
replace faulty parts.

The current wave of modular smartphones draws on a concept created by a Dutch
designer, Dave Hakkens, whose Phonebloks mobile is based on a set of small
modules (processor, hard disk, camera, etc.) that can be easily changed and
updated. Once assembled, they form a smartphone with varying levels of
performance and functionality, a bit like a desktop PC. As well as making
savings for users, a modular design can also help counter planned obsolescence
in smartphones.

This idea inspired Google's Advanced Technology and Projects group (ATAP), who
went on to develop Project Ara. Initially presented as a similar project to
Phonebloks, comprising almost as many modules as a smartphone has components,
the handset evolved, little by little, into a slightly less ambitious prototype
presented at the last Google I/O conference in Mountain View, California. It now
takes the form of a smartphone with just six interchangeable modules, including
a second display, a camera, memory, a speaker, etc. The screen, processor and
RAM are all grouped together in one core block that cannot be modified. A
developers' kit is due to be released in the fall ahead of a planned consumer
launch in 2017.

Another smartphone based on the same idea hails from Finland. However, the
PuzzlePhone hasn't been the focus of anywhere near as much media attention as
Google's concept. This modular mobile only has three interchangeable blocks: one
for the display, another for the battery and one main system block housing the
processor, memory and camera. It should go on sale before the end of 2016.

The only modular smartphone currently available to buy is the LG G5, unveiled at
the 2016 Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, back in February. This
handset has a slide-out bottom for changing the battery in just a few seconds.
As well as its removable battery, additional interchangeable elements can be
added to the phone, such as camera and audio modules. The LG G5 is out now
priced at around $650.

Check out Project Ara in this video: youtu.be/aWW5mQadZAY

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 24, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

LG To Say Goodbye For Modular Accessories For G6?

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 245  words


Doing so may result in losing customersa trust, especially those who bought G5
for love of modular accessories!

In a very unlikely decision, the South Korean company LG seems to have bid a
farewell to the modular accessories for its upcoming flagship smartphone, the
G6, which is expected to be launched in 2017. The decision comes with a fact
that the recently launched smartphone, G5's modular accessories couldn't enter
the hearts of its customers.

The reason may be simple - people may not be interested in such gimmicks and are
looking for best features inside a smartphone itself, rather than adding on
expensive accessories to them.

We all know that G5 has not actually been as successful as the company had
guessed it would be. And, this may be a sole responsibility of the modular
system that was not pretty much of a click-n-go type! Users had to, in-fact,
remove the smartphone's battery when ever they had to connect an accessory. This
in-fact forced users to restart their phone every time they had to plus in a
mod!

Having said this, a source also cites that the company is internally worried
from withdrawing the strategy within just a year since its implementation. With
modular accessories going off-route soon, the company may even lose its
customers' trust, especially those who bought the G5 simply because of the
modular accessories.

However, the report also claims to soon expect the exact outline of G6
smartphone, which may give us a better understanding.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

LG acknowledges sluggish G5 sales, confirms new V series of devices

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


NEW DELHI: LG has announced its financial results for Q2 2016. The company
shipped a total of 13.9 million smartphones in the second quarter, an increase
of 3% from the previous quarter. The mobile division also registered revenues of
$2.86 billion, a 12% increase over the first quarter, while declining over the
same period the year before.LG reported an operating loss of $132.10 million,
blaming "reflected increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial
sales of G5 smartphone." Read also: 20 difficult questions asked in Google
interviews To boost growth in smartphones, the company confirmed a new V series
of smartphones."The launch of the new V series and expanding sales of mass-tier
K and X series models are expected to improve the business unit's performance
next quarter," said LG in an official statement.The company recently launched
its dual-display smartphone - X Screen, at a price of Rs 12,990. The handset has
a 4.93-inch primary display and a secondary 'Always-on' screen measuring
1.76-inch, similar to the one in LG's V10 smartphone.The second screen can be
used to access frequently-used apps, answer calls without interrupting the
current activity on the main screen, check time, date and battery status, as
well as other notifications, without unlocking the smartphone.LG X Screen is
powered by a 1.2GHz quad-core processor coupled with 2GB RAM.

It has 16GB in-built storage and houses a 2,300mAh battery. Sporting a 13MP rear
camera and an 8MP front-facing snapper, the smartphone is available in Black,
White and Pink Gold colour options. LG X Screen runs Android 6.0 Marshmallow
operating system out-of-the-box.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

A GLIMPSE OF SMARTPHONES OF THE FUTURE IN LG'S G5

BYLINE: JOANNA STERN

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 36 words

ABSTRACT

Joanna Stern Style & Travel column assesses LG's newest flagship smartphone G5,
which offers glimpses of future of smartphones and of how phone makers are
focusing on reinvention and not just refinement; chart (M)

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs and Charts

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               February 27, 2016
                                 First Edition

GADGET SPY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 114 words


Samsung Gear 360 Meant to work with Samsung's virtual reality headsets, this
camera can take 360-degree videos ready for VR home movies.

LG G5 The first widely available modular phone, the G5's biggest feature is what
the company calls "Friends". The modules add extra powers, like new camera
features or high-definition sound.

LG Rolling Bot Somewhere between a strange toy and a sci-fi dream, the Rolling
Bot does exactly what it says on the tin. It can roll itself around your house,
keeping watch through a camera and controlling your TV.

Cat S60 Phone cameras mostly aim for the same thing nowadays: better, brighter
and bigger pictures. Cat aims to stand out by adding thermal imaging.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         Dumfries and Galloway Standard

                                 March 18, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

..... Space age fun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 43 words


LG Rolling Bot This LG Robot Bot is like StarWars' BB-8 droid cat toy for
grown-ups. This super ball is just one of many accessories designed with the LG
G5 in mind and it's easily the most exciting of the bunch. G5 turns into a
remote that can control the ball.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DGS


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 March 18, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Space age fun

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 43 words


LG Rolling Bot This LG Robot Bot is like StarWars' BB-8 droid cat toy for
grown-ups. This super ball is just one of many accessories designed with the LG
G5 in mind, and it's easily the most exciting of the bunch.G5 turns into a
remote that can control the ball.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STO


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               Stirling Observer

                                 March 16, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

..... Space age fun

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 44 words


LG Rolling Bot This LG Robot Bot is like StarWars' BB-8 droid cat toy for
grown-ups. This super ball is just one of many accessories designed with the LG
G5 in mind, and it's easily the most exciting of the bunch.G5 turns into a
remote that can control the ball.

.....

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STO


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Wishaw Press

                                 March 16, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Title rating .... Space age fun

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 43 words


LG Rolling Bot This LG Robot Bot is like StarWars' BB-8 droid cat toy for
grown-ups. This super ball is just one of many accessories designed with the LG
G5 in mind, and it's easily the most exciting of the bunch.G5 turns into a
remote that can control the ball.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIP


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

LG to unveil new budget smartphones at MWC -

LENGTH: 413 words


South Korea's No. 2 tech firm LG Electronics Inc. said Monday it will showcase a
new budget smartphone series at the Mobile World Congress that kicks off later
this month, in a bid to revitalize the ailing handset business.

The X series will come in two models -- the X Cam and X Screen -- each boasting
high-end features adopted on premium models. The tech fair will open Feb. 22 for
a four-day run in Barcelona, Spain.

LG said the X Cam will come with two cameras on the front, and another on the
back to provide specialized photo-related features. They boast resolutions of
13, 5 and 8 megapixels.

The X Cam smartphone will be "as light as two eggs" even with the three cameras,
weighing 118 grams. It is also designed to be held comfortably through a unique
design, with the sides being as thin as 5.2 millimeters.

The X Screen will come with the "second-screen" feature, which was also adopted
by the V10 smartphone introduced last year. It is slightly heavier than the X
Cam at 120 grams, according to LG Electronics.

LG boasted what it calls an "Always ON" feature through the model, which came
with a dual display, with the smaller one on top displaying core information,
such as battery status on a 24-hour basis.

The feature is also expected to be adopted by LG's upcoming flagship, the G5.The
X series will be available for sale in South Korea in March, and gradually
expand to the European, Latin American and other Asian markets.

They both come with built-in batteries, running on the Android Marshmallow 6.0
operating system. Users can also insert micro secure digital memory cards to
extend data capacities. Price details have not yet been revealed.

A day before the exhibition kicks off, LG Electronics will also showcase its
much-awaited flagship smartphone, the G5, starting another round of its battle
with Samsung Electronics Co. that plans to introduce the presumed Galaxy S7
hours later.

LG has been suffering from lackluster earnings at home and abroad as Samsung
Electronics has weighed down its domestic sales while Chinese firms also have
eaten into LG's global market share.

The firm's mobile business posted an operating loss of 43.8 billion won (US$36.2
million) in the fourth quarter last year, continuing to post weak returns amid
heightened competition. The segment posted an operating loss of 77.6 billion won
in the third quarter of 2015.

LG sold 59.7 million units of smartphones last year, rising slightly from the
59.1 million units posted in 2014. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics denies downsizing report

LENGTH: 321 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics dismissed Thursday a news report the Korean tech
giant is preparing to reduce about 1,000 employees at its struggling mobile
business division.

"We are relocating some employees to other business divisions as disclosed in
May, but we are not considering cutting any jobs," an LG Electronics
spokesperson told The Investor, a new online business news site recently
launched by The Korea Herald.

"Some hundreds of workers have been relocated on a regular basis," he added,
saying related works are still ongoing and no specifics have been decided yet.

On Thursday, News 1, a local news agency, reported that LG's mobile business
division would be downsizing to improve profitability. Apart from premium lines
such as the V and G series, some hundreds of budget phone lineups are expected
to be drastically reduced, the report said.

In May, LG Electronics CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno unveiled the reshuffle plan
in an emailed message to employees. He also made it clear that there would be no
restructuring against individual employees' wills.

"We need to change the way we work to move faster and lighter," the company's
CEO and mobile chief Cho Juno said in an email message to employees Monday.

"Other business divisions also need people from MC (mobile communications). We
will continue to reshuffle personnel."

The division has struggled from operating losses since the failure of its
flagship smartphone G4 last year. The company relocated 15 to 20 percent of its
total workforce.

In its first-quarter earnings report in April, the company said it could see a
turnaround in the second quarter when G5 shipment starts to be reflected in
sales. In the quarter, the company posted an operating loss of 202.2 billion won
($173 million).

The company has forecast it will sell 3 million units of the G5 phone in the
second quarter, but industry watchers are skeptical about the sales target.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              QWeekend (Brisbane)

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday
                                QWeekend Edition

TECHNOLOGY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 346 words


TOP GADGET

Huawei P9 $799 / consumer.huawei.com/au

If the camera is the most important feature in your phone, this new handset is a
pretty picture. Huawei has teamed with German camera maker Leica to create a
smartphone with dual 12-megapixel cameras that work as one to create remarkable
images. Not only does the two-camera setup create depth in photos, the P9's
camera app has an unprecedented number of camera settings, from wide-aperture
model to create stylish bokeh to a challenging full manual mode. The phone
itself is encased in smart buffed metal and is more premium than its price
suggests, though its rear fingerprint sensor and Google Android customisation
require adjustments.

TOP ACCESSORY LG Hi-Fi Plus $229 / lg.com.au

Updating your phone, piece by piece, is a fascinating idea and the missing
pieces of LG's cunning plan for its G5 smartphone are falling into stores now.
The Hi-Fi Plus, created with B&O Play, replaces the bottom of the G5 phone, and
adds a dedicated digital-to-analogue converter (DAC) and an amplifier. After
prising off the old phone base and battery, and installing this audio addition,
users can listen to 32-bit audio with greater clarity and control over its
stereo delivery - the difference is marked. It adds about a centimetre to the
bottom of the phone but, if you tire of it attached to your handset, you can use
an adaptor to plug it into your laptop.

TOP APP Pokemon Go Google Android/Apple iOS / freeNintendo's Pocket Monsters
never went away but they're back in a highly addictive way in this new app.
Pokemon Go is free to download and use, until you desperately need more Poke
Balls or "evolve" the monsters you've caught. And, unlike most apps, it
encourages you to walk around the streets to collect more Pokemon characters.
Real-world locations around you appear in the app's maps as Pokestops or Gyms
where you can battle other players, and you must walk there, letting your phone
track your location, to catch more Pokemon or interact with those you own. A
fascinating use of augmented reality and geo-tracking technology.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

LG takes on Apple with premium smartphones

BYLINE: By Kim Tae-gyu

LENGTH: 422 words


LG Electronics plans to unveil its premium smartphone V20 on Sept. 6 in San
Francisco, a day before Apple takes the wraps off its new iPhone in the same
city.

The Seoul-based company strives to gain some footing in the global smartphone
competition with the successor of the V10, which was quite a success in global
markets including the United States over the past year.

'The V20 is rich in features. It will be armed with a 32-bit quad
digital-to-analog converter designed for improved high-resolution music playback
for the first time ever. It will also be the first mobile device powered by
Android 7.0,' an LG official said.

'We also continued our partnership with Bang & Olufsen so that the V20 will have
best-in-class audio functions. On the back of such advantages, we are confident
that the new model will be a hit.'

The official refused to reveal other details about the V20 including its price.

Earlier this week, Apple sent official invitations to its introduction of the
iPhone 7, which is expected to be water-resistant, taking place in San
Francisco. The firm vies to retake its lost market share with the new gizmo. But
observers question whether the iPhone 7 has fancier applications and specs than
previous versions.

This is not the first time for LG to take a similar strategy - this February the
outfit disclosed the G5 on the same day that its cross-city rival Samsung
Electronics launched the Galaxy S7.

The outcome was not good because the G5 failed to make a dent in the industry
while the Galaxy S7 was a grand slam, greatly boosting Samsung's bottom line and
share price.

It remains to be seen whether LG will be able to make a difference this time
around, market watchers point out.

'Some may say that LG's unpacking day of the V20 is perilously close to that of
Apple's day. But what is important is not the date but the functionality of the
new device,' said a Seoul analyst who asked not to be named.

'LG seems to be quite convinced of the V20's success because its predecessor V10
did well in the U.S.'

When it debuted last September, the V10 sold 450,000 units in its first 45 days
in the U.S. alone, as the gadget attracted customers there on the strength of
its advanced video-audio capabilities and affordable price.

LG had been one of the top-tier players in the global handset market but it
lagged behind such stellar sellers as Samsung and Apple as it did not invest in
smartphones in the late 2000s.

The company is working to catch up with industry leaders but has not come up
with its own killer phone yet.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung's 7s ain't too bad

LENGTH: 746  words


The new Samsung Galaxy S7 duo has been announced, bringing to mind the Meatloaf
lyrics, "two out of three ain't bad". Some will remember I sent a letter to the
Korean electronics giant some time back, but the letter was returned to sender.
At first I was confused by this until I remembered that job titles are of high
importance to the Koreans and I had used the general term product manager
instead of what the exact title was, hence the return. Despite that I suspect
others had also contacted Samsung and provision for the SD card was returned,
along with the S5 waterproofing. There's still no replaceable battery but for
many that is not really an issue.

As for the past couple of releases, this is an incremental upgrade with a better
battery for models with a better screen and a faster CPU. The main memory has
been upgraded from 3 to 4GB. Another improvement is the camera. While it is
still rated at 12MP, each pixel is larger, which translates to brighter
pictures, better handling of low light resolution, faster focusing and a claimed
f-stop of 1.7, which is very good for a phone camera. The S7 still has a
5.1-inch screen with the Edge version coming with the larger 5.5-inch version.
No prices as of yet, but I expect they will be the same as the S6 variants were
at release.

The other new phone option to choose from is the latest LG G5 built with an
aluminium enclosure compared to the glass-backed Samsung. The screen size is
5.3-inches placing it right in between the S7 and S7 Edge for size. It is a tiny
bit thicker and heavier but not so you would notice. There is a fingerprint
sensor on the back so unlocking with one hand is easy. Screen resolution is the
same as the latest Samsung at 2,560 x 1,440, or what some call 4K. CPUs are
about the same and the G5 also supports a microSD slot. The LG does, however,
have a removable battery so a win there over the S7 range. The LG is not water
resistant so a point off there as there is no support for wireless charging. The
camera options are also different, with the LG having two lenses on the back:
one regular and one wide angle, so it's kind of a tie depending on what features
are important as a camera user.

The LG also has a modular accessories option to support a camera grip with an
extended battery, an audio converter and others to come, but these add to the
size and weight of the device. Like Samsung the LG has a VR headset in the works
but the Samsung one comes for free with early orders. All in all it is a bit of
a toss-up depending on what features you are looking for and how well everything
actually performs in the real world.

This week's malware story comes from Microsoft. In an interesting twist,
researchers from FireEye security convinced the Windows EMET program designed to
protect Windows to instead attack it. To be fair this only works on older
Windows versions, i.e. less than 10. Also this week on the Android front, it
turns out that about 2 billion apps, that would be data-stealing apps, have been
downloaded by users. About 12,000 apps in the Android Store have been identified
as containing a wide range of malware.

Ingress is a location-based game from Niantic, a subdivision of Google. Imagine
you have been playing the game since beta, been involved in various organised
activities and even bought something from the store. Now imagine being blocked
from playing, no warning, no reason given, and no meaningful response from the
help desk. Remind you of any other companies? A fruity organisation comes to
mind. Ingress and games like it are free to play but be wary of investing too
much time on it, and don't spend your hard earned cash, because there is always
the chance that you'll suddenly find yourself unable to play.

So where do you come down on the Apple vs iPhone FBI hack story? Huawei agrees
with Apple as do many others. The authorities disagree and want Apple to open up
or at least allow for unlimited password tries to support a brute force attack.
If I was living in today's US, then I would be very wary of giving the current
administration even more ability to peer into private data.

The antiterrorist in me wants any and all methods used to curtail the tide but
the cynic says don't trust them. The analysts say that the FBI has all the info
they need without the contents of the phone including cloud backups. The FBI
wants all the data and they are also using this as a test case. This will be an
interesting case to watch as it unfolds further.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

MEN'S STYLE What to buy now

BYLINE: ANISH PATEL

SECTION: ES MAGAZINE;FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 172 words


A bigger SPLASH The adrenaline-fuelled America's Cup sailing race is already
under way. In honour of its 35th birthday, sponsor Louis Vuitton has created a
capsule collection that sees nautical stripes splashed over bags and neoprene
jackets (left). Bremont, official timekeepers of the event, has created a range
of chronograph Regatta timepieces - set to make waves.

Regatta OTUSA watch, £4,995 (www.bremont.com) GOOD CALL Thanks to its
interchangeable design, the LG G5 can become an eight megapixel digital camera,
hi-fi player or virtual reality headset. Plus, its 5.2in LCD screen and
contoured aluminium body means it's arguably just a tiny bit better than the
www.iPhone.No, you hang up.

LG G5 phone, £550 (www.lg.com) zip it Take note of the blouson jacket, making a
return this summer. The zip-front, shirt-collared jacket is a classic - and
helps keep off the chill on summer evenings. Wear yours just like the macho film
heroes did back in the day, with a white T-shirt and slim-cut jeans to offset
its simple, boxy shape.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Adidas Originals jacket, £455 (www.adidas.com)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

LG's V20 launched in Korea -

LENGTH: 475 words


Models promote LG Electronics' new audio- and camera-focused handset, the V20.
The 5.7-inch high-end smartphone will be available to Korean customers Thursday,
with the firm expanding its sales abroad soon after./ Courtesy of LG
ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics' multimedia-focused smartphone, the V20, has hit shelves in
Korea, which the firm hopes will bring a major turnaround to its mobile
division.

The Korean electronics company said Wednesday that the new 5.7-inch handset will
be available to Korean customers beginning Thursday through the nation's three
mobile carriers - SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus.

The company has yet to specify when the V20 will hit overseas markets. But the
firm hopes to increase its market share in its key profitable markets - such as
Korea, the United States and Hong Kong - where demands for large-screen handsets
run higher than in other markets.

At its introduction last month, the company picked high-end audio and camera
functionality as the phone's key selling points.

'LG Electronics has put its core competency into the new handset to bring a
whole new mobile experience to customers,' LG Electronics' mobile chief Cho Juno
said in a statement.

'We are going to offer various promotional events in a bid to introduce
distinguishing multimedia functions of the V20.'

The new handset comes with a price tag of 899,800 won ($820.84) here. Customers
can enjoy optimum sound experiences through a Bang & Olufsen (B&O) earphone that
come bundled with the V20, said the company. LG Electronics added the device's
32-bit Hi-Fi quad digital-to-analog converter (DAC) as another distinguishing
feature, compared to its predecessor, the V10.

For Korean users, the company offers three colors - titanium, silver and pink -
which comes with 64 GB internal storage capacity.

In particular, the successor to the V10 gained attention at its introduction
last month, as it was the world's first handset to run on Google's latest
Android 7.0 Nougat operating system (OS).

Under the partnership with the mobile carriers here, LG will hold a special
'sound package' event until Oct. 31. The package offers a Blutooth headset,
speaker and a battery pack for only 5,000 won, according to LG.

In recent years, the mobile division of LG has suffered setbacks over the poor
sales of another flagship handset lineup, the G series. In particular, the firm
failed to draw positive market responses for the G5 unveiled earlier this year.

Hana Financial Investment analyst Kim Rok-ho said, 'The sluggish sales for the
G5 has brought a negative impact on the firm's profitability this year, but the
company still holds some 15 percent of the handset market share in North
America.'

Once the firm continues to maintain its profile there, chances are that its
mobile unit can rebound with the potential success of the new models, said the
analyst.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Headsets are virtually reality

BYLINE:  Mark Furler

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 568  words



HIGHLIGHT: Rolling bots, flash phones and 360-degree videos are coming to a home
like yours


IF you think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a virtual reality headset that is a lot slimmer and
lighter than Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for
photography that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can 'stitch' images
and video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

Other cool stuff we checked out

Sony's Xperia Ear: Is a small Bluetooth device that sits in your ear and syncs
to your smartphone. It will read the news and weather to you as well as SMS,
Facebook and WhatsApp messages while you are driving, walking or just at home.
It has 80 hours standby time, three hours talk time and a built in
accelerometer. It weighs just 6.8g. There is no price yet.

Xperia agent: A bot that comes with its own built-in projector that can beam
your own pictures, news, weather or traffic. It has a speaker microphone and
camera to allow video calls. It will also help control your home devices.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                        June 13, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Have Modular Phones Arrived? Lenovo Launches Modular Moto Z, Moto Z Force
Smartphones

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 826  words


First LG did with its flagship smartphone, LG G5, early this year and now Lenovo
has done it with Motorola smartphones. Everything started with Google's
initiative Ara to provide a customizable smartphone to its users who do not want
hard-coded specifications for their daily use.

At Lenovo Tech World 2016 in San Francisco, California, much awaited premium
Motorola Moto Z and Moto Z Force smartphones were announced. Although G5 has a
different structure to replace components in the phone, Moto Z and Z Force get
magnetic snap-on panels.

These attachable panels 'Moto Mods' can house a larger battery, JBL speakers,
projector capabilities and more. Naturally the back panels will make the phone
thicker, but at 5.2mm thickness, Moto Z is the thinnest premium phone in the
world right now.

Just like LeEco Le 2 and Le Max 2 smartphones launched recently, the two Moto
phones ditch the 3.5mm headphone jack for a USB Type-C port, which limits the
utility of the smartphone on the go.

Moto Z and Z Force specifications

Moto Z, the cheaper of the two variants, is much like an upgraded Moto X 2015

     ·    5.5-inch qHD AMOLED touch screen
     ·    Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4GB of RAM
     ·    Memory options of 32GB and 64GB will also be provided to users, and it
          is great that 16GB has been omitted from the range
     ·    External storage can be expanded using micro-SD cards of upto 2TB
     ·    13MP rear camera with optical image stabilization, laser autofocus and
          flash
     ·    The front features a 5MP camera with wide-angle lens and flash, a
          fingerprint scanner like the recently launched Moto G4
     ·    2600mAh battery, which Lenovo claims can give upto 30 hours of battery
          life, however the claim needs to be tested to confirm the real-time
          usage value
     ·    Comes with Android Marshmallow 6.0.1 out of the box and is nearly
          stock Android with minimal mods by Lenovo


Moto Z Force, just like the Moto X Force, comes with a shatter-proof display and
has the same specifications as its sibling above. It comes with a larger 3500mAh
battery which can last up to 40 hours on a single charge. The rear camera has
also been bumped up to 21MP and houses an additional phase detection autofocus
capability.

Both the smartphones have quick charging capabilities built-in and promise an 8
hour usage on a charge of just 15 minutes. Sadly, the phones do not have a 3.5mm
headphone jack for listening to music. You have to make do with a USB Type-C
port instead, which will make you prioritize charging your phone or plugging in
your headphones.

What is the fuss about Moto Mods?

Very frankly, Moto Mods are like extensions to your phone that will add another
dimension to your smartphone. For example, a snap-on JBL SoundBoost speaker back
panel will amplify your smartphone's sound and create a surreal experience for
you.

A Moto-Insta Share projector will project your smartphone's screen up to
70-inch, allowing you to enjoy your favourite videos, TV shows and music videos
in a bigger dimension. A power pack back panel can also be attached to juice up
the battery life by up to 22 hours.

Motorola will also provide a host of other panels to customize and change the
look of your smartphone. Interesting idea to start with, but can the size of the
panels be decreased to accommodate more than one at the same time? Perhaps
watching an HD movie with JBL SoundBoost speakers to create a cinema theatre
like experience?

Mind you, this is just the start and we hope to see this technology quickly
shaping to how users would like their smartphones to be. 2 years back no one had
thought of such attachments, and I am sure two years from now we'll be able to
assemble and dismantle smartphones like Ikea furniture.

Is 3.5mm headphone jack going to be dead by next year?

Smartphones are getting thinner and thinner every year, which accommodating more
than they did the previous year. Size zero is in and technology in general is
becoming more compact.

Now there are some things that have not changed since the time smartphones were
introduced, including batteries and 3.5mm port. Once a smartphones becomes
thinner at 5mm, some components like the headphone port have to removed so as to
adjust other larger and more important components like a bigger battery,
stronger processor and a more efficient GPU.

We have also heard reports of Apple planning to remove the headphone jack
altogether, which makes us wonder if the 3.5mm port is actually going to be
extinct by next year. Smartphone manufacturers are trying to collate multiple
features in one component to reduce the bulkiness of the phone and make it as
modular as possible.

I honestly do not support the decision of doing away with the 3.5mm port unless
an accessory is provided by the handset maker that satiates my need to use both
a charging cable and an earphone at the same time.

The Z and Z Force smartphones look very promising and Lenovo has also confirmed
that the X series is not dead yet, so we can expect these phones to be priced
upwards of Rs. 35,000 in India.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 21, 2016

How Photography Moved From Studios to Selfies

BYLINE: Laju Iren

LENGTH: 311 words


Less than two decades ago, taking pictures required a lot of preparations.
Children would be excited and mothers finicky about going to the studio to have
their photos taken. Needless to say, things are different today. Now, in the
smartphone era, most people have cameras on them at all times.

The prevalence to cameras has been instrumental in the rise of social media and
has also helped enhance as well as streamlined the spread of information. There
is an increasing common tendency for people to automatically catalogue their
lives. Today's front-facing cameras can capture images in higher resolution than
the back-facing cameras of phones from previous generation.

For example, the LG G5's 8MP front-facing camera is many times more powerful
than what was available on the G2 just 3 years ago. The G5 from LG Electronics
is a masterpiece perfectly equipped with technology to capture lovely moments
that will far outlive the moment. With its 360 degree camera that captures image
from virtually all angles makes it possible to have a clear view of interesting
moments. The era of social media has taken over the digital space with life feel
events from all works of life.

As social media platforms become more and more similar to traditional television
stations, the gap between content creators and consumers continues to narrow.
Consumers have never been more thrilled than now to watch the content they want,
leave comments and even create content of their own. The urge to use mobile
video has been lucrative for social networks, yet offers enough room for
expansion. Other ways for smartphone cameras to interact with home appliances
will undoubtedly emerge in the near future, and the potential uses for the
technology are only limited by our imagination. The line between the real and
the virtual worlds is becoming blurred and will soon disappear completely.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

LG G5 and Samsung Galaxy S7 up for head-to-head presentation at MWC 2016?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 370 words


The 2016 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held February 22-25 in Barcelona (Spain),
could see two of this year's most hotly anticipated smartphones unveiled almost
simultaneously, as rival South Korean manufacturers LG and Samsung go head to
head to present replacements for the G4 and Galaxy S6.

Although LG hasn't yet confirmed whether the G4's replacement will be called the
G5, the firm's new flagship handset is set to be officially unveiled at
Barcelona's MWC, stealing some of the limelight from key competitor, Samsung. At
the end of 2015, a credible set of specs for LG's new handset leaked on Reddit,
pointing to a smaller screen than the G4 (5.3" rather than 5.5"), but with the
same resolution (2560 x 1440 pixels) and 640ppi pixel density.

The phone is expected to run a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor and 3GB of RAM.
It could stand out from competitors in the high-end market with twin rear-facing
cameras, (15.9MP and 8.3MP), accompanying a front-facing 8MP camera. Still,
these details haven't been confirmed by LG.

According to several leaks spotted on the Chinese social network Weibo, picked
up by international media, the upcoming Samsung "Galaxy S7" (official name TBC)
could come with a 4K display -- like the Sony Xperia Z5 -- and a whole load of
previously unseen components.

Following suit with the Galaxy S6, Samsung's new flagship handset is expected to
land in several versions with varying specs and performances. The top-end model
-- a premium handset initially earmarked for Asian markets -- could come with a
4K display (3,840 x 2,160 pixels), a brand new quad-core processor and a
twin-sensor camera module developed by Sony.

The standard Galaxy S7 for worldwide release is expected to get a QHD (2,560 x
1,440 pixels) display and a quad-core Exynos sensor. Plus, it may still come
with twin cameras.

LG is hoping to catch plenty of attention at this year's MWC, stepping into the
spotlight in 2016 and upping its game in the mobile market. The firm is hoping
to go up against the likes of Samsung, Apple, Huawei, Lenovo/Motorola and
Xiaomi, for a place among the world's top five mobile manufacturers.

Mobile World Congress 2016 runs February 22-25 in Barcelona. Website:
mobileworldcongress.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                          The Business Times Singapore

Creative WebCam in motion

                           September 12, 2005 Monday


CREATIVE has released the WebCam Live! Motion - its first Webcam which is
capable of following the movements of the user during video instant messaging.
The webcam features a 76-degree wide-angle lens and a motorised Pan-n-Tilt
feature which allows the camera lens to move and follow the user. A motion
detection feature enables the webcam to record any movement near it and send an
email to the user. Featuring USB 2.0 connectivity, the webcam is also able to
capture images at a resolution of 640x480. The Creative WebCam Live! Motion is
available now at $269. asia.creative.com has the details.

New SUSE Linux out soon NOVELL

has announced the release of Novell SUSE Linux 10.0 in early October. The latest
version of its Novell SUSE Linux operating system will also be the first version
which includes code changes and bug fixes initiated by Linux developers around
the world through its openSUSE project. It will also include migration tools to
help simplify the migration process for Microsoft Windows users, and a full
suite of desktop applications including OpenOffice.org 2.0, which is compatible
with Microsoft Office files. Novell SUSE Linux 10.0 will retail for US$59.95.
Visit www.novell.com to find out more.

New MFPs from Fuji Xerox

FUJI Xerox Printers has released two new multi-function printers (MFPs) - the
WorkCentre 220 and 222. Priced at $559 for the WorkCentre 220 and $899 for the
WorkCentre 222, the new printers are targeted at home offices and SMEs. They
feature a print speed of 20 pages per minute, and colour scanning capabilities
of up to 2400x600 dots per inch. In addition to the features found on the
WorkCentre 220, the WorkCentre 222 has fax capabilities. Visit
www.fxprinters.com.sg to find out more.

Improved InFocus display

DISPLAY specialist InFocus has released enhanced versions of its 40-inch LCD
display - the InFocus TD40a. The upgrades include true 16:9 format video
display, clearer wide XGA resolution display with computers, a faster response
time, higher contrast, less pixilation and fewer on-screen artifacts - which
ultimately results in improved picture quality. The TD40a retails for $6,499.
Find out more at www.infocus.com.

Logitech's three laser mice

GAMERS are spoilt for choice when it comes to choosing a mouse, especially with
Logitech's launch of three new G-series mice. The G1 Optical Mouse is a basic
wired gaming mouse designed for both left and right-handed users. The G5 Laser
Mouse features its Gaming Grade Laser, which enables faster and more precise
mouse movements. Sporting a resolution of between 400 to 2,000 dots per inch,
the G5 also comes with 16 different weights which can be attached to the mouse
to allow users to customise the feel of it. The G7 Cordless Laser Mouse offers
the same performance as the G5 but without the wires and comes with two
rechargeable batteries. The G1 costs $59, the G5 $129 and the G7 $169. Click to
www.logitech.com for details.

Motorola rocks on

MOTOROLA has announced the Motorola ROKR E1, the world's first mobile phone
featuring Apple's iTunes mobile music player. The ROKR E1, which bears a
striking resemblance to Motorola's earlier E398 mobile phone, will sync with
Apple's iTunes software on the PC or Mac, allowing up to 50 songs to be
transferred onto the phone. The US version of the phone allows up to 100 songs
to up transferred onto the phone - the difference according to Motorola, is due
to different licensing arrangements. Other features of the ROKR E1 include 3D
stereo sound, an integrated VGA camera, Bluetooth connectivity and a TransFlash
memory card expansion slot. The ROKR E1 is expected to be available by the end
of the month. No pricing details have been announced. Rock on to
www.hellomoto.com.

Take these speakers along

SHIRO, a subsidiary of SGX-listed Aztech Systems, has released three new models
of portable speakers designed for use with portable music and video players. The
top-of-the-line SP100 is a compact 250g package which can be hooked up to two
audio devices and has a USB connector which can be used to charge rechargeable
MP3 players. The SP101 sports a folding design in a lighter 200g package, while
the SP102 is its base model which sports a slim design. Priced at $49 for the
SP100, $39 for the SP101 and $29 for the SP102 the speakers are available from
Sept 15. Check them out at www.shirocorp.com.

Clearer, sharper LG display

LG Electronics has released its latest plasma display, the LG 50PX4R, which
features its new XD Engine which enhances the picture and contrast of the
images. The 50-inch display also features a new film filter, which reduces light
distortion and glare compared to traditional glass filters used in other
displays. The LG 50PX4R comes with a swivel stand and is priced at $7,599. Also
available is a 42-inch model, the LG 42PX5R, which is priced at $5,499. Visit
www.lge.com for details.

Microsoft's laser mouse

MICROSOFT Singapore has released its first wired laser mouse, the Microsoft
Laser Mouse 6000, targeted at computer gaming enthusiasts. The new mouse
features a laser technology which allows for increased accuracy in movement,
especially important to gamers. Additional software features include 'Precision
Booster', which enables users to toggle between ultrafast speed and precision
control, and 'Gaming Toggle', which lets users switch between weapons at the
touch of a button. The mouse will be available from Oct 14, at an estimated
retail price of $74.90. Compiled by ROLAND LIM

SECTION: itwnew

LENGTH: 928 words

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              284 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

MWC: Samsung Galaxy S7 edges Twitter count

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 269 words


The two new Galaxy S7 handsets from Samsung were the most-tweeted about Mobile
World Congress topics during the annual tech conference's 2016 edition.

The Mobile World Congress has increasingly become a destination for technology
manufacturers of all kinds, but at the eighth MWC in Barcelona, February 22-25,
it was the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge that won out with Twitter users,
according to trend tracking firm Hotwire.

The pair of handsets were unveiled at the 2016 MWC as expected and accrued
35,360 tweets between them.

Very close behind was LG's latest high-spec handset, the modular G5.

Dropping down into the low 20,000s was the Sony Xperia line.

Though the Xperia X was on display, the name was also applied to four concept
designs: the Agent (a voice-controlled AI assistant), Ear (a voice-controlled
earbud), Projector (a projector that turns its target surfaces into ad-hoc
touchscreen displays) and Eye (a camera).

Also causing a buzz at MWC was the Internet of Things, Virtual Reality and 5G
data connections.

Samsung also unveiled a 360 degree camera as part of its Gear range, and
Microsoft brought new Windows 10 devices.

And though Samsung's one-two combination of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge ruled
Hotwire's individual topical tweets chart, LG was the most-tweeted about brand,
ahead of Samsung's 40,873 tweets with a total of 44,482 messages.

Top 10 most-tweeted MWC 2016 topics
1. Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge - 35,360
2. LG G5 - 34,496
3. Xperia - 22,409
4. Zuckerberg - 16,074
5. IoT - 14,487
6. VR (Virtual Reality) - 13,941
7. 5G - 12,650
8. 360 - 10,885
9. Windows - 9,162
10. Tablet - 8,661
Data supplied by Hotwire

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

LG scaling down handset business

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 714 words


Company seeks profitability by reducing fixed costs

LG Electronics is scaling down its handset business as it prioritizes
profitability over external growth.

In a quarterly report recently filed by LG Electronics to the Korea Exchange
(KRX), the number of employees working in LG's mobile business by the end of the
first quarter was 7,321.

This was a cut of more than 10 percent compared to last year when the division
had 8,049. On a quarterly basis, the number was cut by 139.

'LG Electronics should be quick and remain adaptive with greater flexibility in
its management of human resources,' the company's mobile chief Cho Juno told
employees via e-mail recently.

LG Electronics said a steady decrease of employees at its handset business
'doesn't necessarily mean' that the LG Group affiliate has plans for massive
restructuring of its workforce.

'The latest measure is part of the company's moves to save fixed costs amid
growing market uncertainty,' LG said.

With the rapid rise of Chinese companies that have been selling smartphones with
improved features, LG Electronics' global position in handsets is being
questioned.

Although LG has a solid brand image with its handsets receiving a positive
response from fans mainly due to strengths in display quality and camera
technology, LG maintains a limited foothold in the U.S. and some European
countries instead of China.

Officials said the continued struggle is mostly due to the company's reluctance
to launch heavy promotional campaigns in China, the world's top handset market,
and even in its target markets.

LG Electronics fared well in its first quarter performance, but its handset
business again disappointed the market with an operating loss of 7 percent and
sales down 12 percent, year-on-year.

Handset losses were up in the first quarter due to lower shipments and increased
advanced marketing expenses for the G5. North America made up as much as 52
percent of its total handset sales, LG said.

It is expected that LG's handset business will face continued pressure as only 3
million G5s have been sold since the device's availability in late March.

The LG report said it expects a 2.7 percent global share for the first quarter,
down from 4.3 percent in 2014.

'LG Electronics' fundamentals continue to look challenging. We would not chase
any potential excitement around G5 sell-through. To the downside, the most
significant risk is also in smartphone success and poor sell-through,
particularly, a lack of high-end success will disappoint investors,' said
Bernstein Research in its recent notes.

Relocation

LG hopes to offset the late recovery of its handset business by investing more
in the vehicle component-related business, which LG Group has identified as the
group's next cash cow.

The number of staff in this division was 4,057 at the end of the first quarter,
up from 1,649 a year earlier, according to the company.

Cho said in the e-mail that his division will continue sending mobile personnel
to other divisions such as vehicle components.

'This is because other LG units want to work with seasoned mobile personnel,' he
said. 'Therefore, efforts to relocate employees will be accelerated.'

Unlike Samsung, LG Electronics relies more on the volatile business-to-consumer
(B2C) business as most of the firm's profits come from the sale of home
appliances, televisions and handsets, the segments that Chinese firms are
clearly dominating with their price advantage.

The company is using clients secured by LG Display and LG Chem to boost its
profile in the car-infotainment business and dashboards amid an emergence of
connected vehicles.

'LG Electronics is in a transitional period,' Cho said in the e-mail.

But the company still needs more time to se tangible results from the relocation
of its mobile personnel to other units, according to analysts.

Its vehicle component division has recently been generating much excitement, but
for the first quarter remained 'tiny' in terms of sales and even more
loss-making in terms of profitability.

'A meaningful contribution from the General Motors (GM) deal should not kick in
before the end of 2017,' said the research firm. 'High growth in the car
infotainment business is what drove sales up 55 percent year-on-year, but the
first quarter sales for the division remained low.'

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Gadgets galore at world congress

BYLINE:  MARK FURLER

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 477  words



HIGHLIGHT: Tech giants showcase what's new


IF you think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a VR headset which is a lot slimmer and lighter than
Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for photography
that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can "~stitch' images
and video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

Mark Furler travelled to Mobile World Congress as a guest of Samsung Australia

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Gadget review: HTC 10 smartphone a welcome return to form

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 587  words


John Everington

The HTC 10 is a welcome return to form for the beleaguered Taiwanese smartphone
pioneer after the relative disappointment of last year's M9.

It sports a beautiful display, a long overdue design overhaul and superb audio.
And while it's up against some stiff competition from the likes of Samsung and
LG, it does enough to appeal to those of us with fond memories of HTC classics
like the M8.

With the 10, HTC has finally ditched the stylish but dated design of the One
series, swapping the machined metal trim for an all-glass front with chamfered
edges, with a single bezel that doubles as a speedy fingerprint reader.

It's not up there with the Galaxy S7 Edge in terms of design (at the moment,
nothing is) but at long last HTC has produced a handset with the sort of design
a flagship device needs and deserves.

Also upgraded is the 5.2-inch Super LCD5 display, which eschews the
retina-searing Amoled colour palette of its Samsung rivals in favour of a more
naturalistic palette akin to the LG G5. Regardless of what you prefer, the
trailer for Batman v Superman looks great, with warm colours and sharp
contrasts.

Camera-wise, the HTC 10 sports a 12-UltraPixel rear- facing camera and f/1.8
lens. Translated into English, that means it takes pictures that have fine
colour saturation and an impressive level of detail, even in lowlight
conditions. For selfie lovers, there's a pretty standard 5MP front-facing
camera.

Also of note is the HTC's much trumpeted BoomSound audio system. While the 10's
external speakers are nothing to write home about, listening to music via
headphones was noticeably better than on my iPhone, with a brighter, more
rounded audio experience that has to be heard to be believed.

Retailing for Dh2,399 the HTC 10 faces tough competition from the Samsung's
Galaxy S7 range and the LG G5, which still have the edge in terms of design and
camera. That being said, HTC's latest is a serious contender once again - its
design, screen and audio in particular making it worthy of serious
consideration.

q&a handset can save the day

John Everington expands on what the HTC 10 smartphone has to offer:

So is this the handset to reverse HTC's fortunes?

That's what HTC must be praying for. Earlier this month, the company announced a
US$148 million loss for the first quarter and a really quite worrying 64 per
cent drop in revenues. So there's a lot riding on the 10 and the HTC Vive, the
company's virtual reality headset.

So what else is noteworthy about the HTC 10?

HTC describe it as being "mercilessly engineered", which either signifies
questionable labour practices or, more likely, an overenthusiastic marketing
division. Aside from the lovely chamfered edges there are some nice touches,
such as the ridged power button on the right-hand side and the
fingerprint-reader bezel with no moving parts. The headphone socket is on the
top edge, which takes a little getting used to.

That's all very nice. How "merciless" is the battery?

The HTC 10 comes with a 3,000 mAh battery (chargeable via USB-C), the same size
as the Galaxy S7, while a little bigger than the LG G5 but smaller than the S7
Edge. Battery life is solid if not spectacular. Put through its paces with a
healthy dollop of video and audio streaming and 20 minutes of gaming, it just
about lasts to the end of the day.

And the colours ... ?

It comes in "Carbon" Gray, "Topaz" Gold and "Glacier" Silver. It is not
available in Rose Gold, Pink Gold, or any other imaginative way of describing
the colour pink.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                      Fraser Coast Chronicle (Queensland)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Hi-tech's game of phones;
On your marks, handset, go ... and 92,000 came to watch the challenge

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 468  words


By MARK FURLER

in Barcelona

IF YOU think your house is already swimming with mobile devices, you ain't seen
nothing yet.

Tech giants Samsung, LG, Huawei, Sony, Microsoft, Intel, Qualcomm and more have
unveiled a mind-boggling array of new gadgets at Mobile World Congress in
Barcelona.

The event is the mobile phone industry's biggest gathering with more than 95,000
people checking out new products and prototypes from more than 2000 exhibitors.

LG arguably stole the show with its super bright "it's time to play" display.

The Korean giant launched its new G5 phone with a removable battery and super
wide 135-degree camera.

But it's the line-up of accessories that go with it that has everyone talking.

They're called Friends and apparently the more you have, the happier you will
be. You even have a Friends Manager app on your phone to quickly connect and
control them all.

Top of the range is the Rolling Bot, a ball-shaped drone that can take photos
and video, chase your cat, tease it with a red laser on the floor, or remotely
control your TV and audio equipment.

It hooks up to your wireless network at home and can be controlled via your G5
from anywhere you have a connection.

The built-in camera can shoot 1080p video or 8-megapixel stills and it comes
with 512MB of RAM, and a bundled 16GB microSD card. It is expected to sell for
about $US500 later this year.

LG's range also includes a VR headset which is a lot slimmer and lighter than
Samsung's Gear VR. There's also a new attachment to your phone for photography
that includes easier controls and extra battery life.

LG also unveiled a 360-degree camera and plug-in module developed by Bang &
Olufsen to deliver high-end 32 bit DAC sound to your phone via a headset or your
home stereo.

But when it comes to phones, Samsung's spectacular Galaxy S7 and S7 edge will be
hard to beat in 2016.

The S7 features one of the best cameras ever released with extreme low light
capabilities and super quick focus.

The new Galaxy edge has a stunning curved display, better battery life, water
and dust resistance and the return of the microSD card. More on the S7 on our
website.

Samsung too has its own clever little ball which is designed to capture 360
degree vision from two 180 degree cameras shooting images of up to 15
megapixels.

Its video capability is just shy of 4k quality.

What makes the Gear 360 particularly clever is the way you can stitch images and
video from the two cameras together on your Samsung smartphone.

You can even share it straight to a Gear Virtual Reality headset or to others
via 360 capabilities in Facebook and YouTube.

Samsung and Facebook see 2016 being the year of an explosion in virtual reality
devices and 360-degree videos.

Those who order the S7 in the next couple of months will be given a Gear VR
headset worth more than $150.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFC


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Samsung, LG improve smartphone cameras, turn to virtual reality

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 639 words


South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG unveiled Sunday new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first 360
degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is gathered
for the start of the Mobile World Congress on Monday, in its latest attempt to
remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

"User generated 360 degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360 degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset -- this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang & Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to compete
with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

- Focus on accessories -

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung, LG improve smartphone cameras, turn to virtual reality

LENGTH: 604  words


South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG unveiled Sunday new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first 360
degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is gathered
for the start of the Mobile World Congress on Monday, in its latest attempt to
remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

User generated 360 degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360 degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content, said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset -- this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products.

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and Samsung
is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in terms of
virtual reality, he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang  and  Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

Focus on accessories

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle, whether
it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of generating
additional profits, said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology analyst at IHS
Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation, said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

New flagship phones embrace virtual reality

SECTION: SCITECH

LENGTH: 596 words


South Korean tech giants Samsung and LG unveiled new smartphones with better
cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest in their headsets at a
time of slowing sales. Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone - the
flat-screen Galaxy S7 and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge - with cameras that
can take better pictures under low-light conditions. The company, the world's
number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first 360- degree camera - the
Gear 360 - in Barcelona, where the mobile industry has gathered for the start of
the Mobile World Congress, in its latest attempt to remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets, which went on sale in November.
"User-generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset - this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products." Facebook founder and CEO
Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the Samsung press conference to
announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to promote the use of virtual
reality on the social network. "We want to make Facebook the best video platform
for virtual reality and Samsung is the only company in the world that can
provide a good experience in terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset - the G5, its first modular smartphone, which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced, such
as a removable battery. The G5 comes with several accessories, such as a sound
system developed by Danish firm Bang & Olufsen, and a virtual reality headset
which will allow it to compete with the Gear VR headset launched by Samsung last
year. The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to
slow as it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's profits halved last year on the back of a global economic slowdown and
increased competition in the mobile sector, while Samsung was only able to boost
its market share moderately. Apple, which will not be present at the congress in
Barcelona, saw iPhone sales fall for the first time on an annual basis in the
final quarter of last year, according to Gartner. The market research firm said
that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales in the final quarter of last
year over the same period in 2014 takes the industry all the way back to 2008,
when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology. Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice.
Focus on the low-price segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become
thin, or focus on features which can differentiate their phones. "We are moving
towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better camera or more
autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but there will
unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 9:58 AM GMT

LG unveils first smartphone to come with Android 7 Nougat;
South Korean firm launches top-end smartphone looking to capitalise on rival
Samsung's trouble with exploding Galaxy Note 7s

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 382 words


LG has unveiled the first new smartphone, the V20, to come with Google's latest
version of Android 7 Nougat.

The South Korean firm, which was responsible for manufacturing last year's Nexus
5X for Google and the recent modular G5, hopes that shipping with Nougat onboard
will be enough to tempt buyers away from Samsung's high-profile Galaxy Note 7.
The Samsung phablet runs last year's Android 6 Marshmallow and recalls have been
prompted by exploding batteries.

The new top-end Android smartphone comes with a standard 5.7in quad HD LCD
screen on the front, but also has a smaller always-on "ticker" display just
above it alongside the front-facing camera.

Always-on displays have become popular, with most high-end smartphones,
including those from Samsung, Motorola and Google, offering features that
constantly show or slowly flash notifications and the time on the main screen.
LG introduced the second-screen on last year's V10.

"The V20 was built with storytellers in mind; the visual generation," LG mobile
communications director Frank Lee said at the unveiling in San Francisco. "It
was designed to celebrate the idea of unmissable moments."

The phone comes with two cameras on the back, one standard 16 megapixel camera
and one wide-angle 8 megapixel camera, which are similar to that fitted to the
company's G5 smartphone. The V20 has Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of
RAM and 64GB of storage, similar to competitors.

But it is the removable battery and a microSD card slot that put the V20 among
the handful of top-end smartphones with swappable batteries - a highly desirable
feature for power users.

Whether the two-screen, two-camera, removable battery and " utilitarian
appearance " are enough to sway buyers and revitalise LG's falling mobile sales
remains to be seen.

"I don't think this will set the world on fire," said the Current Analysis
research director Avi Greengart. "That said, if you are looking for a large
phone right now, and a name brand, this could be an option."

The V20's release comes on the eve of Apple's unveiling of its next iPhone,
which is widely speculated to come with two cameras on the back, similar to LG
and Huawei's recent smartphones.


     ·    Android 7.0 Nougat review: longer battery life and faster operation
     ·    Android 7.0 Nougat: 11 tips and tricks


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung begins refunding Note 7 owners in South Korea

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Oct. 13 -- Samsung Electronics on Thursday began its refund and exchange
programme for Galaxy Note 7 owners in South Korea after it discontinued
production of the faulty smartphone.


 Note 7 owners were recommended to take their phones back to the store where
they purchased the defective smartphones, Xinhua news agency reported.
 South Korean consumers can opt to get a full refund or exchange Note 7s with
other devices, including Apple's iPhone 7 or LG Electronics' G5 and V20, or
Samsung's Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Galaxy Note 5.
 Samsung said in a statement that it will provide 100,000 won ($89) in gifts,
including a 30,000-won coupon and a 70,000-won assistance for phone charges, if
Note 7 owners replace their phones with Samsung products.
 The 30,000-won coupon would be given to all Note 7 buyers even if they exchange
their phones with other products such as iPhone 7 or the LG G5.
 If Note 7 owners want to receive the full 100,000-won gift from Samsung, they
are required to replace the phones with Samsung products until November 30.
 The refund and exchange programme will continue by the end of this year. The
programme will differ by country.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Samsung begins refunding Note 7 owners in South Korea

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Oct. 13 -- Samsung Electronics on Thursday began its refund and exchange
programme for Galaxy Note 7 owners in South Korea after it discontinued
production of the faulty smartphone.


 Note 7 owners were recommended to take their phones back to the store where
they purchased the defective smartphones, Xinhua news agency reported.
 South Korean consumers can opt to get a full refund or exchange Note 7s with
other devices, including Apple's iPhone 7 or LG Electronics' G5 and V20, or
Samsung's Galaxy S7, S7 Edge and Galaxy Note 5.
 Samsung said in a statement that it will provide 100,000 won ($89) in gifts,
including a 30,000-won coupon and a 70,000-won assistance for phone charges, if
Note 7 owners replace their phones with Samsung products.
 The 30,000-won coupon would be given to all Note 7 buyers even if they exchange
their phones with other products such as iPhone 7 or the LG G5.
 If Note 7 owners want to receive the full 100,000-won gift from Samsung, they
are required to replace the phones with Samsung products until November 30.
 The refund and exchange programme will continue by the end of this year. The
programme will differ by country.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Gadget fix;
Take-off with a fixed-wing drone, break the mould with a toy printer, square up
to a cube projector, and meet a small streaming device that's making a mighty
noise

SECTION: SUNDAY;FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 513 words


DRONE HOME

quadcopters, it comes with a range of assisted flight modes that will enable
novice pilots to take-off, land and fly home with ease. A lightweight body and
large 2700mAh battery ensures a maximum flight time in excess of 45 minutes
while the 14-megapixel built in nose camera and stabilisers enable smooth
high-definition streaming and first person view flying. Users can download
Parrot's app to programme flight paths and detach the wings for transporting
home when done. (EURO)tbc, parrot Parrot Disco French company Parrot, maker of
remote-controlled quadcopters, is billing its 80kph Disco as a fixed-wing drone
for dummies.

The Disco comes with a range of assisted flight modes that will enable novice
pilots to takeoff, land and fly home with ease. A lightweight body and large
2,700mAh battery ensures 45 minutes flight time, while the built-in 14-megapixel
nose camera and stabilisers enable smooth high-definition streaming and first
person view flying. Price to be confirmed, www.parrot.com

HIGH FIVE

LG G5 smartphone

LG's G5 was one of the few innovators at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.
It comes with the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, a quad HD display,
wide-angle camera, and cleverest of all, a slide-out battery so you can carry a
spare. It's on sale here in March but is likely to cost over (EURO)600, www.lg.
com

MOBILE MOVIES RIF6

Cube projector Pocket projectors are rapidly growing in popularity but few can
match the Cube for cuteness. Measuring twoinches squared and weighing just 136g,
it is designed to turn the fiveinch display of a smartphone into a giant
120-inch cinema projection. The device has a resolution of 854x480. It connects
to a smartphone or tablet via an HDMI or MHL cable or comes with a slot for a
micro SD card. There is a 90-minute rechargeable battery and a built-in speaker
for audio, but channelling sound through an amplifier is recommended for true
cinematic experiences. (EURO)272, www.rif6.com

TINY DANCER

Mighty music player This recently-launched Kickstarter allows users to play
their Spotify music on the go without a smartphone. Aimed at people who want to
exercise to music but don't want to have to drag their fragile phone to the gym,
the device looks like a iPad Shuffle. Users download an app on their phone and
sync the Mighty to their computer via Bluetooth or wi-fi to store up to 48hours
of offline Spotify tunes. Compatible with Android and iOS devices, the device is
shock and sweat resistant and weighs just 17g. The Mighty, which is due to ship
in November, has physical controls and can be used with wired or wireless
headphones. (EURO)71, www.kickstarter.com

ONE-STOP TOY SHOP

Mattel ThingMaker Mattel's family-friendly ThingMaker allows youngsters to
design their own action figures. A hazard of 3D printers is the heat they give
off, but the ThingMaker comes with an automated door lock that stops little
hands reaching inside when it is in use. Children can design toys on a tablet
and export their finished creations to the printer. Due out in the autumn.
(EURO)272, www.mattel.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung and LG announce new smartphones, turn to virtual reality facebook ceo
mark zuckerberg makes surprise appearance to announce tie-up with samsung

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 612 words


Agence France-Presse

BARCELONA

South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG on Sunday unveiled new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

First 360-degree camera

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress yesterday, in its latest
attempt to remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

"User generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, looking at
this content with a VR headset has the most impact, this is undoubtedly going to
drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

Focus on accessories

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang and Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7-per-cent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung and LG announce new smartphones, turn to virtual reality facebook ceo
mark zuckerberg makes surprise appearance to announce tie-up with samsung

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 612 words


Agence France-Presse

BARCELONA

South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG on Sunday unveiled new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

First 360-degree camera

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress yesterday, in its latest
attempt to remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

"User generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, looking at
this content with a VR headset has the most impact, this is undoubtedly going to
drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

Focus on accessories

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang and Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7-per-cent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung and LG announce new smartphones, turn to virtual reality facebook ceo
mark zuckerberg makes surprise appearance to announce tie-up with samsung

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 612 words


Agence France-Presse

BARCELONA

South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG on Sunday unveiled new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

First 360-degree camera

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress yesterday, in its latest
attempt to remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

"User generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, looking at
this content with a VR headset has the most impact, this is undoubtedly going to
drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

Focus on accessories

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang and Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7-per-cent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung and LG announce new smartphones, turn to virtual reality facebook ceo
mark zuckerberg makes surprise appearance to announce tie-up with samsung

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 612 words


Agence France-Presse

BARCELONA

South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG on Sunday unveiled new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.

Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

First 360-degree camera

The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is
gathered for the start of the Mobile World Congress yesterday, in its latest
attempt to remain ahead of Apple.

The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.

"User generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, looking at
this content with a VR headset has the most impact, this is undoubtedly going to
drive sales of these products."

Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.

Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.

Focus on accessories

The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang and Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to
compete with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.

The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.

LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.

Apple, which will not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales
fall for the first time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year,
according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7-per-cent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.

"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.

Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.

"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

For LG G6, OLED is not an option but a must

LENGTH: 652 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics and its display-making sister firm LG Display are
struggling to elevate the low yield rate of organic light-emitting diode panels
that will be used for the Korean tech giant's next flagship smartphone,
tentatively called LG G6.

According to industry sources, the two firms are still gauging the new phone's
OLED adoption that industry watchers consider a must, rather than an option, for
LG to remain a potent player in the crowded premium smartphone market.

"Even its Chinese rivals will be rolling out new phones equipped with curved
OLED screens next year. LG will make all-out efforts to adopt its own," said Yi
Choong-hoon, chief analyst at UBI Research, a local research firm specialized on
OLED.

LG Electronics mobile chief Cho Juno poses with the company's latest flagship G5
modular smartphone at the launch event held in February.

LG says it is too soon to say about the G6 that is expected to be unveiled early
next year. But related rumors are already piling up, especially on its possible
OLED screen.

Currently, Samsung Electronics, the world's largest smartphone maker, uses OLED
for almost 70 percent of its smartphones, including the flagship Galaxy S series
and some lower-end models. With the planned adoption by Apple partially from
next year, Chinese handset makers are also rushing to adopt OLED that is
considered more flexible and energy efficient compared to conventional
liquid-crystal displays.

Despite its leadership in OLED TVs, LG Display is a tiny player in the
smartphone OLED market where Samsung Display boasts a whopping 97 percent market
share. And the OLED adoption by LG phones has also been delayed.

LG Display, which has been supplying LCDs to LG, Apple and some Chinese handset
makers, operates two OLED production lines in Paju, Gyeonggi Province, and Gumi,
North Gyeongsang Province, respectively.

The Paju plant is focusing on orders from Apple. With some panels being supplied
to Apple Watch 2, the company is beefing up production to supply OLED to the
next iPhones possibly from 2018.

While Samsung has recently inked an exclusive deal with Apple to supply an
annual 100 million OLED panels from the second quarter of next year for three
years, LG hopes to be named a secondary supplier but its yield rate has yet to
meet the iPhone maker's strict criteria.

"LG has more than a year to prepare for Apple orders. But for the G6, it will be
forced to make a strategic decision between OLED and yield losses," an industry
source said on condition of anonymity.

OLED panels for LG phones and other Chinese clients are expected to be produced
at the newer Gumi plant. An OLED production system from Canon Tokki, a key
equipment for OLED production whose supply is extremely limited, has recently
been installed at the plant.

"Following the recent equipment installation, the plant will be able to start
production from early next year. However, the yield rate remains an issue," the
source said. He predicted the full-fledged operations will start from later next
year after another unit of the system is installed in the coming months.

The G6 comes at a crucial juncture for LG that has been struggling from sluggish
sales of its more lucrative high-end smartphones, including the latest G5, the
world's first modular smartphone that comes with accessory modules to upgrade
camera and audio functions.

It is unclear whether the G6 will succeed the modular concept. If LG fails to
adopt OLED finally, industry watchers say there would be not many options for it
to differentiate itself from rivals equipped with OLED in the market.

With its third-quarter earnings report scheduled to be released on Oct. 7, IBK
Investment and Securities predicted the company's operating profit in the
July-September period will plunge 63 percent to 218 billion won (US$200 million)
compared to a year ago, citing the money-losing mobile business division.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Reality check for phone makers;
Technology

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 783  words


Barcelona | At an event held at the International Convention Centre in Barcelona
last Sunday night, Samsung created what it said was the largest virtual reality
happening in history, handing out thousands of virtual reality headsets and
asking everyone to don them at the same time.

The event, part of the Mobile World Congress, was to launch Samsung's latest
flagship phone, the Galaxy S7. Customers quick to pre-order the phone were told
they would get the same virtual reality headset, known as a Gear VR, free of
charge.

That same weekend, the low-cost mobile phone maker Alcatel announced that its
latest phone, the Idol 4, would come encased in a virtual reality headset as
part of its packaging.

HTC, another phone maker, announced pricing and availability for its highly
anticipated virtual reality headset, the HTC Vive. And LG announced a virtual
reality headset known as the LG 360 VR, which will be a companion device for its
new G5 flagship phone.

At the Samsung happening, Mark Zuckerberg, the co-founder and CEO of Facebook,
snuck on to the stage while everyone was distracted by the alternate reality in
their VR headsets and said that he expected 360-degree video, which you need a
virtual reality headset to watch, would become the dominant way people will
share videos on Facebook in years to come.

You could be forgiven for thinking that the mobile telecommunications industry's
biggest trade show was all about virtual reality this year. But in actual
reality, it was not.

With Apple commanding almost all of the profits in the mobile phone industry -
analysts at Canaccord Genuity estimate that Apple accounted for 91 per cent of
reported profit in the phone industry last year, despite selling only 17.2 per
cent of phones - this year's Mobile World Congress was all about turning the
public's attention away from just mobile phones and towards the growing
ecosystem of products and services that surround a mobile phone, where the rest
of the phone industry hopes it can start making money.

Virtual reality is an easy-to-sell, low-cost part of the ecosystem (most VR
headsets that work with mobile phones are little more than two lenses in a
case), but it's far from the whole story.

LG, which like most Android phone makers has struggled to find an audience for
its phones, launched its 360 VR headset as just part of a new ecosystem play it
called "Friends". Other LG Friends include a phone-controlled robot, the Rolling
Bot, and an attachment for phones that makes it easier to control drones.

So keen is LG on building a profitable ecosystem around its phones that it even
made the G5 modular, with a bottom end that snaps off to accommodate other
Friends such as a camera grip and an audio amplifier made by Bang & Olufsen.

Sony, which has a virtual reality headset for its PlayStation games console,
announced an even more drastic pivot for its struggling mobile phone business.
Rather than just build devices around the mobile phone, it's hoping to overcome
the lack of profitability in the sector by not just modularising the phone, but
deconstructing the notion of the phone and devolving its functions back into a
new ecosystem of products.

At the show, Sony announced a suite of new devices, starting with the Xperia Ear
but eventually going on to include the Xperia Eye, the Xperia Projector and the
Xperia Agent, which are designed to literally take the focus off the smartphone.

Rather than having to look at the screen of a phone to get the weather, for
instance, consumers wearing Sony's Xperia Ear, an earpiece designed to be worn
all day, will be told the weather forecast automatically by a voice in their
ear. The first generation of Sony's devices will need to be paired with a mobile
phone in order to retrieve information such as weather forecasts and incoming
messages, but Sony officials told AFR Weekend that later versions will probably
have their own connection direct to the internet, avoiding the need for a phone
altogether for certain functions we now think of as smartphone functions.

That part of Sony's plan could take years to execute, however, because it's
likely it would need new, so-called 5G phone networks, which are designed to
work with a multitude of low-cost, low-power devices, not just smartphones.

Telstra said it would trial a 5G phone network at the Commonwealth Games on the
Gold Coast in 2018. Although, of course, if the efforts to take the spotlight
away from the smartphone are successful, we won't think of it as a phone network
by then. It will be a network for all manner of things.

The smartphone, if it still exists as we now know it, will just be one of them.

John Davidson attended Mobile World Congress as a guest of Samsung.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FIVE PHOTOS: Clockwise from top: Alcatel's Idol 4 comes with a VR
headset as its case; LG's Rolling Bot is controlled by a phone and can play with
your pets remotely; Samsung's Gear 360 camera is part of Samsung's phone
ecosystem; Huawei's MateBook with Dock.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

It's mobile showtime!;
Star Tech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 346 words


IF you're addicted to your smartphone there's a major event ahead.

Mobile World Congress opens in Barcelona this weekend with some of the biggest
names in tech set to unveil their shiny new handsets.

StarTech will be packing our bags and heading to Spain to bring you all the news
and goss but, for now, here's everything you need to know about what's to come.

SAMSUNG

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.

WHEN: Sunday, February 21. Samsung's Galaxy S6 and S6 edge were, without doubt,
the best smartphones of 2015. Now the Korean giant is expected to unveil two
all-new Galaxies.

They are rumoured to be faster, more powerful and feature improved cameras and
the welcome return of expandable storage.

SONY

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: New wearables.

WHEN: Monday, February 22. Sony has recently updated its smartphone range so
we're not expecting to see a new flagship phone. But there's a chance they may
update their budget range and it's been a while since Sony launched a new
smartwatch. We could also see a revamp of its fitness trackers with a new range
of its popular SmartBands.

HTC

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: HTC Vive.

WHEN: Monday, February 22.

If you're an HTC fan you might be disappointed. The Taiwanese firm isn't likely
to unveil its new M10 flagship phone until the spring but there is still plenty
of excitement as they will be showing their latest updates to the Vive VR
headset.

APPLE

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: N/A

WHEN: N/A Apple doesn't attend Mobile World Congress so don't expect any iPhone
news but we reckon its next big event will be unveiling a new iPhone and iPad
next month.

LG

WHAT IT'S LAUNCHING: LG G5 WHEN: Sunday, February 21.

StarTech wasn't a big fan of LG's last flagship phone.

Although the G4 had a good screen and camera, its plastic design and average
battery life were major disappointments.

Now LG looks set to return to its former smartphone glory with the launch of the
G5. There's plenty to be excited about with rumours suggesting an all-metal
design, always-on display, a new smart case and quick access to the battery. It
may also feature new camera technology.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     November 5, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Top 10 Consumer Tech Stories Of The Week - Oct 28 to Nov 4

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 775  words


Here's the roundup of the Top 10 Stories of the week...

We have witnessed a lot of rumours, launches, and reports this week along with a
couple of interesting stuffs that happened in the technology world.

This week, Apple was awarded a patent for its bendable iPhone concept, Apple
iPhone 6 got a price cut, Zebronics launched a mechanical keyboard which is
entirely different - much like back-to-pavilion from Chiklet to retro mechanical
style, ZTE and Samsung announced Android flip phones, Gameloft launched Asphalt
Xtreme for free, and OnePlus 4 has been tipped to launch in 2017.

Also, this week, speculations surfaced over the Internet regarding the Samsung
Galaxy S8's bezel-less display and LG G8's iris scanner. We also listed out top
television sets under INR 30,000.

While a top 10 listicle would definitely not be enough to sum up this week,
here's our try as we put in 10 best stories we have covered this week in
consumer technology.

Apple iPhone 6 Gets A Price Cut; Now It Costs Just INR 33,990

In just over a few weeks since the launch of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
in India, Flipkart is now offering a pretty interesting discount on the price
tag of Apple iPhone 6. Users can now purchase an iPhone 6 at a price of INR
33,990 instead of the INR 36,990 price tag, thereby giving a discount of INR
3,000 to the new buyers.

Would You Like To See A Bendable iPhone In Future?

Apple has been finally awarded the new patent that was filed back in Aug 28.
However, Patently Apple seems to have claimed that the news did not become
public during the filing process as Apple had applied for the patent under an
Engineer's name, so as to keep the whole patent process under the wraps.

Samsung Galaxy S8 May Come With A Bezel-Less Display

We all know that Samsung is trying its hard luck to once again impress its
customers who lost their loyalty to the company due to the in-famous Galaxy Note
7. But, how far the company is planning to go with its upcoming Galaxy S8 to put
the fire set by Galaxy Note 7 off - this is something we still do not know.

LG G6 May Sport An Iris Scanner

Recently, reports started surfacing over the Internet hinting the drop out of
the modular design in LG's upcoming flagship smartphone, G6, which is expected
to be launched next year. The reports also claimed that the fall of the
company's current flagship smartphone, G5 and its modular accessories due to a
fact that users had to remove the battery to add in modules, was a reason for
the company to take this step.

LG's Flagship Smartphone V20 Will Be Priced At Rs 49,990

Announced in September, the LG V20 is rolling out in global markets. After the
G5's lacklustre reception, LG clearly wants to take on the Galaxy S7 and iPhone
7 with its new phone. In fact, the Korean company is all set to launch its
latest flagship in India. According to gadgets.ndtv.com, the V20 will be pegged
at Rs 49,990.

Apple Mistakes Its Customer For Saddam Hussain's Keen

Sharakat Hussain, a cab driver in Britain bought the iPhone 7 for his sister
last month. Since she did not want the iPhone, Hussain returned the phone and
requested a refund. However, this simple process turned into a mess when an
Apple employee asked Hussain to confirm that he is not related to the deceased
Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussain.

Apple iPhone 6 Gets A Price Cut; Now It Costs Just INR 33,990

South Korean smartphone giant Samsung has recently launched a new dual-display
Android flip phone, dubbed as the W2017, which is currently available only in
China. The smartphone is said to be the successor to W2016 that was launched
last year.

Will OnePlus 4 Be Launched In 2017?

It's been two years since OnePlus launched its first budget flagship smartphone,
the OnePlus One. Now, the company has brought in 2 more flagships already, and
reports say that a new variant of its latest flagship, OnePlus 3 is in the works
too. But, what about the Chinese company's next flagship device?

Xiaomi Unveils The Mi Air Purifier Pro In China

With pollution and electric waste taking toll on the environment, Air Purifiers
are on the brink of becoming a necessity. Little wonder then, the Chinese brand
is quite serious about this appliance space. Improving upon its Mi Air Purifier
2, Xiaomi has unveiled the Mi Air Purifier Pro.

Lenovo Wants You To Design Its Next MotoMod

LG has given up on its modular accessories meant for its flagship smartphone G5.
However, Motorola is still trying hard to make its MotoMods work. In a latest
initiative, the Lenovo's subsidiary is encouraging fans to submit the ideas for
MotoMods. If your idea is really interesting, there is a good chance that it
will be financed through Indiegogo.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

HTC 10: Review; At Rs 52,000, this flagship will take on S7 edge, LG G5, iPhone
6s

BYLINE: Shruti Dhapola

LENGTH: 677  words


A premium smartphone is not easy to do, and it's even harder to win in this
price-band. The reigning smartphone vendors for the last two years have been
Apple and Samsung. And unlike Samsung's wide portfolio, Apple is all about
premium phones.

For users who are willing to pay above $500 or R40,000+ for a smartphone,
there's now a standard set of expectations: exceptional camera, a great-design,
battery that lasts all day, and yes performance and consistency that few can
match. There are very few players that can tick all the right boxes, especially
that last bit and maybe even give you something extra. HTC, which used to be one
of the top smartphone players in the world, seems to be refocusing on the
premium segment where it had some grip earlier. The latest flagship is HTC 10,
which on paper ticks all the right boxes that a premium phone should. At
R52,990, HTC makes its clear: This flagship will take on S7 edge, LG G5 and the
Apple iPhone 6s. But will HTC 10 be the company's saviour? Here's our review.

What is good?

Design in a premium smartphone matters and as I have pointed out HTC 10 delivers
on this front. What helps the HTC 10 is the

5.2-inch 2K display, which is quite bright and crisp. You should not have any
trouble using this one in bright sunlight either. HTC also gone for a cleaner
UI, which is closer to stock Android. Personally, I was never fond of HTC Sense
UI, and this pared down version works better for me. All those extra apps are
now gone.

BlinkFeed is still accessible when you swipe right on the screen and you can
customise the content you want to receive there. However, Android M features
like Permissions, Google Now on Tap, etc are easily accessible, and it's good to
see HTC has not decided to hide them somewhere else. Google Photos is the
default Gallery app on this one.

The overall performance of the phone is smooth and flawless. In my tests, HTC 10
came in the top ten in Antutu Benchmarks scoring 132082, putting it just below
S7 edge, iPhone 6s, and above the G5. In GeekBench it scored 4953 in multi-core
comparison. Benchmarks aside, the HTC 10 doesn't stutter or lag and can handle
pretty much anything you throw at it.

Camera is where HTC 10 really shines, because this one delivers some stunning
shots. Low-light shots or whether you are out shooting during the day, HTC 10's
camera is top-notch. It is fast, there's no shutter lag and really delivers on
the promise of what a premium smartphone's camera should offer.

HTC 10's battery is another strong suit of this phone and should last 10-12
hours with heavy to moderate usage. At one particular event, HTC 10 was down to
15% with 4G on and I still used it to tweet, take pictures till the battery was
at 4%.

HTC's BoomSound technology makes audio on this phone quite an experience. I
listen to a lot of music on my phone, pretty much all the time and often I tend
to put the volume quite high, which is not really ideal. With HTC 10, I felt I
could keep the volume levels at minimal and it still sounds loud enough. On the
4G, connectivity front I faced no issues either.

What is not so good?

The major problem I had with HTC 10 was over-heating. It got really warm,
especially when I was using the camera outside, and that resulted in the battery
draining faster. At one point it was too hot to hold or even put inside my jeans
pocket. HTC might have pared down HTC Sense, but this one still requires you to
download Google Keyboard. The native Sangam IME keyboard was quite a pain to use
and didn't do much for my accuracy.

Verdict

We know HTC is struggling in the premium smartphone market. It wants to regain
the lost space, and HTC 10 is as good a bet as any to do that. But I felt what's
missing was that extra factor to give this phone the edge, to justify the
R50,000 plus price tag. HTC 10 doesn't disappoint on any crucial aspect. But the
problem for HTC is there are other options in the market, offering a similar
experience that comes very close.

For HTC 10 the challenge is not convincing users it is a great phone, the
challenge is the pricing.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday
                              CourierMail Edition

The gains in Spain

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 619  words


Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson takes a look into her crystal headset to see what the
future holds

With more than 100,000 attendees, 2200 exhibitors, and at least one
multi-billionaire, Mobile World Congress lived up to its name as the world's
largest mobile conference this year.

The Barcelona event that takes over eight halls and two venues sets the agenda
for mobile technology in the coming year, and Switched On was there to take
notes.

Below is a guide to three big trends in smartphones, mobile networks, and even
gaming gadgets.

OLD FEATURES NEW AGAIN Smartphones continue to evolve but some well-loved
features have been cut. Many of those are coming back this year, some in
response to feedback and others as an anchor to new systems.

The world's biggest smartphone maker, Samsung, showed it had been listening when
it unveiled the features of its upcoming Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge, due out in
March.

While its predecessor ditched a water-resistant body and expandable memory in
its transition to a metal and glass form, those features will return.

Samsung Australia mobile vice-president Prasad Gokhale says the S7 handsets will
feature enhanced water resistance, at IP68 up from IP67, and users can add a
memory card into the phones' hybrid SIM card slot.

"We absolutely were not happy with letting go of those two features," Mr Gokhale
says.

Similarly, LG will bring back the removable battery in its forthcoming phone,
the LG G5, expected in April.

LG Electronics Australia mobile general manager Gino Casha says the new phone's
battery could be removed simply by pushing a switch and pulling it out of the
base of the handset.

Users could replace a flat battery with a fully charged one using this system,
or attach one of several G5 accessories.

"We didn't want to come out with a formulaic device," Mr Casha says. "Anyone can
do that." SMARTER ACCESSORIES Expect a lot more from smartphone accessories this
year, including cameras, home security devices, and virtual reality headsets.

In addition to giving away its Gear VR headset with the Australian S7 pre-orders
this year, Samsung will release a Gear 360 camera for use with its latest
phones. The golf ball-shaped device is equipped with two 15-megapixel cameras to
capture everything around it in two images, which can be stitched together in a
connected smartphone.

The results can be viewed as you move your head while wearing a Gear VR headset,
or on Facebook or YouTube in a move Gokhale says "democratises virtual reality".

LG will also launch a VR camera, the stick-shaped 360 Cam, as well as its own
headset, the 360 VR, that it says is one-third as light as some of its
competitors.

Sony will also focus on intelligent accessories, revealing the Xperia Ear that
will read updates from your phone, and even announce navigation instructions.
However, its Australian release is yet to be confirmed.

Alcatel will also offer a smart accessory in an unlikely form - the box of its
Idol 4S phone will transform into a VR headset for watching immersive videos.

5G FUTURE It might be four years away and currently without a standard, but 5G
was the talk of most carriers at the Mobile World Congress. Telstra revealed it
planned to test 5G technology at the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games in 2018,
though networks group managing director Mike Wright could not say what that
would entail.

"By then, we'll be starting to get to a world where we're starting to understand
the way the radio signal will be carried," he says, adding the company may use
prototypes to test the network's speed.

A 5G network could deliver data at speeds up to 20 gigabits per second, letting
users download 4K movies in seconds.Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson travelled to
Barcelona as a guest of Samsung

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                January 3, 2016

Tech Alert: Phones to get excited about in 2016

LENGTH: 400  words


It has been another top-notch year for the smartphone industry but, as is always
the way, the next 12 months are set to be even better. We will see new flagships
from Apple, Samsung and Sony, and it will be make-orbreak time for HTC,
Blackberry and maybe others, too.



1. Samsung Galaxy S7 and family

The Samsung Galaxy S7 is very likely to be announced at a media event in
Barcelona the day before Mobile World Congress (MWC). This is 21 February and it
will be a year after Samsung revealed the S6 for the first time. The handset is
likely to retain a similar design to the Galaxy S6 and feature an improved
battery but beyond this, little is known. What we do know - or, what has been
rumoured by some reliable sources - is Samsung will use the event to announce a
whole family of Galaxy S7 phones. There will be the regular, flatscreened S7,
the curved Galaxy S7 Edge, then the larger S7+ and S7 Edge+.

2. Apple iPhone 7

Another certainty for 2016 is the iPhone 7. Apple's "tick-tock" update cycle,
where the number updates every two years, followed by an S model in between will
likely continue, giving us the iPhone 7 in early September. Apple will likely
stick with the same 4.7in screen size for the new model - and the same 5.5in
display for the iPhone 7 Plus - but other aesthetic details will change.

3. Sony Xperia Z6 and family

There will likely be another family outing for Sony in 2016. This will come
either at MWC in February, or at IFA, in Berlin, in September. After it released
two new flagships each year in 2013 and 2014, it might finally be time for the
company to slow down. A family of new Xperia Z6 phones would include the regular
Z6, a smaller Z6 Compact and a larger Z6 Premium.

4. LG G5

Another annual tradition in the smartphone calendar is the new flagship by LG.
Expected to be called the LG G5, we predict it to arrive around May, a year
after the G4. LG usually hosts its own show for the flagship, but waning sales
and a failure to match the popularity of Samsung and Apple could see it opt for
an announcement at MWC instead, if the phone is ready in time.

5. HTC One M10

HTC left us wanting so much more when the M8 was upgraded to the M9. The
original phone's excellent design remained almost unchanged but there just were
not enough new features to get excited about. HTC is strapped for cash and needs
to pull out all the stops with the M10 if it is to survive much longer.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Android Nougat to come with improved data saving options

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Majority of smartphone users have limited mobile data plans, which is
probably the reason why the 'Data Saver' included in Android is quite popular.
And if the latest leaks are to be believed, it's going to get a lot better with
the latest Android release - Nougat . Android's Data Saver option enables users
to set up warning and halt limits, making it easy to manage mobile data
allowances. It also lets users provide unrestricted data access to certain apps.

If that's not intelligent enough, Android Nougat will make Data Saver even
smarter. According to a report by Android Central website, Data Saver option in
Android 7.0 Nougat will enable unrestricted network access to apps, for users
with unlimited data plans. That said, it will also restrain the internet access
to the apps in a limited data plan. These changes were indicated in the
ConnectivityManager API in Android Nougat's SDK. The new data saving features
will also work even if users are travelling abroad and buy prepaid local sim
cards. The amount of data used by background processes will also be managed by
the improved Data Saver option. Slowly, smartphone manufacturers have started
rolling out beta programmes for Android N. Recently, LG started the rollout of
the Android N preview programme for users of its G5 smartphone users. The
programme is currently available only in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will
enable users to experience Android 7.0 Nougat early.The preview programme will
be only available to 2000 testers, who have applied for it on a first-come,
first-served basis, starting August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app
from Google Play Store and follow mentioned steps to download the preview
release of Android Nougat through the companion desktop application.
Participants of the preview programme will be able to offer feedback and report
bugs, so that the same can be removed from the final release when it's seeded to
all customers. LG will also announce the stable Nougat rollout for G5 users once
it is ready.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Android Nougat to come with improved data saving options

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Majority of smartphone users have limited mobile data plans, which is
probably the reason why the 'Data Saver' included in Android is quite popular.
And if the latest leaks are to be believed, it's going to get a lot better with
the latest Android release - Nougat . Android's Data Saver option enables users
to set up warning and halt limits, making it easy to manage mobile data
allowances. It also lets users provide unrestricted data access to certain apps.

If that's not intelligent enough, Android Nougat will make Data Saver even
smarter. According to a report by Android Central website, Data Saver option in
Android 7.0 Nougat will enable unrestricted network access to apps, for users
with unlimited data plans. That said, it will also restrain the internet access
to the apps in a limited data plan. These changes were indicated in the
ConnectivityManager API in Android Nougat's SDK. The new data saving features
will also work even if users are travelling abroad and buy prepaid local sim
cards. The amount of data used by background processes will also be managed by
the improved Data Saver option. Slowly, smartphone manufacturers have started
rolling out beta programmes for Android N. Recently, LG started the rollout of
the Android N preview programme for users of its G5 smartphone users. The
programme is currently available only in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will
enable users to experience Android 7.0 Nougat early.The preview programme will
be only available to 2000 testers, who have applied for it on a first-come,
first-served basis, starting August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app
from Google Play Store and follow mentioned steps to download the preview
release of Android Nougat through the companion desktop application.
Participants of the preview programme will be able to offer feedback and report
bugs, so that the same can be removed from the final release when it's seeded to
all customers. LG will also announce the stable Nougat rollout for G5 users once
it is ready.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

MWC 2016 innovations that slipped under the radar

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 786 words


Considering all the high-profile launches, one would think MWC is only about
smartphones. But there's a lot of innovation that complements phones.

LG 360 VR

LG announced a VR headset which is a departure from the usual bulky ones
available today. Weighing only 118 grams, the headset works with the LG G5 over
a wired connection. The prototype was working though the resolution was low and
it allowed a lot of ambient light in which ruined the experience. These issues
might be sorted in the final version. No price or availability was announced but
it should be out later this year.

(Image: Agencies)

Samsung Lens Case

Samsung debuted an official add-on lens case for their new flagship Galaxy S7
-since the camera will likely be a big draw for consumers. The lens case offers
the option of attaching a telephoto or wide angle lens with a screw-in design.
The case itself has a rubber texture which provides for excellent grip while
taking photos while the lenses are made of metal and feel very well-built.

Intex Aqua Fish

If you're one of the few that don't take well to mass market phone operating
systems like Android & iOS, this should interest you. A phone powered by
Sailfish OS, popularized by Jolla, has quietly emerged at MWC this year and
you'll be able to see the Intex logo on it as well. The device is a result of
Jolla's partnership with the Indian brand and the rumour mill suggests that it
will launch in India first. Going by the specifications (Snapdragon 212, 2GB
RAM, 16GB storage, 5-inch HD display), this should be a mid-range phone priced
well under the Rs 10k mark.

ZTE Spro Plus

This is a hybrid tablet pro jector with 8.4-inch super amoled display (2560 x
1440 pixels) and comes in WiFi and WiFi + LTE variants. It runs Android 6.0 on a
Snapdragon 801625 and has a 12,100mAh battery with a claimed projection time of
up to 6 hours. The laser projector has a resolution of 1280 x 720-pixels, 500
lumens brightness with automatic focus and JBL speakers for audio output.

Sony Xperia Ear

The Xperia Ear gives you an always-on voice assistant in a Bluetooth headset.
The assistant can tell you about incoming notifications as well as your calendar
appointments and alerts.Because it's always-on, you can dictate messages, search
the web or even get directions on Google Maps by speaking normally. Finally, you
can set specific actions that execute when its picked up: read the news, traffic
updates or weather reports.

Haier Smartwatch

Haier's upcoming smartwatch has a stylish design and 1.4-inch full circle
display with a resolution of 400 x 400 pixels. What makes this one stand out is
that it's among the first to come with full Android 6.0 operating system. It is
IP56 certified for water resistance, has 8GB storage built-in, Bluetooth, a
heart rate sensor as well as a speaker and microphone. Priced at about 200 Euros
(roughly Rs 17,000), it is expected to launch in April 2016 this year.

(Image: Agencies)

CAT S60

Amongst the sea of smartphones at the event, the CAT S60 smartphone stood out
thanks to the thermal imaging camera. Aimed at the B2B segment (construction,
plumbing, security), the phone can take heat measurements from almost 100 feet
away. Thanks o the strengthened diecast frame, it can withstand 6 oot drops.
Specifications include a 4.7-inch display, Snapdragon 617, 3GB RAM, 32GB
storage, 3,800mAH battery and Android 6.0 OS. It will be available later this
year for US$599.

Sony Xperia Projector

Sony's next generation projector prototype was showcased at the event. The
rectangular projector can be wall or floor mounted and the compact size makes it
easy to carry around. Using it, you can convert any flat surface into a touch
sensitive interface and directly interact with whatever is being displayed.

(Image: Agencies)

Sony Xperia Eye

Another concept from Sony, the Eye is a compact camera capable of wide angle
photo and video. What makes it special is that it's about the size of an HDMI
dongle and can be easily clipped to clothing. It does not require you to press
any buttons to take photos -it automatically detects faces and takes a photo
till the battery runs out.

LG Robotic Ball

This is a special accessory for the LG G5. It's a rolling robot with 8MP camera
which makes it great for home surveillance because can be controlled from
anywhere via an app. It also responds to a laser pointer and can be made to
follow the laser if required. With built-in WiFi, you can see a live stream of
the robot's camera on your LG G5. Finally, the built-in IR emitter means that
you can control other things in your home using the robot. No details on price
were announced, but it was one of the more interesting things at the show.

(Image: Agencies)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

MWC 2016: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 powers the showstoppers, VR goes mainstream

BYLINE: nandagopal rajan

LENGTH: 234  words


Meanwhile, Sony surprised everyone by announcing a bunch of new phones, the
Xperia X, Xperia X Performance, Xperia X Premium and Xperia XA. The Xperia XA
runs a MediaTek processor and might come to India as a budget offering, while
the Xperia X Premium runs a Snapdragon 820.

The showstoppers clearly are the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5 launched on Sunday.
Most crowds are lining up to see these two new phones. The LG G5 is clearly more
innovative of the two, ushering in the option of adding modular appendages to
improve audio quality, camera results and battery life.

Lenovo, meanwhile, showcased the Vibe K5 and Vibe K5 Plus which can be expected
to hit the Indian market soon. The company is already the third largest
smartphone manufacturer in India along with Motorola and is expected to
strengthen its offering in the sub-$150-range with these new phones.

One little-known device that could have a lot of promise is the Ozo 360-degree
camera from Nokia which will be the first professional grade VR camera.

Price upwards of $60,000, the cameras could find widespread use in the movie
industry, according to the Finnish technology company, which is exploring new
avenues since selling its smartphone business to Microsoft. Given that Samsung
beamed its Galaxy S7 launch event on Sunday in VR, we can now assume that VR has
finally gone mainstream.

The writer is in Barcelona on the invite of Qualcomm.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DQ Week

                                October 7, 2016

LG Announces Exciting Offers for festive Season

BYLINE: DQW Bureau

LENGTH: 520  words


In its commitment to boost festive mood for consumers, LG Electronics India is
offering a bunch of compelling offers this festival season for its consumers.

With the clear-cut objective of maximizing customer satisfaction and heighten
the competitive edge of the flagship products, LG Electronics has announced its
mega consumer offers for festive this year. Focus on premium imagery building,
prompt customer service, high quality displays and enhancing relationship with
trade partners will also be the important areas.

Niladri Datta, Head-Corporate Marketing, LG Electronics India said, "For us, the
festive season gives us an opportunity to strengthen our relationship with our
consumers. Offering customers compelling choices and exciting deals is our way
of maximizing customer satisfaction. This year festive season brings all the
more growth opportunity for brands due to factors like, good monsoon, roll out
of 7th pay commission. LG too is ready to leverage this opportunity with its
premium and technological superior products topped up with lucrative offers. "

The festive bonanza for customers is delightful offers that cut across
categories.

Category: Home Appliance

<colgroup></colgroup>
Product Name                 Offers
LG True Water Purifier       Avail discount up to Rs.9000 and get a True
                             Maintenance package worth Rs. 4200
Dual Door-in-Door Side by    Bedroom refrigerator and a warranty of 10 years
Side refrigerator India's    on the compressor
biggest capacity
refrigerator
Twin wash washing machine    Bed room refrigerator
LG Top Load & Front Washing  10 years warranty on direct drive Motor
Machine*
Charcoal lighting, heater    Get a chance to win 3 cooking classes, Microwave
and Microwave oven           cookbook and startup Kit with a 10 years
                             warranty and 5 years of warranty on magnetron
Mosquito Away conditioners
with Dual Cool Compressor         ·    10 years warranty on compressor
                                  ·    Free installation worth Rs.1500
                                  ·    Take home on AC at just Rs.666

*selected models

Category: Television

<colgroup></colgroup>
190cm(75) and Above 4K TV and      Blu-ray Home theater worth up to Rs 31990
OLEDE6
OLEDB6T, 55EG960T AND 123CM(49) TO Sound bar worth up to Rs 19990
164CM(65) 4K TV
108cm(43) LEDTV and LED Smart TV   Multi-media speaker worth up to 6990
OLEDTV E6, B6 and SuperUHDTV4K     free Buy n Fly Offer: Lucky Draw offer of
UH95, UH85, UH77.                  3D2N visit to Dolby Theatre USA
Ultra HD & OLED TVs starting from  Free 4 Blu-ray movies pack worth Rs.4195
139cm (55) and above range.
70cm (28) and above TV             Free 6 way Flexi Bracket worth up to Rs
                                   7000

Audio Products

<colgroup></colgroup>
Product Name       Offers
Xboom              Free Tripod
OM5540/OM7750      stands
X Boom range       Free Mic

Category: Smartphone

<colgroup></colgroup>
Product Name                      Offers
G5, XCAM, XScreen, Stylus 2 Plus, Free Unlimited Data, Voice Calls, SMS and
Stylus 2, Nexus 5X, K10, K7, G4   JIO Applications up to 31st Dec'16 on all
Stylus 4G & C70                   LG 4G VoLTE Smartphones
G5, XCAM, XScreen, Stylus 2 Plus, Discounts up to Rs. 25,000 on Fashion
Stylus 2, Nexus 5X, K10, K7       Accessories & Clothing on all LG 4G VoLTE
                                  Smartphones
LG 4G VoLTE Smartphones other     Bundled Gift like Additional battery, CAM
than G4 Stylus 4G and             PLUS, Interactive Phone Cover, Jelly Case

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 The DQ Week, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Gizmos galore in Barcelona

BYLINE: Chris Griffith, Personal Tech

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 857  words


Brace yourself. You are about to be inundated with smartphones, tablets, virtual
reality and everything in between when the Mobile World Congress kicks off in
Barcelona next week.

It is the annual global trade show where manufacturers spruik all things telco
and showcase their newest technology. But it could be renamed CEO Central, given
the number of chief executives listed as keynote speakers.

They include Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook), Chuck Robbins (Cisco), Hans Vestberg
(Ericsson), Simon Segars (ARM), Mark Fields (Ford), Guo Ping (Huawei), Brian
Krzanich (Intel) and Dan Schulman (PayPal).

There's a handful of Australian firms exhibiting as well: Crowd Mobile,
Insightus, Leadbolt, Netcomm Wireless, and Novatti. Top-notch executives of
Optus, Telstra, Vodafone and Australian representatives of global communications
firms like Cisco, Ericsson and Huawei should be there in spades.

The hottest topic of discussion will be 5G with telcos keen to promote their
plans for fifth-generation cellular networks. The conversation will focus on
standardising 5G before the tech is rolled out in 2020. Mobile payments, which
are quickly becoming mainstream, should be another discussion point.

Project Beyond In the smartphone space the excitement is building around
Samsung's S7 and S7 Edge, and the LG G5. But the show could be -stolen by
virtual-reality cameras and headsets and the tech that links them.

Samsung may release its long-anticipated 360-degree camera, first showcased in
November 2014 as "Project Beyond". It's understood to be now called Gear 360. It
will let users shoot vision and view it with Samsung's VR virtual--reality
headset.

SamMobile, a community site that shadows Samsung, says it has indirectly
confirmed the launch. As best we know, Gear 360 consists of two 180-degree
fisheye -lenses and offers a maximum resolution of 3840x1920. Video samples on
the thinktankteam.com site have crisp resolution, something hard to sustain over
360 degrees.

With competing 360-degree cameras in market, and with interest in virtual
reality cameras heightening with the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR
headsets, Samsung will need to get Project Beyond to market soon.

New Chinese contender We may also see fascinating connected drone technology.
China's Xiaomi, slated as the world's fourth-largest smartphone vendor, will be
at the congress for the first time.

It has confirmed it will release its Mi5 smartphone. But there are reports it
may unveil a Mi Drone, which can be controlled from your wrist by an Mi fitness
band. But it may not materialise as there have been concerns it closely
resembles a drone made by Shenzhen's DJI.

Smartphones that wirelessly link with fitness bands, 360--degree VR headsets and
cameras that let you create your own -virtual-reality vision should be a
fascinating theme.

On another front, we'll see more phones that offer biometric identification as
an alternative to passwords, and more devices with USB Type-C connectors.
Switching to USB Type-C will annoy users, but the benefit is faster connectivity
and using the same port for charging and transferring data on a notebook and
laptop.

As usual, Samsung, LG and other vendors will supply much of the news from MWC.
Samsung could release four versions of the S7 but now the money is on two: an S7
with a 5.1 or 5.2-inch display and a larger S7 Edge with a 5.5 or 5.7-inch
display.

Rumours persist the microSD card slot will be restored, that the S7 may have a
Quad HD (2560x1440) AMOLED display, and that the main camera's resolution will
be 12 megapixels instead of 16.

There's less certainty now about the S7 distinguishing a hard press from a
softer one, a feature on the iPhone 6s called 3D touch.

LG is understood to have preferred wrapping its G5 in metal rather than leather.
It is expected to have a 5.3-inch Quad HD display and a second display - a
ticker across the top of the phone. It is all but confirmed the G5 will have an
"always on" feature that shows the alerts, date and time in monochrome even when
the screen is technically off.

The G5 may have a "magic slot", where you can swap in a replaceable battery, a
keyboard, camera module or connector to a VR device. Given the fashion trend is
for super-thin phones, it's hard to know whether the slot is more imagination
than magic. But there is reason to believe the phone will allow selected pieces
of hardware to automatically pair with it and a 360-degree camera is believed to
be one of them.

HTC, which launched the One M9 last year at Barcelona, is expected to delay the
One M10 until March. Instead it will concentrate on promoting the HTC Vive VR
headset.

Sony is likely to launch an -Xperia Z6 tablet, and maybe a new smartwatch. An
Xperia Z6 smartphone is unlikely given the Japanese firm is still rolling out
the Z5 in some markets.

Huawei will launch a device at MWC but whether it's another smartwatch, notebook
or new premium phone such as the P9 range is unknown. If last year is a guide,
the P9 will launch around April.It is no secret that Alcatel will launch its
Idol 4 and Idol 4S phones and there are reports the packaging will double as
virtual- reality goggles.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Ringing up what might be shown at Mobile World Congress;
Annual event showcases what's next for smartphones

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. S8

LENGTH: 620 words


The latest in smartphones and telecommunications gear is set to debut at the
annual Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on Monday.

In the past few years, it was the place BlackBerry teased the slider phone that
became the Priv, and HTC wowed with the first look at its Vive virtual reality
headset.

This industry event sets the stage for what's coming next in the world of
handset technology. Here's a look at what to expect:

Tech trends

Perhaps the biggest trend this year will come from the major player who won't
even be at the World Mobile Congress. The absent Apple is rumoured to be
bringing a smaller phone, the 5Se, to market in March.

It will be interesting to see if other smartphone makers will also try to fill
out the smaller end of their product lineups at Barcelona. Also likely to
generate buzz are virtual and augmented reality, with Samsung and HTC giving
some updates on their Gear VR and Vive headsets. Overall, the congress will
likely show 2016 to be more an evolutionary than a revolutionary year, with 4K
screens, bigger batteries and metal bodies likely to feature prominently.

Flagship phones

This is what this conference is all about - phone-makers rolling out their
high-end devices. Samsung is preparing to show off the Samsung Galaxy S7, S7
Edge and perhaps the S7 Galaxy Edge Plus. Rumours are that it might be a little
cheaper than last year's model and, catching up with Apple, may have
pressure-sensitive screens and some version of live photos. The distinctive Edge
screen feature may open up for more functionality and the phone may be
waterproof.

LG has already teased the LG G5, which may have an always-on screen that
constantly displays basic info such as time and date. HTC is also rumoured to
launch the new One M10, with possibly a higher-resolution screen. BlackBerry
will also be on hand, rumoured to show off its Vienna, a lower cost Android
phone with a physical keyboard.

Wearables

Wearables still rule, with the growing product category looking to fill a real
niche for consumers.

Chipmaker Qualcomm has announced Snapdragon Wear, a new chip set for
smartwatches.

There are rumours of refreshes of smartwatches for the existing players in the
field, although nothing had leaked prior to the event.

Dot Inc., a firm owned by Korean-based electronics company SK-Telecom, announced
that it would be introducing the world's first Braille smartwatch, which sounds
like a good idea.

LG is also rumoured to be bringing out another phone with a stylus.

Samsung is reportedly launching a smart shoe, because obviously wrist fitness
trackers are just so pass#233;.

Mobile Payments

This is an area that sparks dollar signs in the eyes of every player in the
market, but despite a growing number of options, consumers have yet to embrace
the idea of using their smartphone to pay for things.

LG reportedly pulled its LG Pay service apparently because it didn't want to
take the focus away from its G5 phone, or because it didn't have enough support
from major credit card vendors.

There are smaller players making announcements, but Visa is also making its way
to Barcelona to talk about the future of mobile payments. The company recently
bought a 10-per-cent stake in Square and, like everyone, wants to cash in on
this.

Down the road?

Following on the heels of last week's announcement of the Reflex, a bendable
phone prototype created by the Human Media Lab at Queen's University, there will
likely be a few high-concept phones showing some kind of bendable technology.

As well, there will definitely be some noise about 5G, although most experts
feel it likely won't become a real thing for consumers for a few more years, as
there are still regulatory issues to be worked out in several jurisdictions.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              314 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Huawei Honor 5X review: mid-range master delivers the goods

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 553  words


John Everington

Huawei's Honor 5X is a great option for those who want a solid performing
smartphone, but who are unwilling to shell out for the likes of the new LG G5 or
Samsung Galaxy S7.

The Honor 5X, launched online in the UAE this month, is a massive step up from
last year's 4X, whose solid performance was undercut by a subpar design.

But such upgrades come at a price, with the 5X setting you back Dh899, Dh300
more than its predecessor, which may push it beyond some people's budget. But if
you can spare the extra dirhams, you won't feel short-changed.

Gone is the 4X's cheap plastic casing, replaced by a smooth, brushed metal back,
which sits comfortably in the hand. While it doesn't have the premium feel of
devices that are twice as expensive, the 5X's design is far better than you'd
expect for this price point.

The 5X's 5.5-inch display has also been given an upgrade to full HD, sporting an
impressive 401 ppi pixel density. While again that falls short of premium
devices, videos such as the Captain America: Civil War trailer render very
smoothly, with a solid colour palette.

The most significant upgrade, however, comes in the form of the new fingerprint
reader, mounted on the rear of the phone, as per LG's G5 and V10. And while the
5X's reader cannot match the raw speed of those devices, it does the job very
well, and is a great feature to see on a budget device.

Camera-wise, the 5X offers only modest improvements on the 4X, retaining both
the rear- facing13MP snapper, and the 5MP selfie camera. Like the 4X, it
struggles a little in low light conditions, but all-round performance is as
solid as you'd expect at this price point.

The Honor 5X is once again proof that a great performing smartphone need not set
you back a fortune. While better cameras and displays are available in devices
three times the price, the Honor 5X offers very good design, a decent
fingerprint reader, and reliable performance.

q&a worth an honourable mention

John Everington tells us more about the Honor 5X:

I've heard that people at Huawei are calling the Honor 5X a "budget beast"?

They are indeed. It's a bit of a misnomer though, given that it's more expensive
than the 4X. We could perhaps call it a "mid-range master" instead.

There's plenty of Honor but not much Huawei to be seen ...

It seems as if Huawei is confident enough in the Honor brand for it to stand on
its own, and separate from the higher range Prestige brand.

So aside from the 5X's fingerprint scanner, what else do I need to know about
its specs?

All in all, a fairly standard mid-range smartphone, running the Lollipop
iteration of Android out of the box, overlaid with Huawei's Emui skin, which
many have found a little underwhelming. It includes slots for two Sim cards,
plus room for a MicroSD card.

That's nice of them. One last question ...

Yes, it comes in gold, as well as silver and grey. Despite its pedigree, it's
still a mid-range phone, meaning that it doesn't come in pink or "rose gold".

That's a shame. So what have Huawei been up to at MWC? Any new handsets?

Huawei was the first of the big three press conferences held the day before the
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona started yesterday. However, there were no new
smartphones, with the new Matebook tablet, Huawei's first Windows tablet the
main attraction.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Moody's: LG Electronics improved 1Q results are credit positive; ratings
unaffected

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 New York: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



   Moody's Investors Service says LG Electronics Inc.'s (LGE, Baa3 negative) 1Q
2016 results showed operational improvements, but have no immediate impact on
the company's Baa3 issuer and senior unsecured debt ratings, the (P)Baa3 senior
unsecured MTN rating of its Medium Term Note Program rating, and the negative
rating outlook.





 "LGE improved its operating margins to 3.8% in 1Q 2016 from 2.4% in 4Q 2015,
despite persistently tough market conditions," says Joe Morrison, a Moody's Vice
President and Senior Credit Officer.



 The company's home appliance and air solution (H&A) division reported a
4.1-percentage-point increase in operating margins quarter-on-quarter to 9.7%,
as a result of favorable raw material prices and an improved product mix.



 Moreover, its home entertainment (HE) division reported a 5.4-percentage-point
increase in operating margins quarter-on-quarter to 7.7% due to increased sales
of its premium products, as well as decreased costs due to falling panel prices.




 The improved performances of its H&A and HE divisions were partially offset by
the loss in LGE's mobile communications (MC) division, caused in turn by lower
shipments and marketing expenses related to the launch of its G5 mobile phone.



 Moody's expects the profitability in its MC division to improve in 2Q 2016 due
to the strong sales outlook for the G5 model.



 "Despite the solid results at LGE in 1Q 2016, the weak performance at its
37.9%-owned subsidiary LG Display Co., Ltd (LGD, unrated) continues to drag on
LGE's credit profile," adds Morrison, who is also the lead analyst for LGE.



 LG Display reported a 95% year-on-year decline in operating income to KRW40
billion in 1Q 2016 from KRW744 billion in 1Q 2015 as a result of continued
declines in panel pricing. As a result, LGD's reported operating margins fell to
0.7% from 10.6% during the same period.



 According to management, panel prices have started to stabilize in 2Q 2016.
Nevertheless, Moody's expects LGD's profitability to remain pressured over the
next 12 months due to the current supply/demand imbalance in the LCD panel
market and persistent and growing competition from Chinese manufacturers which
have a lower cost base.



 As a result of LGD's weakened profitability, Moody's estimates that LGE's
adjusted debt/EBITDA -- including the pro rata consolidation of LGD -- increased
modestly to 2.8x for the 12 months ended March 2016 from 2.6x in 2015.



 The increase in financial leverage is largely in line with expectations and
positions the company at the weak end of the Baa3 rating category.



 If LGE can demonstrate its ability to improve profitability on a sustained
basis, while also limiting earnings erosion at LGD, this development will be
positive for its rating and outlook.



 The principal methodology used in these ratings was Consumer Durables Industry
published in September 2014. Please see the Ratings Methodologies page on
www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 LG Electronics Inc. is a leading consumer electronics company that makes
diversified products, including refrigerators, washing machines, air
conditioners, TVs, mobile phones, and vehicle components. LG Display Co., Ltd.
is a leading manufacturer of thin-film transistor liquid crystal display
(TFT-LCD) panels, OLEDs and flexible displays.



 This publication does not announce a credit rating action. For any credit
ratings referenced in this publication, please see the ratings tab on the
issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for the most updated credit rating action
information and rating history.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The best camera is the onne in your back pocket;
Technology A new wave of smartphones are poised to make this summer one you'll
never forget. Fred Searle takes a look at the big picture

BYLINE: Fred Searle

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 34,35

LENGTH: 775 words


CAMERAPHONES have come a long way since the dark, pixellated days of your first
Nokia brick. As smartphone snappers become ever-more advanced it's increasingly
rare to see anyone but the most seasoned of pros whip out a real camera. Tech
brands are now racing to make the longest lenses and flashiest lighting, not
just as add-ons to their phones but as a key selling point.

We don't know when the iPhone 7 is coming out but already the internet is awash
with rumours about its design. Last week a social media user in China leaked
pictures purporting to show the new smartphone. Besides what seems to be an
all-screen-no-home-button front panel, the main feature that stands out is the
bigger camera, which pops out like a compact fish eye from the back of the
phone.

The iPhone 7 - or the plusher 7 Plus version, at least - is likely to have a
dual-lens camera, according to Stuff magazine's Rob Leedham, who has seen the
rumour crop up in numerous leaks. "This improves your photo quality because the
lenses can focus on different details and combine to take a sharper shot," he
says. This should make for improved lowlight shooting and more detailed pictures
- good for landscapes, bad for blemishes.

The current iPhone 6 camera, although now a bit older than some of its new
competitors, remains "one of the best on the market", says Leedham. But it can
still be improved upon. The Samsung Galaxy S7, which has been around since
March, is "the high watermark of smartphone cameras", he says. "It gives you
these really bright, bold pictures, which pop off your Instagram feed." Tech
review site Tom's Guide agrees, naming the Galaxy S7 Edge the best allrounder.

While the iPhone focuses on natural colours, the Galaxy's palette is more
vibrant. But the Samsung camera's main plus point, according to Stuff magazine,
is its ability to cope as well when it gets dark. "It's great in low light; it's
great in most conditions," says Leedham. The Galaxy S7's prowess in low light is
due to the South Korean manufacturer's brave decision to scale back on the
number of megapixels from 16 to 12, compared with the phone's previous model.
Fewer pixels means bigger pixels, which lets in more light - perfect for those
holiday selfies as the sun dips.

When cameras first started to sprout from the backs of our phones in the early
2000s it was all: "How many megapixels have you got? the inclusion of new
features designed to cater for both the amateur and professional photographer."

A good example is the Huawei P9, which is one step ahead of the iPhone 7 with a
dual-lens camera of its own. The Chinese brand - the second biggest smartphone
manufacturer in the world but still somewhat of a dark horse in the UK game -
teamed up top-end camera specialist Leica to release a camera with two sensors
last month: one for colour and one for black-and-white. Each takes a photo and
the pictures are combined to give 300 per cent more light and 50 per cent better
contrast, without the need for snappers to fiddle around with any complicated
settings.

The LG G5, meanwhile, has a 135-degree wide-angle lens, which lets users capture
more of the scene in one image without having to change position or resort to
panorama mode. This makes the G5 a great holiday camera - perfect for capturing
cityscapes, vista and group shots.

Back in 2014 the electronics manufacturer was also one of the first to introduce
a flash for selfies, "allowing users to capture themselves in the best way under
most ambient conditions", according to the company's product marketing manager
Shaun Musgrave.

Today, for the first time, smartphone cameras are genuinely giving their
standalone equivalents a run for their money. Research by Carphone Warehouse
revealed that 65 per cent of smartphone users use their phone as a substitute
for a point-and-click device. The study also showed that almost 40 per cent of
smartphone users consider the quality of a handset camera "an important (or very
important) element of a new mobile phone".

"Smartphones have reached parity in terms of their screens and processors," says
Leedham. "The camera is where it's at in terms of technology." And the main
players' clever new features highlight their progress in dealing with the dusk.

Smartphone cameras - once a less professional but more convenient alternative -
are now the real deal whatever the time of day. @fsearle91

What's your zoom like?" Now there's much more to it. Carphone Warehouse's buying
director Andy Webb says: "It's no longer about the number of pixels but

'It's no longer about the number of pixels but new features designed to cater
for both the amateur and professional photographer'

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Get snappy happy: above, Huawei's dual-lens P9 smartphone. Clockwise
from far left, the Huawei Leica, the Galaxy S7 and the LG G5Point and click: the
LG G5 has a 135-degree wide-angle lens

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             June 21, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung to overhaul smartphone strategy for profits

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 813 words


Consumers check features of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge at the Galaxy S7
Experience Zone installed in Seoul Station in this file photo. / Korea Times
fileAmid collapse in handset profits, firm seeks new strategy for profitability

Samsung Electronics is pursuing a new strategy to maintain its place as a
competitive global cell phone maker and cope with a continued collapse in
profits in the sector.

'We have been seeking growth in terms of shipments for years. Samsung is
preparing for the post-smartphone era and that's why our handset unit has
identified profitability as a priority over growth,' an executive at Samsung
Electronics said.

The executive added the strategy shift doesn't mean Samsung will let its rivals
take over the company's market share.

'Samsung will keep the company-set share according to markets. We will launch
promotional campaigns if we have to. But the company will be unlikely to
initiate cash-intensive promotions to clear inventory and increase market
share,' he said.

Samsung is expected to maintain ship around 400 million smartphones based on the
revised business strategy.

The executive added that the company had notified investors of its new strategy.

The change is expected to boost the profit margin at the company's handset
division by up to 17 percent during the second quarter of this year from 15.8
percent a quarter earlier, though a Samsung spokesman declined to comment.

The rapid rise of budget Chinese smartphone vendors and consumers' lukewarm
response toward 'fancy features' were cited as 'key reasons' for Samsung to
change its mobile strategy, according to the executive.

Samsung plans to cut the number of budget models and is unlikely that the market
leader will follow Chinese competitors seeking increased share with aggressive
pricing strategies.

Fitch Ratings director Shelley Jang agreed with the executive as the global
credit ratings agency expects Samsung's handset margins to decline gradually to
high single-digits percentage over the long term due to increasing competition
and narrowing product differentiation as lower-cost competitors' handsets
improve.

'However, the positive impact from the launch of new flagship models _ Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge will lead to revenue growth and modest margin improvement in 2016,'
Jang said.

The Samsung executive said the strategy shift won't cost the company's handset
business too much given the firm's technology leadership, strong market position
and diversified business portfolio.

'We expect Samsung's financial position to remain intact over the next 12 to 18
months, backed by its robust cash generation,' said Fitch.

LG follows Samsung's steps

Samsung's chief local rival LG Electronics is following suit by scaling down the
number of staff members and tightening its marketing budget.

LG Electronics is expected to report an operating loss at its mobile division
led by the company's co-CEO Cho Juno for the second quarter of this year,
extending its losing streaks for the fourth straight quarter.

The number of workforce at LG's mobile division was cut to 7,321 by the end of
the first quarter of this year from 8,041 that it kept in the second quarter of
last year, LG said.

Because LG's global share was below 4 percent by the first quarter of 2016, LG
has no plans to significantly cut the shipment of its G-branded flagship models.

Rather, the firm is seeking to improve corporate margins by sending staff
members to the vehicle component (VC) business division.

During the same period, the number of its VC division rose to 3,625 from 2,635.

'The biggest difference between Samsung and LG is that Samsung Electronics has
realized the ¡®economies of a scale' in its handset business, meaning Samsung is
well-situated to seek profitability by making some changes. But LG Electronics
is nowhere to be seen. LG Electronics is in deep trouble, which is unlikely to
be addressed in the near future,' said an official who has recently moved to the
VC division.

LG released its first modular-type G5 in late March and the initial response to
the new G5 was impressive. But LG failed to continue the positive traction due
to tight supplies.

'LG Electronics may report a 100 billion won operating loss during the second
quarter and we expect LG to report 37 billion won and 18 billion won operating
losses in its handset business for the third and fourth quarter of this year,'
said Daishin Securities in a report.

According to CounterPoint Research, a market research firm, LG shipped 13
million smartphone units for the January-March period, a cut by 12.3 percent,
year-on-year. It is competing with Samsung, Apple and Huawei in the premium
segment.

'LG needs to overhaul its smartphone business from the starting point. Market
leaders plan to release new phones with a new form factor in late 2017, at the
earliest. This will put further pressure on LG,' said the local brokerage.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

WE can't make up [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 91 words


? WE can't make up our minds if LG's new G5 smartphone is simply bonkers or
utterly brilliant.

One thing we do know is that it's certainly different.

? As well as a new all-metal finish and two rear cameras, the G5 has a unique
modular design which allows users to add and remove companion products,
including a camera kit, more battery power and even a posh audio player from
Bang & Olufsen.

Other features include a 5.3in Quad HD IPS Quantum display and a Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor.

? Prices and release date have yet to be announced by LG.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Gov't, gaming industry in disharmony over VR

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won The government and major gaming companies here have
revealed a difference of opinion over virtual reality (VR) technology used for
games.

LENGTH: 580 words


While the administration is promising investments and policy support to foster
VR technology as one of the nation's R&D projects, the largest gaming companies
including Nexon, NCSOFT and Netmarble Games remain diffident over its immediate
applicability to gaming.

The Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning picked VR games and a VR theme
park, Sunday, as one of five VR flagship projects, aiming at nourishing the new
market for VR platforms and related industries. The ministry also pledged to
invest about 50 billion won in the sector over the next two years; and more
afterwards if the first investment proves to be successful.

It plans to establish a VR-related industry complex at Digital Media City in
western Seoul and build related infrastructure such as VR content creation
studios, exhibition halls and test facilities. 'As this year is thought of as
the first year of the VR industry, we will provide active support including the
five flagship projects to vitalize the VR ecosystem here,' a ministry official
said.

The move came as global IT giants such as Google, Apple and Facebook are
increasingly pushing for VR and augmented reality (AR) technologies through
active investments and acquisitions.

Google has developed advanced head-mounted VR devices that are compatible with
smartphones running on its Android mobile operating system. Facebook has made
bolder moves including its $2 billion acquisition of Oculus, one of the world's
leading VR technology firms, in 2014. Last week, Oculus said it will roll out
its first commercial head-mounted VR device named Oculus Lift on March 28.
Taiwan's HTC also plans to release its VR device Vive.

Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics have designed their latest flagship
smartphones Galaxy S7 and G5 to support VR. Adding to its first head-mounted VR
device, the Gear VR unveiled in October 2014, Samsung Electronics introduced its
VR camera dubbed VR 360 at the Mobile World Congress 2016, while LG Electronics
introduced a 360-degree VR camera for its modular G5 smartphone.

In the gaming industry, Sony said it will launch the PlayStation (PS) VR, as a
peripheral to the PS 4 to support VR games, in October. The PS VR has drawn much
market attention as it is expected to be provided with a far greater amount of
compatible content compared to other makers.

Whereas Korea's small and medium-sized gaming companies are seeking a
breakthrough in VR, larger ones here have said it is 'untimely,' considering
that VR devices have not sufficiently penetrated the market.

'We have not officially discussed developing VR games,' said an official at
Nexon, the nation's largest game company. 'VR-related devices are not common
yet. We may start evaluating the market success of VR games after the latter
half of this year.'

NCSOFT, the leading computer online game provider here, also said, 'We are
currently mulling what kind of games we need to develop and how can will utilize
VR devices one they are commercialized.'

Admitting that VR can become one of the company's biggest income sources, Bang
Jun-hyuk, senior advisor to Korea's largest mobile game company Netmarble Games,
pointed out the head-mounted VR devices that are available now are too heavy to
be portable, with models that have been unveiled so far weighing between 300 and
400 grams.

'Mobile games should be freely available regardless of space,' Bang said. 'VR
devices should be light like sunglasses or goggles to be easily worn by gamers
without discomfort.'

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

OnePlus 3 review: Proof great smartphones don't have to cost the earth

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 567  words


John Everington

The new OnePlus 3 once again proves that a great smartphone needn't cost the
earth. It's not quite up there with the iPhones and Galaxy S7s of this world,
but it is a great all round performer and fantastic value at Dh1,599.

The 3's form factor has come on leaps and bounds from last year's solid but
unspectacular OnePlus 2. Gone is the polycarbonate body, replaced by a curved,
brushed metal back that looks and feels like a far more expensive handset, even
if the rear camera lens protrudes a little too much for my liking.

It's not quite iPhone 6S and Galaxy S7 calibre, but the 3's design certainly
gives the likes of the HTC 10 and LG G5 a run for their money.

The 3's 5.5 inch Optic Amoled display is where one or two corners have been cut
to keep the price down, although there's little to complain about. True, the
likes of the HTC 10 and the just launched, similarly priced, Alcatel Idol 4S
pack a higher pixel density. But the 3's display still does the job admirably,
the deep reds and blacks of the Ghostbusters trailer rendering beautifully.

There are no such shortcuts in the camera department. The 16MP rear facing
camera, while not the equal of benchmarks like the Galaxy S7 or LG G5, takes
images with good colour and contrast, while the selfie camera has been upgraded
to 8MP from the OnePlus 2's 5MP.

Above all, the OnePlus 3 has the zippy, powerful feel of a premium device,
thanks to its Snapdragon 820 processor and a massive 6GB of RAM. The cherry on
the cake is the 3's fingerprint reader, which is every bit the equal of its more
expensive peers.

Retailing for Dh1,599, the OnePlus 3 goes for just over half the price of the
iPhone 6S and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. While it doesn't quite hit the heights of
those two flagships, the OnePlus 3 is outstanding value for money, given its
great design and performance, and is right up there with the best mid range
smartphones on the market.

Q&A

OnePlus? Remind me who they are again?

They're a relatively new manufacturer, having launched its first phone, the
OnePlus One, in April 2014. Despite its name, the OnePlus 3 is the company's
fourth device, following on from the OnePlus 2 and the OnePlus X.

I don't see their smartphones on sale in Sharaf DG and Jumbo Electronics

Indeed you haven't. OnePlus eschews the typical retail model by selling only
online, either via its own website, or approved local distributors, souq.com in
the case of the Middle East. The company's logic is that by selling direct
online, it cuts down on distribution costs, meaning it can offer its devices for
less money.

That sounds good! But I couldn't see the OnePlus 3 on souq.com the other day

Neither did I. OnePlus's media people told me that the handset was temporarily
sold out, and that new stock would be arriving soon. This could be down to the
phone's runaway popularity in the Middle East, or alternatively it could be
because souq.com has only being given limited stock.

Any other details I should know?

The 3 runs Marshmallow, the latest version of Android. Its inbuilt 64GB memory
is pretty generous, although that's no doubt in part to offset the lack of SD
card slot.

Of course, if the OnePlus 3 really wants to compete with premium handsets like
the iPhone, then surely it must come in rose gold ...

Well, it is available in "soft" gold. So that's close. And you never know, the
OnePlus 4 might even come in pink!

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Audio is nicely detailed

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 198 words


The LG Hi-Fi Plus was developed in conjunction with B&O Play, the portable audio
arm of high-end Danish brand Bang and Olufsen, and it does justice to the
latter's considerable pedigree.

While audiophiles who wanted a digital-to- analog converter (DAC) used to have
to rely on external modules, the Hi-Fi Plus is an elegantly integrated solution.

The sleek, black unit adds just a little length to the G5, and is unobtrusive
enough to be left in permanently.

The module can support up to 32-bit music, versus the G5's already-decent
default 24-bit, and is powered by ESS Technology's well-regarded Sabre chipset.

It can also be used as a standalone DAC, thanks to a USB-C port housed in the
unit.

When you plug a device into the unit, a "Preparing Hi-Fi Plus" message appears
for a few seconds, and then you are good to go.

Audio processed by the Hi-Fi Plus is nicely detailed, and it uncovers plenty of
texture and range that is lost with the G5's default treatment.

While the Cam Plus does not add much functionality to the G5, it is the add-ons
such as the Hi-Fi Plus that really make the G5 stand out from the competition.

·Price: Module bundle (both the Cam Plus and the Hi-Fi Plus), $274

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Hi-Fi Plus adds just a little length to the G5 and can support up
to 32-bit music.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                August 24, 2016

LG launches an exclusive Jio Preview Offer for all LG 4G VoLTE smartphones

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 212  words


NEW DELHI: LG Electronics India has partnered with Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited
to make the JIO Preview Offer available to all its 4G VoLTE smartphone
customers.

The owners of the following LG smartphones will be able to enjoy the Jio Preview
Offer on their LG 4G VoLTE smartphones - LG G5, LG K10, LG K7, LG X Screen, LG
Stylus 2 Plus, LG Stylus 2, LG XCAM, LG G4, LG Spirit LTE, LG G4 Stylus 4G &
Nexus 5X.

As a part of the Jio Preview Offer, LG smartphone users will have an access to
complimentary unlimited HD Voice, Video calling, unlimited SMS, unlimited High
speed data and Jio Apps, while JIO network is being tested, excluding
international calls and international roaming for a period of 90 days, from the
date of activation on acquiring the JIO SIM as per the laid process, basis the
consumer possession of the listed LG Smartphones.

Amit Gujral, Head Marketing LG Mobiles India said, "At LG, we have always
believed in offering a great product to our consumers and this partnership
further underscores our com-mitment to Indian consumers for a seamless and
exciting experience on hardware, software and services. We are sure that our
consumers will enjoy the HD voice, video calling and high speed data experience
that they will experience as a part of this offer."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Samsung, LG improve smartphone cameras

LENGTH: 661  words


South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG unveiled Sunday new
smartphones with better cameras and turned to virtual reality to boost interest
in their headsets at a time of slowing sales.
Samsung launched two versions of its flagship phone, the flat screen Galaxy S7
and the curved screen Galaxy S7 edge, with cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.


The company, the world's number one smartphone maker, also debuted its first 360
degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona where the mobile industry is gathered
for the start of the Mobile World Congress on Monday, in its latest attempt to
remain ahead of Apple.
The camera is designed to make it easy to take all-around photos and videos that
can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive experiences on
Samsung's virtual reality Gear VR headsets which went on sale in November.
"User generated 360 degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016. Numerous 360 degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get
access to this content," said Ben Wood, chief of research at CCS Insight.
"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset -- this is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg made a surprise appearance at the
Samsung press conference to announce a partnership with the South Korean firm to
promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.
"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said.
Rival South Korean tech firm LG sought to steal Samsung's thunder by unveiling
its new premium handset, the G5, its first modular smartphone which is made
using different components that can be independently upgraded or replaced such
as a removable battery.
The G5 comes with several accessories such as a sound system developed by Danish
firm Bang & Olufsen and a virtual reality headset which will allow it to compete
with a headset launched by Samsung late last year.
FOCUS ON ACCESSORIES
The focus on accessories comes with the smartphone market beginning to slow as
it becomes increasingly saturated.
LG's parent company LG Electronics' net profit halved last year on the back of a
global economic slowdown and increased competition in the mobile sector while
Samsung was only able to boost its market share moderately.  Apple, which will
not be present at the congress in Barcelona, saw iPhone sales fall for the first
time on an annual basis in the final quarter of last year, according to Gartner.

The market research firm said that the 9.7 percent increase in smartphone sales
in the final quarter of last year over the same period in 2014 takes the
industry all the way back to 2008 when the global economy was in crisis.
"All of these additional devices, whether it is a virtual reality goggle,
whether it is a camera, whether it is a smartwatch, they are all ways of
generating additional profits," said Ian Fogg, the head mobile and technology
analyst at IHS Technology.
Analysts said handset makers face a tough choice. Focus on the low-price
segment, where sales volumes are large but margins become thin. Or focus on
features which can differentiate their phones.
"We are moving towards a logic of segmentation and improvement, with a better
camera or more autonomy for example, maybe some advances in virtual reality, but
there will unlikely be any major innovation," said Thomas Husson, an analyst at
Forrester.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/48/145617851630.jpg

Visitors take a selfie photo holding the new device LG Rolling Bot by South
Korean multinational conglomerate corporation LG during its presentation on the
eve of the official start of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona on February
21, 2016.  AFP / JOSEP LAGO

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

MWC 2016: Virtual reality is finally becoming real

BYLINE: nandagopal rajan

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


That photo of Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg walking into a hall full of people
glued into Samsung Gear VR devices would be one of the most stunning photographs
you will ever see from the world of technology. It is also the one picture that
captures this edition of Mobile World Congress the best. Virtual Reality could
not get anymore real, and you just have to take one walk around the eight or so
halls of the large Fira Gran Via expo venue to get an idea of how big this trend
is.

And virtual reality is coming in across the spectrum. The Samsung Galaxy Gear VR
was actually among the first to usher in the trend about two years ago and it is
only now that people have been able to get their hands on the device. However,
there are new iterations of this technology in device adds on the like the Ant
VR from Lenovo, which lets users have a large screen experience on their phones
using this very affordable head unit. It might not have 360-degree immersive VR,
but then everyone might not need

that either.

&lt;strong>MCW 2016: Videos Of Virtual Reality Devices & What's In
Store&lt;/strong> (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jflxbstgI8)

And despite this being the most affordable virtual reality option for consumers,
the smartphone might note even be the big entry point for this new technology.
Tim McDonough, senior vice president of marketing at Qualcomm Technologies Inc,
says that despite the trends now, mobile might not be the no 1 consumption
method for VR content. "Yes, mobile will however be the top content creation
device for virtual reality," he clarifies. This is where 360-degree video
recording accessories like the Galaxy 360 camera and the Ricoh Theta camera will
become ubiquitous in the near future.

On the other end of the scale is the Nokia Ozo professional VR camera. The
Finnish technology company, which has been concentrating on innovative products
since it sold its smartphone business to Microsoft, is convinced that this will
change the way movies are made across the world. Given its starting price of at
least $60,000, consumer adoption will be really limited, but Nokia is expecting
to see movie makers across the world adapt themselves to create content in an
immersive 360-degree format, which will put their creativity to the test for
sure. The camera is self-sustaining and can store up to 45-minutes of
high-resolution audio and video inside.

There is also the entire gaming industry which has been licking its lips on the
possibilities VR opens up. The HTC Vive powered by Steam made its debut at the
MWC a year back and is still months away from a commercial rollout. However,
they are certainly beyond the prototype stage with dozens of working units being
used to showcase their type of spatial virtual reality at the show this time.

The interesting, or intriguing, aspect of the entire conversation around VR is
the fact that networks will need to figure out a way to push this content
through their existing pipes. This is where the other big trend of the show, 5G
networks, comes into the picture.

Must Read: MWC 2016: Samsung, LG show that VR is their next purpose
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/gadgets/mwc-2016-samsung-lg
-show-that-vr-is-their-next-purpose/)

Also See: LG G5 vs Samsung Galaxy S7: The modular smartphone takes design to
whole new level (http://indianexpress.com/photos/technology-gallery/lg-g5
-samsung-galaxy-s7-comparison-specs-features-price/)

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

LG Electronics introduces V20 in Korea, US

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 830 words


LG Electronics Mobile Communications Business President Cho Juno introduces the
company's new premium V20 smartphone at the company's research and development
center in Yangjae-dong, southern Seoul, Wednesday. / Courtesy of LG Electronics

New handset embeds advanced audio, video features

LG Electronics showcased its new premium V20 smartphone in Korea and San
Francisco, Wednesday.

The nation's second-largest smartphone manufacturer highlighted a myriad of
advanced acoustic features and camera technologies it has incorporated in the
new handset under partnerships with Danish audio device maker B&O Play and the
world's top application processor manufacturer Qualcomm.

Expectations are high for the success of V20 as it faces tough market
competition with the latest premium smartphones, the Samsung Electronics Galaxy
Note 7 and Apple iPhone 7.

'A premium smartphone's greatest consumer values are in its audio and camera
features,' LG Electronics Mobile Communications Business President Cho Juno said
during the event at the company' research and development center in Seoul,
Wednesday. 'As we have proudly taken the leading role in offering the best
smartphone audio and camera features, we have also strived to bring the best
know-how to the V20.'

The V20 is the sequel to V10, which was introduced in October last year. Unlike
the G5, the V20 does not have a modular system.

LG Electronics said the V20 is the world's first smartphone to have a 32-bit
quad digital-to-analog converter (DAC), provided by U.S. audio chipmaker ESS
Technology. Compared to single DACs, the quad DAC is capable of reducing up to
50 percent of noise from raw audio sources, providing users with a quality music
listening experience.

The V20 is capable of playing 32-bit/384kHz high-fidelity sound sources, which
is 16 times higher than compact disks can contain, and supports diverse lossless
sound source formats such as FLAC, DSD, AIFF and ALAC. Its audio chip also has
the up-bit and up-sampling features that boost moderate quality sound sources.

LG Electronics has collaborated with B&O Play to tune the audio feature as well
as to develop a set of bundled earphones, which is included in the V20 package.
The bundled earphones, however, will not be included in the package available in
the North American market, an LG Electronics official said.

For expert-level users, V20 supports a 75-step volume control for each side of
the earphones that is compatible with professional headphones with high
impedance.Through the V20's high acoustic overload point (AOP) microphone, users
can also record sound sources with 24-bit/192kHz quality. They can also manually
adjust recording settings such as gain, low cut filter and limiter.

The V20 also has a professional model in the video recording feature. Its
advanced audio chip allows the device to record high-fidelity sound in video. It
also has what the company called the Steady Record 2.0 feature, which combines
electronic and digital image stabilization technologies for video recording.

On its rear, V20 has a dual camera including a 1.6-megapixel unit with a
75-degree view angle and another 8-megapixel unit with a 135-degree-wide angle.
Its 5-megapixel front camera supports a 120-degree view angle. The device
adopted what is called the hybrid auto-focusing feature, which combines laser
auto-focus, phase detection auto-focus and contrast auto-focus, to provide
faster and more accurate focusing.

The V20 is the world's first smartphone to have Google's Android 7.0 Nougat
operating system (OS). Through the new Android OS, it supports new features such
as multi-window and application content searching.

Inside its 5.7-inch quad high-definition display and lightweight metallic
casing, the V20 has Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 application processor, 4-gigabyte
(GB) memory and 64GB storage as well as a microSD card slot. It also has a
fingerprint recognition sensor on the rear.

The V20 adopted a detachable battery system which comes with a 3,200mAh battery
pack. The device can be quickly charged through the USB type-C cable and
Qualcomm's Quick Charge 3.0 technology.

LG Electronics said it will launch the V20 in Korea through SK Telecom, KT and
LG Uplus later this month. It will roll out the handset globally afterwards,
starting with the United States, Hong Kong and Taiwan.

However, China, one of the world's largest handset markets, has been exempted
from the list of countries.

'Unlike G5, V20 does not target the entire world,' Cho said. 'We will sell it in
certain overseas markets such as Hong Kong and the United States because
large-screen smartphones are not popular in all countries.'

About its Chinese smartphone market strategy in general, he said, 'We will first
push to solidify our position in other markets and expand marketing drive in
China later. In the meantime, we will sell our products through online channels
only.'

The company has not released the V20's price. Its predecessor V10 was priced at
799,700 won ($732.86) here.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

LG, Bang & Olufsen team up to offer premium audio for V20

LENGTH: 165 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics' upcoming new smartphone V20 will get a big boost
as Bang & Olufsen is coming on board to add premium audio capabilities to the
phone.

The V20, succeeding the V10, will be the first smartphone to employ 32-bit Quad
DAC, or Digital to Analogue Converter, audio chips that the company said
delivers "a crisp and clear sound that comes closest to a live performance,"
with 50 percent reduction in ambient noise.

This is the second collaboration between LG and B&O Play, the fastest-growing
unit of the Swedish luxury audio company that concentrates on portable audio.

The two firms jointly developed the LG Hifi Plus, an accessory DAC module to
upgrade audio functions of the LG G5, the world's first modular smartphone.

LG said they are also developing premium headsets bundled with the V20.

The V20, the first smartphone featuring Nougat, the latest version of Google's
Android operating system, will make its global debut Sept. 7 in New York and
Seoul.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Rumor: LG V20 Releasing Early September

LENGTH: 150  words


New rumors suggest LG will be releasing its next flagship smartphone early
September.

According to Korean website ETNews, LG is busy prepping the successor to last
year's critically hit V10 smartphone.

Sources close to the website claims that LG's next will be called V20, as
opposed to V11, and will release early September. The phone was initially
scheduled for a late September to October release, but LG wants to make it
during the Fall season for better sales opportunity. This means that LG will be
going up against Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and the iPhone 7, both of which are
expected to release this Fall as well.

One of the reasons LG wants to do an early release is because it wants users to
forget about the G5, which was failure in terms of sales, and shift focus on a
brand new smartphone. We don't know what kind of hardware the V20 will pack, but
expect to hear more about it pretty soon.

Source

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

LG Innotek projected to post two straight quarters of operating losses

LENGTH: 224 words


[THE INVESTOR] Camera module maker LG Innotek's second-quarter operating profit
will likely miss the market consensus due to the lackluster sales performance of
its partners that include Apple and LG Electronics, according to an investment
report.

The Seoul-based LG Group affiliate is expected to post an operating loss of 20.4
billion won ($17.4 million), far below the average of 10.8 billion won in
operating profit forecast by a group of investment firms, according to Hana
Financial Investment in its recent report.

LG Innotek's camera modules

LG Innotek's second-quarter revenue will likely decline 10 percent, compared to
the preceding quarter, the report said.

Handset makers such as Apple and LG that LG Innotek supplies to have been seeing
sluggish sales of their respective phones, the iPhone and the G5.

However, analysts said LG Innotek will see its earnings soar in the latter half
of this year due to the anticipated supply of its dual-lens camera -- according
to rumors -- to Apple,

"LG Innotek will gain growth momentum with the supply of its dual-lens cameras
in the second half this year. Its optical solution business' revenue in 2017 is
forecast to increase 11 percent compared to this year with its operating profit
jumping by 212 percent," said Kim Ro-ko, a Hana Financial Investment analyst.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

LG Innotek projected to post two straight quarters of operating loss

LENGTH: 226 words


[THE INVESTOR] Camera module maker LG Innotek's second-quarter operating profit
will likely miss the market consensus due to the lackluster sales performance of
its partners that include U.S.-based Apple and LG Electronics, according to an
investment report.

The Seoul-based LG Group affiliate is expected to post an operating loss of 20.4
billion won (US$17.4 million), far below the average of 10.8 billion won in
operating profit forecast by a group of investment firms, according to Hana
Financial Investment in its recent report.

LG Innotek's camera modules.

LG Innotek's second-quarter revenue will likely decline 10 percent, compared to
the preceding quarter, the report said.

Handset makers such as Apple and LG that LG Innotek supplies to have been seeing
sluggish sales of their respective phones, the iPhone and the G5.

However, analysts said LG Innotek will see its earnings soar in the latter half
of this year thanks to the anticipated supply of its dual-lens camera, as rumor
has it, to Apple.

"LG Innotek will gain growth momentum with the supply of its dual-lens cameras
in the second half this year. Its optical solution business' revenue in 2017 is
forecast to increase 11 percent compared to this year with its operating profit
jumping by 212 percent," said Kim Ro-ko, a Hana Financial Investment analyst.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

As we move into the unveiling of HTC 10, here is a roundup of things that you
should know before the smartphone gets announced, along with what the company
must do in order for it to succeed

LENGTH: 830  words


HTC 10 has a lot of hype being created about it, and rightly so, since it will
take the top spot against LG G5 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge as one of
the reigning Android smartphones of 2016. There are several features the device
is expected to come shipped with, and while we have knowledge regarding the
hardware specifications, we want to dive further into how HTC could make this
smartphone one of 2016's most desired ones.

HTC 10 hardware specification breakdown first

The thing with smartphones is that with a small number of high-end chipset
makers, it is relatively easy to tell what is going to be present inside
upcoming flagships like HTC 10. We know majority of manufacturers will opt for
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820. While Exynos 8890 is also a viable option, we have
never seen HTC create a partnership with Samsung for its mobile SoCs and we do
not end up seeing that in the foreseeable future as well.

Chipset and processor

That being said, HTC 10 will come with a Snapdragon 820. Processed under the
advanced 14nm FinFET technology, Snapdragon 820 might only feature a quad-core
processor, but Apple's dual-core chipsets are the perfect example why the number
of cores are not sufficient enough to justify a performance boost.

Snapdragon 820 will come running the following quad-core based on Qualcomm's
custom developed Kyro processor:

Dual-core 2.15GHz and dual-core 1.6GHz

Unlike some smartphone models out there (most notably Xiaomi Mi5), we do not
believe that HTC 10 will come in different processor models, because let us
honest, it confuses the average consumer and HTC will have a ton of unsold
inventory if it decides to release different models of the same handset.
Besides, the company is in a spot of bother right now, so upping its smartphone
sales would be the best course of action, which we believe would be to release a
single model running the processor at its highest possible frequency.

RAM and internal storage options

Complementing the processor is 4GB of RAM. This amount has become quite common
in expensive Android flagships, and HTC 10 will be looking to equal the amount
present in both Galaxy S6 and LG G5. While the software ultimately determines
how much RAM should be allocated to applications, having more of it eventually
leads to more freedom of control from your smartphone. You obviously want to
fire up apps constantly without feeling that the handset has slowed down due to
high RAM usage. For now, 4GB RAM is definitely the sweet spot for mobile devices
out there but optimizing the custom interface is also not a bad idea, which is a
topic we will get to right at the end.

With One M9, HTC limited the internal storage to 32GB, but it did feature a
microSD card slot with a capacity limit of 200GB. With the upcoming 10, internal
storage could be provided in two separate models; a 32GB one and a 64GB one,
while an external storage feature could be retained up to 200GB. This smartphone
could use the UFS 2.0 as being the standard for its internal storage. Universal
Flash Storage 2.0, or UFS 2.0, is faster than the eMMC (embedded memory card)
standard that was present in devices like Huawei Mate 8, and the image given
below properly summarizes the speed differences between the two standards.

In short, HTC 10's internal storage could be packing faster data transfer speeds
under its belt, but storage flexibility in a smartphone is a very important
feature that companies overlook often and for HTC's sake, we hope that they do
not lock the device down.

Screen size, resolution, battery capacity and other features

For the longest time ever, HTC has never gone beyond the 1080p mark in its
phones, but it is possible that with the announcement of 10, it could all change
very soon. HTC 10 could come with a 5.2 inch screen and a 1440p display. The
results would equal a very crisp display with a high PPI value that will look
absolutely stunning, if not for one major disadvantage, the battery life. QHD
displays rapidly decrease battery life and it is up to HTC to pack in a larger
battery inside its hood. Battery technology has not improved ever since the
introduction of lithium ion and polymer cells so the only ace up HTC's sleeve is
to pack in a larger cell for increased 'screen on' time.

With One M9 coming with a 2,840mAh battery, we are obviously expecting HTC to
deliver well on this front. Before we point this out, all the nay-sayers who
believe that decreasing the smartphone's overall thickness cannot possibly allow
the phone to house a larger battery. Well, to remove your doubt, Samsung did it
with its Galaxy S7. The high-end mobile phone features a 3,000mAh battery and is
400mAh higher than Galaxy S6, while being 1mm thinner. So if Samsung can make
these adjustments, then so can HTC.

1
2
3
4
5
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/146045994663.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/37/146045994870.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/39/146045995085.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/10/146045995255.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

LG K7 and K10 review: The new guys

LENGTH: 817  words

DATELINE: Bangalore


Bangalore, April 19 -- LG has always been a company that's looked to push the
boundaries of innovation. They brought Quad HD displays to smartphones with the
LG G3, experimented with the concept of a modular phone with this year's G5, and
even showcased a 98-inch 8K TV at CES this year. For a company with these
credentials, having an entry-level smartphone lineup consisting of the aging
Optimus L5 and L7 phones seems out of character. However, LG has addressed this
issue with the two new 4G LTE phones released last week: the K7 and K10.


 The new duo is generations ahead of the L series in almost every aspect. The
blocky designs have been replaced with smooth 2.5D arc glass in the front and a
gentle curve at the back, making the devices appear slimmer and much nicer to
hold. Both phones retain LG's signature control layout with power and volume
buttons at the back, which has been done away with in the top-end G5. While the
devices are made out of plastic, the K7 gets a brushed finish while the K10 has
a knotted design for the back panel, aiding looks and grip. At 5 inches and 5.3
inches respectively, both phones are almost similar in size and very easy to
handle.
 When it comes to day-to-day use, there is little that sets these phones apart.
They are even hard to tell apart, with virtually identical design choices. Both
phones run a slightly stripped down version of the fourth generation Optimus UI
seen on the G4. That said, the Optimus UI (running on top of Android 5.1.1 on
both phones) is still one of the most versatile interfaces, and both phones get
double tap to wake and sleep, a configurable bar of soft keys at the bottom,
which can be customised to include a button to drop down the notification drawer
or switch between SIMs, which are not hot-swappable. LG's Knock Code security
feature has also found its way to the phones and even the default keyboard can
be adjusted for size and colour, with the option of editing button
configurations. While the K7 does not feature auto-brightness, it has an option
to reduce screen brightness after a certain time of day to reduce eye strain.
Both phones have an Easy Mode in their UI that increases font and icon sizes,
includes a homescreen tab for favourite contacts and moves the app drawer from
plain sight. As these phones may end up in the hands of new smartphone owners,
this feature could come in useful for them to learn the ropes.
 The LG K7 and K10
 On the hardware front, there are a few small differences. The K7 gets a
Snapdragon 210 processor with 1.5 GB RAM and eight or 16 GB internal memory (our
review unit came with eight) and a 2,125mAh battery.
 The K10 gets bumped up to the better known Snapdragon 410 and has 2GB of RAM
and 16 GB internal memory with a slightly larger 2,300mAh battery. Both phones
have microSD support, though 32GB is the maximum you can hit. Display-wise, both
are a huge step up from the L series, with well-represented colours and decent
contrast, though even the higher-specced K10 makes do with a 720p display.
Sunlight legibility, while not stellar, is not as bad as some older LG devices.
 Both phones come with a screen protector, but they barely cover the screen and
the ill fit detracts from what are otherwise very good-looking phones.
Performance was smooth on both, with the K10 expectedly doing better under
multitasking. Regular users will be more than satisfied but those who like
installing a lot of apps should go for the K10 for the extra storage. Battery
life on the K7 was a little erratic, while the K10 can get you through a day's
usage unless really pushed hard. There is no quick charging option on either
phone.
 It is however, in the camera department that the narrow gulf between the two
widens. While the K7 makes do with 5MP cameras front and back, the K10 uses a
13MP rear shooter and 5MP front-facing one. The camera quality between the two
is significant enough - where the K7 produces slightly dull images into which
noise creeps in quite easily, the K10 performs better under most conditions.
However, the camera app itself features only the bare minimum, which is
surprising, considering LG makes some of the best cameraphones on the market,
such as the G4 and the V10.
 The K7 and K10 are sure to shore up LG's entry-level portfolio, but where the
company has made a mis-step is pricing. While both devices offer a hassle-free
experience, at Rs.9,500 for the K7 and 13,500 for the K10, LG may have a painted
a target on their backs in the highly competitive budget segment. The K10, which
is our recommendation between these two for obvious reasons, is directly up
against heavy hitters like the Moto G Turbo, LeEco Le 1S and the OnePlus X,
fresh from a price cut. LG has made two fine phones with the right feature set
for entry-level users, but unless the company considers a price correction, they
may find themselves armed with a knife in a gunfight.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      August 20, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Reliance Jio Extends 'Jio Preview Offer' To More Samsung and LG Phones!

BYLINE: Anand Karwa

LENGTH: 427  words


Reliance Jio is extending its preview offer to more devices now. Earlier the
offer was available only to flagship Samsung smartphones and HP users but now
the company has started offering its 'Jio Preview' offer to even the entry-level
Samsung phones and select LG smartphones.

Here is the full list of Samsung smartphone which are eligible for Jio Preview
Offer:

Samsung Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5, Galaxy A5 2016, Galaxy A5 Duos, Galaxy A7, Galaxy
A7 2016, Galaxy A8, Galaxy Alpha, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Grand Max, Galaxy J
max, Galaxy J1 Ace, Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J2 (2016), Galaxy
J2 Pro, Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5, Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy J7, Galaxy J7 (2016),
Galaxy K Zoom, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 5 Duos,
Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy Note Edge, Galaxy S 5 Plus, Galaxy S4, GALAXY S4 4G,
Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5 Neo, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy
S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Grand Prime, ON5, ON5 Pro, ON7, and ON7 Pro.

Reliance Jio Preview Offer Extended To LG Smartphones

Reliance Jio has also started offering its Jio Preview offer to select LG
smartphones which are K332 (K7 LTE), K520DY (Stylus 2), K520DY, H860 (LG G5),
K500I (X Screen), K535D (Stylus 2 Plus), LGH630D (G4 Stylus 4G), and LGH 442
(LGC70 Spirit LTE).

If you have one of the above listed Samsung or LG smartphone then follow the
below procedure for availing unlimited 4G internet, voice and video calls, SMS,
and free access to Jio Premium app under the Jio Preview offer:

* Install MyJio app from Google Play.

* Open MyJio app and tap on 'Get Jio SIM' on the top banner.

* Follow the on-screen instruction for generating the offer code.

* Take a screenshot of the offer code and take its printout.

* Visit your nearest Reliance Digital or Dx Mini store along with the required
documents (Original Proof of Address and its copy,Proof of Identity and its
copy, one passport size photograph), and the printout of the offer code to get a
Jio SIM.

* Please make sure that you carry the same handset from which you generated the
offer code with you.

* Follow the instructions given on this page for SIM activation.

We would not be surprised if this Reliance Jio preview offer is slowly extended
to other smartphone brands as well. We may soon see likes of Xiaomi, Lenovo,
LeEco and others in the mix as well.

Given the way Jio is approaching the market and grabbing market share - the
incumbent players will need to change their strategies (which we are already
seeing), if they want to contain the disruption Jio is causing in Indian telecom
market!

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

Apple catch-up causes jack flap;
iPhone 7

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 714 words


Apple has moved to close the technology gap between the iPhone and its Android
rivals, adding stereo speakers, water resistance, a new "rocketship" processor
and improving the camera in an effort to keep up with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy S7, Google's Nexus 6 and LG's G5.

At the company's yearly iPhone launch in San Francisco, an event that closed
with a performance by the the Australian singer-songwriter Sia, Apple officials
said they had made 10 major changes to the iPhone 6s to produce the iPhone 7,
while keeping the same basic design of the previous year's model. That's an
unusual step for the company, which tends to overhaul the design of its phones
every two years, but has stuck with the same basic design for three years
running.

Even so, some of the changes are major. As expected, the company has taken the
controversial step of removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7 to make way
for new stereo speakers, similar to the stereo speakers already found on Android
phones such as the Nexus 6.

It has also replaced the mechanical home button on the front of the phone with
an electronic one that mimics a mechanical button, opening the way for apps to
use the button as another form of user feedback. Such a button, based on work
Apple has done with the Apple Watch and with the trackpads on certain MacBooks,
is one of the few new features that doesn't already exist in the Android world.

And as expected, the larger version of the iPhone, known as the iPhone 7 Plus,
will come with two lenses built into its camera, one wide angle and one
telephoto. Aping the technology that LG introduced earlier in the year with its
G5 Android phone, the two lenses can work in concert, allowing users to
seamlessly zoom in and out of scenes, with the phone automatically selecting
which lens to use depending on the amount of zoom the user has selected.

Later this year the new 12-megapixel rear camera on the iPhone 7 Plus will also
use the two cameras to create a 3D depth map, which can be used to artificially
create a shallow depth of field where the subject of a photo is in sharp focus
and the background is out of focus, helping to emphasise the subject.

That's another feature which has been in a number of Android phones for several
years.

Removing the headphone jack from the iPhone 7, which was widely rumoured ahead
of the announcement, is bound to "tick off" a lot of customers, said Apple
co-founder Steve Wozniak in an interview with The Australian Financial Review
ahead of the launch.

With the headphone jack gone, the phone will come with a new pair of earbuds
that attach to the USB connector, known as the Lightning port. iPhone 7 owners
who wish to use existing headphones will have to use an adaptor that connects a
3.5-millimetre headphone jack to the Lightning port. And because the port is
also used to charge the phone, it may not be possible to use plugged-in
headphones at the same time.

Apple officials described their move as "courageous", while deriding headphone
jacks as "ancient" technology. To help ease the pain associated with the removal
of the headphone jack, Apple also announced a pair of wireless headphones known
as the AirPods that work with the iPhone.

The earphones, which will operate over Bluetooth and feature built-in noise
cancellation, will have a five-hour battery life, and will be stored in a case
that can recharge them for up to 24 hours of usage. The AirPods will sell for
$229 when they go on sale in Australia in late October.

Meanwhile, a new processor in the iPhone 7, known as the A10 Fusion chip, will
use a "big/little" core design (something already common on Android phones),
which will employ two power-efficient cores for simple tasks, and two, more
powerful, cores for more demanding tasks, extending the phone's battery life.
Apple said the high-performance cores would be up to twice as fast as the
processor in the iPhone 6, and that the two high-efficiency ones would run at
just one-fifth the power of the high-performance cores.

The new phone will come in the colours silver, gold, rose gold, black and jet
black.

Pre-orders for the phone will begin on September 9, with prices starting at
$1079 for the 32-gigabyte model of the iPhone and $1269 for the iPhone 7 Plus.

The phone will be available on September 16.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple chief executive Tim Cook shows performer Maddie Ziegler
the iPhone 7 at the San Francisco event. PHOTO: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

Phones That Will Please Pop

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 409  words


Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous, larger curved screen and larger
battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is something
special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $599 to $799.99

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

iPhone 6S Plus

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus. And it has slightly better
battery life, a bigger higher resolution screen, and optical image stabilization
for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $599.00 to $1,149.96

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

LG G5

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The LG G5's unique modular design lets you swap in fun accessories. It
has (two!) great rear cameras, expandable storage and a replaceable battery - a
rarity in high-end phones.

The bad: Although you can swap out some parts, there aren't enough to make this
feature compelling. You can access the phone's app drawer only in a specialized
theme.

The cost: $624 to $727.22

The bottom line: This is the phone to get if you want a removable battery, but
it fails to live up to its world-changing Swiss Army knife potential.

Google Nexus 6P

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: One of the first two Android 6.0 phones, Google's metal Nexus 6P has a
sharp, high-resolution screen and a solid camera, an accurate fingerprint
reader, loud speakers and works with every major carrier. Its lower cost makes
it a good top-tier value buy.

The bad: It's big, a bit boxy and top-heavy, the fingerprint reader's position
isn't always convenient and the 6P ditches the wireless charging of previous
models.

The cost: $498.89 to $499.99

The bottom line: The Nexus 6P doesn't have the most inspiring design, but when
it comes to hardware prowess, value for money and Google extras, this best-ever
Nexus is hard to beat.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG OLEDTV wins big at EISA Awards for 5th consecutive year

LENGTH: 263  words


FOR the fifth consecutive year, LG Electronics' LGOLED TV was once again named
the best high-end TV in Europe by the European Imaging and Sound Association
(EISA). The EISA Awards is decided annually by a panel of experts from 50
multimedia magazines from 20 European countries who evaluates innovative
products for their technological capabilities, design and innovation.

As the European High-End TV Award winner, LG Signature OLED TV (model 65G6) was
cited as being "truly state-of-the-art" by the judges who were impressed by its
ability to deliver perfect black for an incredible picture. The jury also
commended LG Signature OLED TV for its support of both HDR 10 and Dolby Vision.

"We are honored to receive EISA's most prestigious award for the fifth
consecutive year and every award is just as rewarding as the previous one," said
Brian Kwon, president of the LG Home Entertainment Company at LG Electronics.
"This recognition confirms our belief that LG Signature OLED TV is an
outstanding feat of engineering with breathtaking picture clarity and
revolutionary design."

Another LG TV, LG UH770V SUPER UHD TV, was recognized with the European Smart TV
Award for its impressive picture quality as well as for its intuitive webOS 3.0
user interface. LG's mobile division also landed an award for its LG G5
smartphone, which received the European Mobile Innovation Award for its modular
type design and full metal uni-body. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/58/147194122629.jpg

LG OLED TV's picture quality, design and smart interface once again impresses
European judges

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  Arab Finance

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

LG Egypt celebrates launching a range of new products in Egypt

LENGTH: 267  words


Cairo : LG Electronics Egypt (LGEE) unveiled the company's latest range of
products that has been recently introduced to the Egyptian market in a special
event held at the Dusit Thani Hotel with the attendance of LG's top dealers and
business partners in Egypt. The new products include LG's latest technologies in
home entertainment, appliances, televisions, air conditions and mobiles.



The new LG home appliances included a wide range of refrigerators, washing
machines, vacuum cleaners, dish washers and microwave ovens. The 14 new LG home
appliances introduced to the Egyptian market were carefully selected to suit the
Egyptian consumer by being smart, efficient, power and time saving. On the other
hand, LG also launched six new air-condition models.

LG also introduced 13 new television models to the Egyptian market with
different technologies including LED, UHD and OLED. LG has recently launched the
all-new LG OLED technology in Egypt which delivers the best picture quality
imaginable that shows the purest blacks, most brilliant colors and clearest
images.

Finally, LG launched seven new smartphone models to the Egyptian market
including the G3 Single, G4, G4 Style, G5, LG-V10, K10 and PH1-Stylus 2,
bringing LG's latest mobile technologies to the Egyptian consumers.

In his speech during the event, LG Egypt's Managing Director Mr. Don Kwack said:
"We are very happy to be launching a new range of our world-class products to
the Egyptian market and we are looking forward to expanding our manufacturing
operations in the country soon with our upcoming washing machine production
line".

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 598


                 Copyright 2016 Arab Finance Brokerage Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Meet the smart cover for the LG phone that doesn't yet exist

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 105 words


LG's latest flagship phone, the G5 won't be revealed until February 21, however,
the company isn't letting that get in the way of showing off its accessories.

The LG Quick Cover has a semi-transparent mesh front that protects the handset's
display. However, it still allows the user to view important information, such
as time and date via a window and, impressively, to take or drop calls just by
touching the cover.

LG hasn't revealed much about what to expect from its latest phone other than it
will have an "always on" display. We'll have to wait until its official press
conference at the Mobile World Congress to find out more.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

LG announces LG Stylus 2

LENGTH: 209  words


By tbreak Staff -

LG simple can't wait to show off their new smartphones at this year's MWC.
Shortly after announcing that LG will be releasing the LG X Cam and LG X Screen,
the Korean company has announced the LG Stylus 2, a sequel to the popular LG G4
Stylus, or the G4 Stylo.

This variation of the LG G4 sacrificed the top notch camera of the G4, but in
turn bumped the screen size up from 5.5 inches to 5.7 inches, and included a
stylus for note taking and doodles. The sequel, the LG Stylus 2, comes with the
same 5.7 inch display and a 13MP camera on the back and an 8MP camera on the
front. However, the new version will be smaller than its predecessor, being only
7.4mm thick and weighing just 145g.

The stylus in the LG Stylus 2 will be thinner, and have a nano-coated tip
fitted. According to the company, this nano-coating, "not only gives a real
pen-like feel," but also "allows for more accuracy when note taking and drawing
compared to a rubber-tipped pen." Once the stylus is removed, the screen
automatically shows a Pen Pop menu, with shortcuts for memo writing or scanning
apps.

The LG Stylus 2 will be revealed at the MWC next week along with the LG G5 and
the LG X Cam and LG X Screen.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/10/145570087025.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 147 words


The HTC Vive is coming, the Oculus has already been taking preorders for weeks
and the Samsung Gear VR was made available last year. So where does that leave
other mobile companies? If you're LG, it leaves you developing your own headset.
The LG 360 VR headset is part Gear, part Vive inspired. On the one hand, it uses
the smartphone for VR content, similar to the Gear; but like the Vive, it has
its own display, making it a more lightweight offering than the Gear. That's
where things end though and the LG 360 goes its own way. It's a much more
compact headset than any of the ones being offered, which has the advantage of
make it more lightweight but the downside to that is that it doesn't feel quite
as effective at sealing off the real world.

It works with the LG G5, tethering it to the phone through a USB-C cable,
meaning you'll need to invest in LG's brand new phone, too.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics posts big jump in Q2 profit on strong sales of home appliances '

LENGTH: 192 words


LG Electronics Inc. posted its biggest quarterly operating profit in two years
for the second quarter of this year, backed by strong sales of its home
appliances and televisions.

LG Electronics reported an operating profit of 584.6 billion won ($519.6
million) in the April-June period, up 139.5 percent from the same quarter last
year.

Second-quarter sales grew 0.5 percent on year to 14 trillion won, LG Electronics
said in a regulatory filing on Thursday. It did not provide net profit figures.

The big jump in LG Electronics' quarterly operating profit came after solid
sales of the company's premium refrigerators and high-end televisions.

LG Electronics' home-appliance division posted an operating profit of 433.7
billion won for the second quarter.

"With an improved product portfolio and cost structure, the business unit was
able to achieve an operating margin of more than 9 percent," LG Electronics said
in a statement.

However, LG Electronics' smartphone division reported an operating loss of 153.5
billion won because of "increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow
initial sales of the G5 smartphone," according to the statement. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 21, 2016 Sunday

Camera boost, virtual reality in new Samsung, LG gadgets

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 959 words


By ANICK JESDANUN and JOSEPH WILSON

Associated Press

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) -- To revive interest in smartphones, Samsung and LG are
improving their cameras and embracing the nascent world of virtual reality.

Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg joined Samsung at the Mobile World Congress show in
Barcelona, Spain, to announce that their companies are teaming up to push VR in
mobile phones and social networking.

Virtual reality "is now mainly used for gaming, but that is quickly changing,"
Zuckerberg said. "That is why Facebook is investing so much in VR, so we can
deliver these social experiences."

Samsung's new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge promise better photos under low-light
conditions, in part with sensors that capture more light. Both will work with
the $100 Gear VR headset that Samsung released last fall. And Samsung will now
make a 360-degree camera for everyday folks to capture and share VR images.

VR is still in its early days, with much of the interest coming from hard-core
gamers and tech pioneers. Samsung wants to make it easier for everyday people to
create VR videos -- so that friends will buy VR headsets to view them.

LG will also have its own VR headset and 360-degree camera, while the main
camera on its upcoming G5 smartphone will have two lenses -- one for standard
shots, and another with a wider angle to capture more of what's in front of you.

Sunday's announcements at the Barcelona show come as worldwide smartphone growth
has slowed, particularly for high-end devices such as Samsung's S and LG's G
series. Many consumers have turned to lower-cost Android devices that sport
features considered top of the line just a few years ago.

Phone makers used to guarantee upgrades by making phones bigger and bigger --
but phones can't get much bigger for one-handed use. In fact, the new LG phone
is shrinking to 5.3 inches, from 5.5 inches last year. Samsung's Edge is getting
bigger, at 5.5 inches, but because the sides curve like a waterfall, the phone
won't be much wider. The main S7 model is staying constant at 5.1 inches.

With size out of the equation, phone makers have to innovate elsewhere.

"Their problem is that phones from two to three years ago are still in use,"
said Ian Fogg, head of mobile analysis at IHS Technology. "VR is essential. It
is a smartphone-industry initiative to drive consumers to upgrade."

That's been particularly important for Samsung, as its chief rival, Apple,
largely matched Samsung on size, while boosting the iPhone camera's resolution
to 12 megapixels from 8. The iPhone has also gotten better at low-light shots,
even surpassing some stand-alone, point-and-shoot cameras in performance.

"Having seen everything the smartphone can deliver, at Samsung we have other
ideas," said D.J. Koh, the head of Samsung's mobile business.

In a few months, Samsung will start selling its Gear 360 camera, a device with
front and back lenses to stitch together 360-degree videos for VR devices and
apps. Samsung phones will come with apps for viewing those videos on the Gear VR
and sharing them with friends.

Samsung's phones will see improvements, too, particularly in the camera.

Realizing that the megapixel count alone doesn't necessarily translate to
quality images, Samsung is reducing resolution in the new phones to 12
megapixels from 18. That allows individual pixels on the sensors to be larger,
thus capturing more light. The new cameras also allow the camera's aperture to
open wider, letting in more light. Together, the shutter needs to stay open for
a shorter time, reducing the blurring that sometimes mars indoor and night
shots.

Samsung also says its new phones will have a faster focus, which it says will
improve performance at low light.

And for the selfie camera, Samsung is turning the screen into a flash, similar
to what Apple introduced last fall.

Samsung is restoring the ability to add storage, but the battery won't be
replaceable by users, something Samsung had allowed before last year. Instead,
Samsung is increasing the battery capacity in both models, though the Edge's
larger screen and other new features in both models, including an always-on
mode, will sip away power.

The new phones will start shipping March 11, with advance orders to begin this
week. In some markets, including the U.S., Samsung is including a Gear VR
headset for free to those who order ahead of time. Prices will vary by carrier
and region. In the U.S., AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile are offering the regular
version for $650 to $695 and the Edge version for about $100 more. Verizon
hasn't announced prices yet.

LG, meanwhile, designed the LG 360 VR headset to work with an LG smartphone
that's attached by a cable. With Samsung's VR device, the smartphone is inserted
at eye level and becomes the headset's display, increasing the weight on the
head. LG's version has built-in, lighter displays in the headset's eyepieces.

For the G5 phone, an optional attachment will function as a camera grip with
physical buttons to take shots and control video recording. It's part of LG's
new modular approach to design; you'll be able to pop out the phone's bottom and
swap in new hardware features.

Prices and release dates for the LG phone and accessories from both companies
have yet to be announced, though the LG phone is expected in the U.S. in April.

Neither VR system will be as powerful as full-fledged VR devices coming this
year. HTC said Sunday that a consumer version of the Vive will start selling in
early April for $799, with ordering to begin Feb. 29. A personal computer is
required and sold separately.

VR isn't limited to high-end devices: On Saturday, Alcatel announced a mid-range
Idol 4S -- with packaging that can be folded into VR headset.

------

AP Technology Writer Anick Jesdanun reported from New York.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No Published Caption Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics to announce earnings guidance on July 8

LENGTH: 128 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics is expected to announce its second-quarter
earnings guidance on July 8.

Local analysts estimate the company's operating profit to stand at about 594.7
billion won (US$517 million).

The Korean tech giant started releasing its quarterly earnings guidance since
the first quarter this year.

LG Electronics' Seoul headquarters

Analyst say that despite the lukewarm sales of its flagship smartphone G5, the
company's robust TV and appliance sales could make up for the operating loss of
its mobile business division.

The mobile division last week announced a structural revamp to pour more
resources into more lucrative premium smartphones. LG is expected to suffer more
than 100 billion won in operating loss in its smartphone business.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Android virus to affect 900 million phones

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Aug. 8 -- BlackBerry Priv

Blackphone 1 and Blackphone 2

Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P

HTC One, HTC M9 and HTC 10

LG G4, LG G5, and LG V10

New Moto X by Motorola

OnePlus One, OnePlus 2 and OnePlus 3

US versions of the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung S7 Edge

Sony Xperia Z Ultra

Shaulov said six months of work to reverse engineer Qualcomm's code revealed the
problems.

The flaws were found in software that handles graphics and in code that controls
communication between different processes running inside a phone.

Exploiting the bugs would allow an attacker to gradually be able to take more
control over a device and gain access to its data.

Checkpoint handed information about the bugs and proof of concept code to
Qualcomm earlier this year.

In response, Qualcomm is believed to have created patches for the bugs and
started to use the fixed versions in its factories.

It also distributed the patches to phone makers and operators. However, it is
not clear how many of those companies have issued updates to customers' phones.

Checkpoint has created a free app called QuadRooter Scanner that can be used to
check if a phone is vulnerable to any of the bugs, by looking to see if the
patches for them have been downloaded and installed.

In addition, Shaulov said Android owners should only download apps from the
official Google Play store to avoid falling victim to malicious programs.

"People should call whoever sold them their phone, their operator or the
manufacturer, and beg them for the patches," said Shaulov.

Qualcomm has yet to respond to a request for comment, according to news
agencies.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

LG's new robot a big step in security

BYLINE:  EMILY DAVIES

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 261 words


LONDON: Anyone who has seen the new Star Wars film might think the latest gadget
from LG is straight from the movie set. But while the Rolling Bot from the
cellphone maker may resemble the loveable Star Wars BB-8 droid, it is no toy.

LG insists the spherical robot (pictured) has a serious purpose: home security.
The ball's onboard camera can transmit live pictures to a cellphone app, which
is also used to guide it around the house, so homeowners can see what is going
on at their property while they are away. Revealed at the Mobile World Congress
in Barcelona, the bot links to LG's latest phone - the G5 - via a wireless
internet connection. It will eventually be compatible with other phones.

It is fitted with a speaker and a laser, which is solely to be used as a toy for
entertaining pets. The product will be released later this year, but a price has
yet to be announced.

Elsewhere at the conference was Samsung's latest foray into the internet of
things - a term for household devices designed to communicate with each other.

The tech giant revealed its Family Hub refrigerator, which will be able to
detect when a family has run out of milk and will learn whether they prefer
full-fat or semi-skimmed. The smart fridge uses internal cameras and sensors to
suss out what produce needs replenishing. It then sends a message to a large
touch screen on the door of the fridge, and this can be connected to online
grocers, enabling families to press a button to stock up on essentials direct
from the appliance by using online home delivery services. - Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

LG G6 might take a page out of the Note7's book

LENGTH: 210  words


Keep your eyes on the prize

Sure the Samsung Note7 is no longer in the market, but looks like some of its
features may make it to other devices. This time it is the iris scanner feature,
which might be seen in the upcoming LG G6.

Recent rumors suggest that LG's upcoming flagship, the LG G6 might come with a
built in iris scanner. Reports suggest that LG Innotek, the components wing of
LG, is currently working on an iris recognition module. Although this does not
mean the feature could come to the G6, the chances are high especially since the
G5 didnt have it and this would be a way to one-up the predecessor.

The function might be the same, but the module might be a bit different when
compared to the module seen on the Note7. The one on the Note7 packed an iris
scanner that relied on a dedicated camera to cast a gaze over the user's eyes as
well a separate selfie snapper. On the other hand LG's design will fuse two
components into one, with a filter calling up one function over the other, thus
saving space resulting in a slimmer, sleek phone.

We still dont know when the LG G6 will come out to customers, but a launch in
April 2017 is a safe bet. There are chances it can be priced around $650.

Source

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/72/147808608871.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG introduces Jio preview offer with its 4G smartphones

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


South Korean smartphone maker LG has partnered with Reliance Jio Infocomm
Limited to make the Jio preview offer available with all its 4G VoLTE smartphone
users. The offer is applicable on the following LG smartphones -- G5, K10, K7,
X-Screen, Stylus 2 Plus, Stylus 2, X-Cam, G4, Spirit LTE, G4 Stylus 4G & Nexus
5X.LG users will be able to access complimentary unlimited HD voice, Video
calling, SMS, High speed data and Jio Apps for a period of 90 days from the date
of activation of the Jio sim as per the specified procedure.Speaking about the
same, Amit Gujral, head of marketing, LG Mobiles India said, "We are excited to
partner with Reliance Jio to bring the Jio preview offer for our customers. At
LG, we have always believed in offering a great product to our consumers and
this partnership further underscores our commitment to Indian consumers for a
seamless and exciting experience on hardware, software and services. We are sure
that our consumers will enjoy the HD voice, video calling and high speed data
experience that they will experience as a part of this offer."Recently, Airtel
announced that it will be offering 10GB 4G data at the price of 1GB to customers
who purchase any of Samsung 's Galaxy J series of smartphones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

LG introduces Jio preview offer with its 4G smartphones

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 213 words


South Korean smartphone maker LG has partnered with Reliance Jio Infocomm
Limited to make the Jio preview offer available with all its 4G VoLTE smartphone
users. The offer is applicable on the following LG smartphones -- G5, K10, K7,
X-Screen, Stylus 2 Plus, Stylus 2, X-Cam, G4, Spirit LTE, G4 Stylus 4G & Nexus
5X.LG users will be able to access complimentary unlimited HD voice, Video
calling, SMS, High speed data and Jio Apps for a period of 90 days from the date
of activation of the Jio sim as per the specified procedure.Speaking about the
same, Amit Gujral, head of marketing, LG Mobiles India said, "We are excited to
partner with Reliance Jio to bring the Jio preview offer for our customers. At
LG, we have always believed in offering a great product to our consumers and
this partnership further underscores our commitment to Indian consumers for a
seamless and exciting experience on hardware, software and services. We are sure
that our consumers will enjoy the HD voice, video calling and high speed data
experience that they will experience as a part of this offer."Recently, Airtel
announced that it will be offering 10GB 4G data at the price of 1GB to customers
who purchase any of Samsung 's Galaxy J series of smartphones.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

LG Electronics to showcase pen-equipped smartphone at MWC '

LENGTH: 227 words


LG Electronics Inc. said Tuesday it will showcase a new pen-equipped smartphone
at next week's Mobile World Congress (MWC) in a bid to diversify its
non-flagship models and attract a wider scope of users.

The LG Stylus 2 smartphone, to be unveiled at the world's biggest tech show,
will come with a pen that has a cloth tip, providing an almost-real writing
experience to users, along with convenient menus and note-related features to go
along with the pen, LG said.

The MWC is slated to kick off in Barcelona next Monday for a four-day run,
showcasing the latest mobile devices and technologies.

The smartphone also comes with a 5.7-inch screen and weighs around 145 grams. It
has 13 and 8 megapixel cameras and a 3,000 mAh battery.

The device will hit shelves in South Korea next month and gradually expand to
other markets including North America and Europe.

LG Electronics aims to revitalize its ailing smartphone business by introducing
the flagship G5 smartphone in Barcelona.

The company also said earlier this week that it will showcase two budget
smartphones at the event, each boasting high-end features like dual screens or
three cameras.

LG's mobile business posted an operating loss of 43.8 billion won (US$36
million) in the fourth quarter last year, continuing its sluggish performance
after the loss of 77.6 billion won posted a quarter earlier. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Tech talk: Mobile phone market in need of new sluggers at bat

BYLINE: Gatehouse News Service

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 655  words


If there was ever a time for the bad news bears of the smartphone industry --
Motorola, LG and HTC -- to get some runs on the board, it certainly is now.

After some bad errors by perennial sluggers Apple and Samsung, one with a yawner
of a new release and the other with a new release featuring literal fireworks,
the bottom dwellers are just a swing and a hit away from getting some much
needed runs on the board if they can quickly push some solid devices to market.

Buyers finally might be willing to look past top-shelf devices like the iPhone
and Galaxy Note after a round of wicked bad press. Apple just released its
iPhone 7 that to many seems like a step backwards with the removal of the
headphone jack. Fans of the biggest iFranchise device consistently clamor for
revolutionary new iPhones but generally only get evolutionary upgrades. To some,
the iPhone 7, with the lack of any real design upgrades, represents the first
new iPhone to have "neverlutionary" upgrades. Where Samsung could have taken
Apple's underhanded pitch and rocketed one out of the park but instead released
a franchise device of their own that has a problem with batteries catching fire
or even exploding. I'm not sure Molotov cocktail was on the list of features
Android fans have been asking for.

The questions becomes this: what is the best device not named Apple or Samsung?
To be honest, the aforementioned all-stars have been so good and racked in so
much of the profit shares, literally more than 100 percent, that they have
lapped the competitors.

Putting that aside, the first device I would consider is the forthcoming Google
Nexus Pixel/Pixel XL that is expected to be announced early next month. Its
biggest feature, a pure Android experience, actually negates Android's biggest
downfall and that is manufacturers who take Android and muddle it up or sell it
out with bloatware. Since the device has yet to be officially announced much of
what is known is still speculative. What you can expect is a device similar in
specs to the iPhone 7 but with perhaps a welcomed price break. Much of the
hardware is expected to be produced by HTC or possibly Huawei.

When you say Motorola, you once were saying Google -- but now you are saying
Lenovo. The longtime electronics maker brings a few new tricks up its sleeve
with the Moto Z and Moto Z Force that accept what the refer to as Moto Mods.
Through the use of magnets on the back of the device you can add an external
battery, speaker or a projector with potentially more mods in the pipeline. The
Moto Zs are no slouch on the spec side with great Quad HD AMOLED displays and a
super thin frame.

I have a nostalgic affection for HTC, which was the manufacturer of my first
smartphone. They've always designed great devices with rich features but somehow
got squeezed out of the market by Samsung and have seemingly been a bad device
or two away from ceasing to exist. HTC needed a great device and many consider
the new HTC 10 to be just that. The design is forward thinking in an almost
Apple-esque manner. The specs are in step with competitors and you can even buy
an unaltered pure Android experience through HTC.

The device that tends to peak my in-store sniff test is the LG G5. I'm drawn to
the beautiful display and dumbfounded at how such a large device can feel so
small in your hands. If HTC is the copycat iPhone, LG is certainly modeling its
devices after Samsung. The G5 features a modular design that allows for an
easily swap of batteries and even the addition of a grip for more comfortable
picture taking.

Is there a Louisville Slugger in the bunch of third-tier devices? Probably not.
But are there great devices that put pressure on Apple and Samsung to do better?
You bet.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Ten top product picks from CES 2016

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 718 words


Each year, the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) -- which runs through January 9
in Las Vegas -- plays host to a multitude of innovative new high-tech gadgets.
Here's a rundown of the top 10 hottest products from this year's show.

Fitbit Blaze
Fitness-tracker specialist Fitbit was on-hand in Vegas to present its latest
smartwatch. The Blaze is a particularly stylish model that stands out from the
rest of the firm's range with a look reminiscent of the Apple Watch and a color
LCD. The Fitbit Blaze is announced at $199.95 or [#x20ac]229.95 and is expected
to ship in March 2016.

Logbar iLi
Japanese start-up Logbar presented iLi, a compact wearable device that can
translate any sentence spoken into its microphone into one of three languages
then deliver it back through an onboard speaker -- no Internet connection
required. As yet, the device only works with English, Japanese and Chinese.
French, Thai and Korean should follow soon. Release dates are yet to be
announced.

LG Signature G6
South Korean manufacturer LG has caused something of a stir with its G6, a
77-inch 4K TV with an OLED screen that's just 2.57mm thick. Note that LG has
65-inch and 55-inch (LG G5) models on show at CES too. The Signature G6 is due
out in March 2016.

Tech-No-Logic OneCook
This prototype is essentially a robotic personal chef that can rustle up a whole
host of dishes from ingredients that slot into the device in compartments,
almost like printer cartridges. New recipes can be downloaded and automatically
cooked by the robot at the correct temperature and for the right amount of time.

D-Vine

The D-Vine is a wine-tasting machine that can serve a glass of wine at exactly
the right temperature in just a few seconds. Like a Nespresso-machine of the
wine world, the D-Vine serves each glass from a cartridge-style wine pod that
slots into the machine. A rinse cycle flushes out any residue with water between
each glass served. The D-Vine will start shipping in January priced
[#x20ac]499-699 ($550-760) depending on the model. Note that creator 10-Vins won
the "Best Startup" award at this year's show.

OhMiBod Lovelife krush
Smart-vibrator maker OhMiBod presented the Lovelife krush, a gadget designed to
help strengthen the pelvic floor muscles, which can become weakened during
pregnancy or simply with age. After each exercise, onboard sensors capture and
send information to a smartphone app that logs the data. The Lovelife krush is
due out in spring 2016.

Panasonic DMP-UB900
The world's first UHD (Ultra-High Definition) Blu-ray players were officially
launched at this year's CES, including the Panasonic DMP-UB900. This is
compatible with current Blu-ray discs and DVDs, and features an onboard
upscaling function -- although movies on lower-res discs won't be rendered with
the same razor-sharp level of detail as films actually encoded in UHD. The UB900
is 'smart' too, with Wi-Fi connectivity and an onboard web browser. The
Panasonic DMP-UB900 is slated for release in Europe in spring 2016.

Parrot Disco
French drone-maker Parrot has presented a new model with a minimalist, bird-like
design, inspired by and at one with nature. This flying gadget has an
ultra-light build (700g) but still manages to pack in several sensors and a
front-facing video camera. The drone promises flight speeds of up to 80km/h
(approx. 50 mph). Price and release dates are yet to be confirmed.

Fisher Price Code-A-Pillar
Fisher Price was at CES presenting a robot caterpillar designed to teach the
basics of coding to kids aged three and up. Each of the bug's eight segments
programs it to move in a different way. When switched on, the caterpillar runs
through all the commands in order to move in a specific sequence. Kids can
modify this sequence by rearranging the order of the segments, teaching them
similar skills to those required for computer coding. Code-A-Pillar will launch
in the USA in summer 2016 priced at $49.99 (approx. [#x20ac]46).

Oculus Rift
This isn't the first time that the Oculus Rift has been previewed, but the big
news from CES 2016 is that it's available to pre-order for $599 in the US or
[#x20ac]699 in Europe. The headset is a reference in the field of virtual
reality and features two adjustable AMOLED screens, a microphone and an
integrated audio system with detachable headphones. The Oculus Rift will start
shipping in Q1 2016.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       August 26, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG Launches X Cam In India With A Dual Camera Setup

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 283  words


According to claims, the new LG X Cam is capable of capturing 53 per cent more
area than most of the smartphone cameras.

LG has recently announced the launch of its new smartphone dubbed, LG X Cam in
India. The smartphone features a dual camera with a 120-degree wide angle lens
(13 MP standard angle lens and the 5MP wide angle lens) is claimed to deliver a
wide field of view, while capturing 53 per cent more area than traditional
cameras on smartphones.

The X cam offers Pop-out Picture feature which combines the two images taken
with the standard and wide angle lenses to create a picture-in-a-frame effect.
Available only on the X cam & Panorama View automatically scrolls a wide image
instead of a static image and the Signature feature allows users to add a
caption or byline after taking a photo.

Amit Gujral, Marketing Head - Mobiles, LG India said, "With X Cam, we are giving
consumers a Dual camera smartphone at a reasonable price point. We are sure that
the Indian consumers will like the very rare in smartphones, 'wide angle'
feature, something that has been inherited from our premium smartphone LG G5.
This 'wide angle' photography would be a unique experience in this segment and
consumers shall surely embrace this new experience, which otherwise is possible
only with nature gifted eyes."

LG X Screen will be priced in India at Rs. 19,990 and will be available from
today across stores in India.

Speaking about other specifications, the new X Cam comes with a 5.2 inch FHD
display, while being powered by a 1.14 GHz octa core processor, 8 MP front
camera, 2 GB RAM and 16 GB internal storage.

The smartphone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow while being backed by a 2,520 mAh
battery.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       June 2, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

LG Plans to Bring Affordable Smartphones to India

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 242  words


There is definitely no point in bringing affordable smartphones with no
competitive features.. So, prepare well LG!

The recently launched LG's flagship smartphone G5 comes with a price tag of
whopping Rs 52,990. While we may start dreaming about the smartphone, the only
question that sparks is - Is there a market for such costly smartphones in
India?

Well, the answer is definitely subjective. However, LG seems to have decided
that they would be bringing more affordable smartphones this year in India.

Adding more on this, the company has announced to launch 5 - 6 smartphones under
Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000 price ranges. According to a recent story on India
Today, LG Electronics India MD Ki Wan Kim has informed PTI that the company is
studying various segments and will launch affordable smartphones at first, and
based on the response they get, the company would be planning for future
smartphones designed for Indian consumers.

Having said this, India is definitely a country where we can see affordable
devices with almost every person in every city. Also, with a lot of competitors
like Xiaomi and Huawei bringing in cheaper smartphones with mind boggling
features, we feel LG should definitely start concentrating more on budget
devices, rather just testing the segment!

However, if everything goes well as per the company's announcements and plans,
we can have more smartphones to select from an already available huge plethora
of budget devices!

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              QWeekend (Brisbane)

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday
                                QWeekend Edition

CHIP OFF THE OLD BLOCKS

BYLINE: JENNIFER DUDLEY-NICHOLSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 829 words


It's difficult to say whether Australians will embrace mix and match phone
hardware The concept of modular smartphones has been dialled up a notch, with
some big players set to launch their offerings Frustrated with your phone
camera? Need a bigger battery or a fingerprint scanner? The latest tech trend
could let you swap boring or broken parts of your smarthone for better features,
fitting them into the handset like Lego bricks. You could, essentially, build
your own smartphone.

Google first investigated the concept back in 2012, and briefly showed off a
working example of its Project Ara phone last year. This year it promises to
launch the end result of what the industry now calls modular phones. Google's
Lego-like phone is based around a metal endoskeleton with openings to slide in
different blocks - a camera, battery, processor and RAM, fingerprint sensor, and
so on.

In the demonstration, Google ATAP engineer Rafa Camargo installed a new camera
to the phone without even turning it off. Project Ara's website has recently
been redesigned, and two design patents awarded, fuelling speculation Google
will reveal the finished phone at its annual developers conference in May. But
Australians will be able to get their hands on a customisable smartphone before
Google's offering appears. LG will reveal details of its upgradeable phone in
Australia next week, with Telstra confirming it will sell the G5 at launch. The
metal-bodied Google Android smartphone looks like any other but can be
transformed with accessories.

Pressing a button at the bottom of the phone releases its battery and lets users
install a Cam Plus module, for example. It adds a physical shutter button,
camera grip, and extra battery pack to the phone.

Other additions include Hi-Fi Plus, created with Bang & Olufsen, that acts as a
digital-to-analogue audio player for better quality sound. A future accessory
will deliver controls for a connected Parrot drone. LG Australia mobile
communications general manager Gino Casha says "the sky is the limit" for future
G5 add-ons, and the company is "now talking to parties overseas" about what
accessories will come next.

"It came about because we wanted to produce a metal phone with a removable
battery. That is something consumers said they wanted," he says.

But the addition of modules you can add and subtract from the phone will make
the device stand out, Casha says, and deliver upgrades to users without forcing
them to buy -another phone.

Other modular phones include the still-in-development PuzzlePhone, and the $780
Fairphone 2 that recently began shipping. The Amsterdam-based company dubs its
Fairphone "the smartphone with social values," as it's designed to -improve the
"repairability" and longevity of mobile devices. Its parts can be easily removed
and installed with a -screwdriver.

Consultancy firm Telsyte's managing director Foad Fadaghi says it's "difficult
to say" whether Australians will embrace mix and match phone hardware, even
though users tend to upgrade smartphones often to get new features.

"It will really depend on what the price of the upgrades are," Fadaghi says. He
says LG's modular phone could make it stand out from the pack, however, which it
needs to do to take on the might of Apple and Samsung.

BlackBerry PRIV$995, optus.com.au Finally, BlackBerry has a comeback device
worth investigating. The PRIV smartphone runs Google Android software for the
first time and its hardware packs in an 18-megapixel camera, a crisp, 5.4-inch
touchscreen, and a four-row keyboard that slides from beneath it. The keyboard
also doubles as a touchpad. This phone's keys could be deeper, and the camera is
a little slow, but in-depth app controls, regular security updates, and
convenient access to notifications make this BlackBerry phone refreshing.

OtterBox Symmetry Series Crystal Edition $199.95, otterbox.asia Tough cases do
not normally look like they've rolled around the floor of the Swarovski factory.
This new-release OtterBox case for the Apple iPhone 6 and 6S is the exception,
with a faceted crystal-paved rear panel that picks up the light and shines it
right back into the eyes of the beholder. The understated dual-material interior
protects its charge from impacts, and an adhesive glass screen protector is
bundled with the case. OtterBox says its testing now includes exposure to hand
lotion, make-up, jeans pockets, and sweat.

Acorns AU iOS/Android, free This financial app is finally available in
Australia. Acorns can be set to automatically round up each transaction you make
from a linked credit or debit card to $1, and transfer the spare change into one
of five investment portfolios. Users can make regular investments or add cash,
estimate future returns, and track their fund. With bank-level security, you
must enter a lot of personal details, and it costs $1.25 per month for balances
up to $5000, but it's fascinating to watch your virtual cash grow or drop.

topGADGET Technology TOPAPP topchoice

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday

Smartphone market still booms at top trade show

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi, Press Association Technology Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 343 words


SMARTPHONE giants Samsung, LG and Chinese firm Huawei are among those set to
unveil the newest versions of their devices when Mobile World Congress (MWC)
begins tomorrow.

The annual technology trade show, held in  Barcelona, has become the regular
launching point for Samsung's range of  Galaxy smartphones - the current
generation S6 was unveiled there last year, and the next generation is expected
to debut this year.

Although the event is not attended by Apple, there will still be high levels of
industry attention, with LG set to announce their next flagship smartphone, the
LG G5, at a press conference tomorrow.

Last year more than 94,000 attended the show, which opens to the public on
Monday and runs until Thursday.

Visitors will have the opportunity to see the new phones announced for the first
time, and the vast range of tablets, wearable devices and other technologies
that are launched during the week.

Reports also suggest Huawei will bring a new phone, smartwatch and laptop to
MWC, while there have also been suggestions Sony will unveil a new tablet,
having refreshed its Xperia Z smartphone line only in the autumn.

Apple recently reported expectations that iPhone sales will drop for the first
time in the device's history amid reports the smartphone market is slowing, but
industry experts suggest rival manufac­turers will want to seize an opportunity
to take ground from them.

Ben Wood, chief of research at analyst firm CCS Insight, said: "Despite a
growing view that design features of smartphones have reached a plateau, we
predict they will remain a headline topic at the  show.

"This is still a huge market, with smartphone sales forecast to exceed  1.6
billion units in 2016.

"This year we expect attention to focus on improving core capabilities, such as
battery life, camera performance, screen technology,  ruggedness and memory
capacity."

Augmented and virtual reality will be prominent themes at Mobile World Congress,
particularly smartphone-based virtual reality products, which are poised for
explosive growth in 2016, said Mr Wood.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hack risk hits 900m phones

BYLINE: RUKI SAYID

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 187 words


Hack risk hits 900m phones RUKI SAYID CYBER security experts have found flaws in
the Android system that could let hackers seize control of 900million
smartphones.

Four weaknesses have been discovered in chips used in Google, Sony, LG, HTC and
Blackberry phones.

Security firm Checkpoint, who spotted the problems, say crooks could use them to
get access to all the data on phones.

There is currently no evidence that hackers have exploited the flaws, but
Michael Shaulov of Checkpoint said: "I'm pretty sure you will see these
vulnerabilities being used in the next three to four months."

Phones with chips made by Qualcomm are affected by the "Quadrooter" flaws.

Models sold in the UK include Sony Xperia Z Ultra, HTC One, HTC M9 and HTC 10,
LG G4, LG G5 and LG V10, Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P and BlackBerry
Priv and Dtek50.

Qualcomm said they had made patches for the flaws available to phone makers.

Google said users with the latest security updates were protected from three of
the four flaws and an update for the fourth would be ready next month. A
Quadrooter scanner is available free from the Google Play store.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CYBER THREAT Hacking

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2016 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

LG's ultra-slim laptop Gram 14 launched in India starting at Rs 79,990

SECTION: PCS

LENGTH: 204 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG has launched its ultra-slim and
lightweight laptop in India. Dubbed the LG Gram 14, the laptop was first
showcased at CES 2016. It is available online exclusively onand at all LG brand
stores and IT multi-brand outlets.Pricing for the LG Gram 14 starts at Rs 79,990
for the 4GB RAM/128GB SSD version, available in black colour option.

On the other hand, the 8GB RAM/256GB storage version is available in gold colour
and bears a price tag of Rs 94,999. Along with this, the company is also
offering a cashback of Rs 8,000 on both models.LG Gram 14 features a 14-inch
Full HD display and sports a carbon and magnesium alloy body. It is powered by a
2.3GHz Intel Core i5 6200U processor paired with either 4GB RAM and 128GB SSD,
or 8GB RAM and 265GB SSD.The laptop runsHome and offers Bluetooth, Wi-Fi,
Eithernet, USB and HDMI as connectivity options. It is backed by a 34.61 Wh
battery that promises to deliver 7.5 hours of battery life.Recently, LG started
pre-bookings of its flagship phone G5 in the country. The smartphone will be
available exclusively on Flipkart. LG has also said that customers who pre-book
the handset will get a LG Cam Plus free.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

LG V20 to be the first phone to feature 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 279 words


NEW DELHI: LG will be launching its V20 smartphone in September. While there
isn't much known about the specifications of the upcoming device yet, recent
leaks have provided a look at its design. Now, the South Korean giant has
announced that the V20 will come with a 32-bit high-fidelity Quad DAC (digital
to analog converter). According to LG, the Quad DAC will help in making the
sound output of the phone crisp and clear sound.

It'll also result in up to 50% reduction in ambient noise. The company said that
it worked closely with ESS Technology, a leader in high-performance analog and
audio devices, to ensure that the Quad DAC delivered the best audio experience
for future owners of LG V20 . READ ALSO LG V20 smartphone to launch with Android
7.0 Nougat As per recent leaks, the LG V20 will likely have a dual rear camera
setup and dual-tone LED flash . The renders also revealed that the rear of the
phone will be similar to the company's current flagship - G5. The phone will
also have a fingerprint scanner. LG V20 will reportedly be the company's first
handset to run the latest Android Nougat operating system. It is expected to be
powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The V20 will succeed the V10. To
recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It features a second
smaller screen above its main 5.7-inch display. The second display is 'Always
On' and can display everything from weather to notifications, even when the
phone is turned off. Key features of the V10 include Qualcomm Snapdragon 808
processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage, 16MP rear camera, 5MP
front-facing camera and 3,000mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

LG V20 to be the first phone to feature 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 279 words


NEW DELHI: LG will be launching its V20 smartphone in September. While there
isn't much known about the specifications of the upcoming device yet, recent
leaks have provided a look at its design. Now, the South Korean giant has
announced that the V20 will come with a 32-bit high-fidelity Quad DAC (digital
to analog converter). According to LG, the Quad DAC will help in making the
sound output of the phone crisp and clear sound.

It'll also result in up to 50% reduction in ambient noise. The company said that
it worked closely with ESS Technology, a leader in high-performance analog and
audio devices, to ensure that the Quad DAC delivered the best audio experience
for future owners of LG V20 . READ ALSO LG V20 smartphone to launch with Android
7.0 Nougat As per recent leaks, the LG V20 will likely have a dual rear camera
setup and dual-tone LED flash . The renders also revealed that the rear of the
phone will be similar to the company's current flagship - G5. The phone will
also have a fingerprint scanner. LG V20 will reportedly be the company's first
handset to run the latest Android Nougat operating system. It is expected to be
powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The V20 will succeed the V10. To
recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It features a second
smaller screen above its main 5.7-inch display. The second display is 'Always
On' and can display everything from weather to notifications, even when the
phone is turned off. Key features of the V10 include Qualcomm Snapdragon 808
processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage, 16MP rear camera, 5MP
front-facing camera and 3,000mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Motorola X Force review: Smartphone is not pretty, but very tough

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 571  words


John Everington

The Moto X Force is not the kind of smartphone likely to be sported by the
fashion-conscious set on a Friday night at Asia de Cuba or the Jetty Lounge.

Rather, it's the sort of device you carry around when you're doing something
active and high impact. Or failing that, it's great if you've got young children
who can't keep their slippery hands off your expensive gadgets.

The X Force isn't designed to win any beauty contests. Its simple metal frame is
offset by a rugged "ballistic nylon" textured back that feels rugged in the
hand, but also a little cheap.

Its 21 megapixel rear camera takes impressive images in a range of conditions,
while falling a little short of the likes of the Galaxy S7 and the LG G5. And
the 5.4 inch Amoled display promises a lot but falls a little short.

But you don't buy a smartphone called X Force for its camera, design and
display. You buy it because it's tough. And make no mistake, this is a
high-impact smartphone.

I didn't have the nerve to test whether it could withstand a five-foot drop on a
tiled floor as Motorola claims. However, its display survived without blemish
after being dropped face down on a hardwood floor several times, as well as a
number of medium-force blows from a standard hammer.

Most gratifyingly, it survived 24 hours in the company of a colleague's
one-year-old, who had inflicted impressive damage on his mother's iPhone a week
earlier.

Not only did the X Force remain unscathed, its 5MP front camera is intuitive
enough even for a toddler to take (several) selfies.

Despite being on the market for some months, the Moto X Force is still a little
pricey at about Dh2,549, more than both the HTC 10 and the LG G5. But while it
lags in terms of display and camera specs, its nigh-on unbreakable design will
definitely appeal to rugged outdoor types, as well as any parent whose little
darling delights in causing damage to expensive gadgets.

q&a tough and resilient all day long

John Everington expands on the Moto X Force's tough credibility:

So how did Motorola make it so tough? Did they leave it in the oven for an extra
12 hours?

It's what they call "ShatterShield" screen technology. It's made up of five
layers, starting with a rigid aluminium chassis and the aforementioned Amoled
display, which is in itself quite flexible. Then there's a dual touch layer, an
interior lens and an outer screen protection ShatterShield lens.

So how tough is it really? Should I take it rock climbing with me?

Motorola is pretty realistic that the X Force is resilient but probably not
designed to be dropped 200 feet off a mountain. That being said, it's tough
enough to be dropped on a hard floor by a toddler (and an adult for that
matter), which matters more to most of us than its climbing credentials.

You mentioned something about a disappointing display?

Disappointing is maybe too strong a word. The X Force's Amoled display has a
stunning 540 pixels per inch density, promising great images. But given the
added screen protection layers, the effect is a little diminished. While videos
look high quality, you don't quite get the brilliant colours of the Galaxy S7
Edge.

What else should I know?

It has a large battery that'll get you through the day with no problem. Internal
memory is expandable up to 256GB via microSD. Regrettably, there's no
fingerprint scanner. And as for that ballistic nylon finish? It's not available
in rose gold.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

LG V20 audio system to be powered by B&O Play

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG is all geared up to launch its V20
smartphone next month. And to build up anticipation for the same, the
manufacturer has now revealed new details about the audio system of the device.
LG announced that it has partnered with premium audio products maker B&O Play
for the V20. Not only will the upcoming smartphone feature audio system
developed in partnership with B&O Play, it'll also come with B&O Play earphones.

Speaking about the same, Juno Cho, president of LG Electronics and Mobile
Communications, said, "I'm pleased about our close partnership with B&O Play
which started earlier this year with Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play and continues
today with the V20. A growing number of consumers expect a better audio
experience from their smartphones than what has been available in the past and
I'm confident that the V20 delivers on these expectations."Recently, LG posted
some images on its official US Instagram account, claiming to have clicked them
with the V20. The images offered details about the camera setup of the device.
The successor to the V10, the LG V20 is expected to come with a dual camera
setup. This would comprise a wide angle lens and a normal lens, pretty much the
same as that of the G5. One of the images posted by the company clearly
indicates that it has been taken using a wide angle lens. A GIF was also posted
to the Instagram account. It seems that users will be able to select specific
parts of the images to animate, while keeping others static.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

LG V20 audio system to be powered by B&O Play

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean tech giant LG is all geared up to launch its V20
smartphone next month. And to build up anticipation for the same, the
manufacturer has now revealed new details about the audio system of the device.
LG announced that it has partnered with premium audio products maker B&O Play
for the V20. Not only will the upcoming smartphone feature audio system
developed in partnership with B&O Play, it'll also come with B&O Play earphones.

Speaking about the same, Juno Cho, president of LG Electronics and Mobile
Communications, said, "I'm pleased about our close partnership with B&O Play
which started earlier this year with Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play and continues
today with the V20. A growing number of consumers expect a better audio
experience from their smartphones than what has been available in the past and
I'm confident that the V20 delivers on these expectations."Recently, LG posted
some images on its official US Instagram account, claiming to have clicked them
with the V20. The images offered details about the camera setup of the device.
The successor to the V10, the LG V20 is expected to come with a dual camera
setup. This would comprise a wide angle lens and a normal lens, pretty much the
same as that of the G5. One of the images posted by the company clearly
indicates that it has been taken using a wide angle lens. A GIF was also posted
to the Instagram account. It seems that users will be able to select specific
parts of the images to animate, while keeping others static.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

LG collaborates with B&O again for V20

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won

LENGTH: 230 words


LG Electronics will collaborate with Danish premium audio business Bang &
Olufsen (B&O) for its new â[#x20ac]oeV20â[#x20ac] smartphone.

The electronics company has previously worked with B&O to develop a portable
digital-to-analog converter (DAC) module, â[#x20ac]oeLG Hi-Fi Plus,â[#x20ac] for
its flagship G5 smartphone.

Wednesdayâ[#x20ac][TM]s announcement came as LG is expanding partnerships with
globally renowned audio makers such as B&O and Harman Group to strengthen the
image of its brand as a provider of premium audio experiences.

â[#x20ac]oeCustomers are increasingly demanding high standards on smartphone
audio functions,â[#x20ac] LG Electronics Mobile Communications Company President
Cho Juno said. â[#x20ac]oeV20 will be a product that provides the best audio
experience.â[#x20ac]

Under the partnership, LG Electronics will work with the Danish
companyâ[#x20ac][TM]s sub-brand unit, B&O Play, to develop sound technologies
and devices. While B&O has established a solid reputation for luxury audio
devices and systems, B&O Play provides relatively smaller, portable devices for
the younger generation.

The two businesses will also jointly develop and bundle earphones for the V20,
from design to tuning, LG Electronics said.

â[#x20ac]oeWe believe that this collaboration will be a good opportunity to
incorporate acoustic technologies and design expertise that B&O has accumulated
over the last 90 years into the V20,â[#x20ac] B&O Play CEO Henrik Taudorf
Lorensen said.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            March 31, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tech Toys; HANNspree pocket TV is a chip off the old block

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 383  words


HANNspree HANNSfries 10-inch LCD television, no price yet and no date for
release.

Not, of course, that you'd want to encourage any children of yours to eat fries
with huge dabs of ketchup -- or, in fact, put anything in their rooms that would
cause them to watch even more television than they do, but, hey, this does look
cute. It's a packet of friesTV set from HANNspree (www.hannspree-usa.com) which
is noted for its free form video hardware offerings that brighten up a home,
especially if you're into the pop art of decades ago.

LG Chocolate Flip (LG 8600) wireless phone, $130 with a three-year Telus
contract, $330 without a contract.

Stylish and sleek is how Telus describes this latest offering from LG, which
comes with television, radio (commercial free from XM Canada) and MP3s, a 1.3
megapixel camera and camcorder, downloadable video clips and games. As well,
users in British Columbia, Alberta and parts of Ontario can use Telus Navigator,
which offers real-time audio and visual turn-by-turn directions to help you get
to your destination. Oh, and you can use it to phone people.

Motion Computing LE1700 Core 2 Duo tablet PC, starting at $2,200 US.

Aimed at professionals in fields like health care, field sales and services,
government and the hospitality industry, the LE1700 has what it calls WriteTouch
display that allows you to both write with a digital pen and with a simple
double tap on the screen to switch to using your finger to enter data. And while
the WriteTouch system will allow both pen and finger input it won't respond to
anything else touching the screen. Also comes with a biometric fingerprint
reader that can operate as a mouse.

Samsung SPH-m610 wireless phone, $150 with a three-year contract from Bell
Mobility, $350 without a contract.

The word from the Duchess of Windsor (you do remember her, don't you?) was that
you couldn't be too slim and apparently both Bell and Samsung have taken this to
heart with the SPH-m610, which is less than half an inch thick. Oh, and should
you care, once you've seen the phone, it will allow you to view movies, listen
to stereo MP3 sound, offers TV on the go, ringtones and screen savers, as well
as allowing you to phone your friends to let them know that your phone is so
thin they'll squeal with envy.

networks@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: HANNspree HANNSfries 10-inch LCD television ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 21, 2016 Saturday 9:00 AM GMT

Jason Statham's new LG advert: just as nonsensical as his films;
The legendary screen hardman uses his full range of acting in this bizarre phone
ad

BYLINE: Gwilym Mumford

SECTION: TELEVISION & RADIO

LENGTH: 195 words


LG's new G5 phone is a curious bit of kit: essentially a workaday-looking
smartphone, but one that features a weird slidey thing at the bottom to remove,
and quite likely lose, your battery. LG have branded this design kink as modular
and "transformative", so who better to get across this sense of transformation
than Jason Statham, the hyper-versatile actor known for playing a chiselled hard
man in Lock Stock And Two Smoking Barrels, a chiselled hard man in the
Transporter series, and a chiselled hard man in Crank and its even crankier
sequel Crank: High Voltage?

In fairness Stath's turn in the ad suggests that he might have a bit more range
than his IMDB page. Here, he plays an entire bloody city, with his face
transposed on to everyone from a hipster to a newborn baby (a sight which will
require an extensive period of brain bleaching to unsee). The plot, or what
there is of one, sees the city's inhabitants' crippling phone addiction, leading
them to fight each other for a glimpse at a screen, setting off a bizarre
sequence of events involving a motorcyclist on fire and a load of rampaging
bulls. No less nonsensical than the rest of Statham's output, then.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     February 21, 2016 Sunday 10:42 AM GMT

Latest smartphones for 2016 set to be launched

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 308 words


Latest LG model is expected to come with an 'always on' screen while Samsung
will announce S7 details

The first major smartphones of 2016 are set to be announced today as the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) begins in Barcelona.

LG, Huawei and Samsung all hold press events ahead of the doors of the
technology show opening to the public on Monday, with new flagship devices
likely to be announced by all three firms.

LG is preparing to unveil the G5, its flagship smartphone. The Korean firm has
already been mentioning the device on social media, confirming it will come with
an "always-on" screen and revealing a smart case for it.

More details will be announced at its press conference on Sunday afternoon.

Fellow Korean manufacturer Samsung is expected to announce the next generation
of its Galaxy S handset - expected to be the S7 - which should follow the
all-metal design Samsung introduced in the S6 last year.

The MWC has become a key smartphone event in the technology calendar, with
hundreds of accessories shown off for the first time alongside the new devices,
as well as future technologies being broadly discussed.

This year is expected to see discussion on 5G internet - the next generation of
wireless data for phones which will bring faster internet speeds to mobile
devices - which could arrive by 2017.

Around 90,000 people are expected at the four-day technology show, which runs
until Thursday.

Chinese firm Huawei is also due to announce a series of new products, with
reports suggesting it could unveil a new laptop and smartwatch as well as a
successor to their P8 smartphone.

Though it is not holding a press conference, Taiwanese technology giant HTC is
also due to make an announcement.

The firm's first virtual reality headset, the HTC Vive, is due to go on sale in
April and more details could also be shared on the upcoming launch.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

This is how the Android Nougat-based LG V20 will look like

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


NEW DELHI: LG is confirmed to launch its V20 smartphone in September. While
there is nothing much known about the specifications of the smartphone, final
renders of the LG V20 were revealed by Android Authority. The smartphone will
house dual-rear cameras with dual-tone LED Flash.

The renders reveal that rear panel of the LG V20 will be similar to the flagship
LG G5 and will also house fingerprint scanner.This smartphone will reportedly be
LG's first handset to run the latest Android Nougat operating system. LG will
most likely power the handset with a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The V20
will succeed the V10.To recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It
features another screen above the main 5.7-inch display. The second display can
stay on to display weather, time and date when the main display is turned off.
It has room for frequently-used apps and can receive notifications while using
the main screen to watch a video.Some of the features included in the V10 are
Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal storage, 16MP rear
camera, 5MP front-facing camera, and 3,000mAh battery.The company had recently
launched its X Screen smartphone in India at a price of Rs 12,990. And as the
name suggests, LG X screen seems to have screen as its 'special' feature. LG X
Screen boasts of dual-display. The handset has a 4.93-inch primary display and a
secondary 'Always-on' screen measuring 1.76-inch, similar to the one in LG's
V10.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

LG Elec says to start selling new premium smartphone in September

LENGTH: 184  words


South Korea's LG Electronics Inc said on Monday it plans to start selling a new
premium Smartphone from September, hoping the device will help its struggling
mobile business recover from disappointing sales.LG said its V20 device,
successor to the V10 that went on sale in October last year, will be the first
product to run on Google's latest version of its Android mobile operating system
called Nougat at launch.

The company did not disclose further details on the V20.The firm has two main
premium phone series and its G5 phone, launched in March, has had
weaker-than-expected sales following initial production difficulties.

As a result, the South Korean firm's mobile business reported its fifth straight
quarter of operating loss for April-June.The company said last week the launch
of new products, including a successor to the V10, will help its performance
improve in the third quarter Rivals are also pushing new devices to market soon,
however: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will unveil its next Galaxy Note Smartphone
on Wednesday, while Apple Inc is expected to launch new iPhones in September

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

LG unveils smartphone with dual camera, virtual reality set

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 22 -- LG is unveiling a smartphone with two lenses and jumping
into the nascent world of virtual reality.
 The main camera on LG's upcoming G5 smartphone will have both a regular lens
for standard shots and a wider-angle lens so you can capture more of what's in
front of you without having to step back.


 It will also adopt a modular approach to design, so you'll be able to pop out
the phone's bottom and swap in new hardware features. Early options include a
camera grip with physical buttons to take shots and control video recording.
 Today's announcements at the Mobile World Congress wireless show in Barcelona,
Spain, come as worldwide smartphone growth has slowed.
 Frank Lee, a spokesman with LG's US mobile business, said phone launches no
longer generate the excitement they used to, so "it's our responsibility to
bring some energy."
 Beyond improving just the phone, LG is turning to a whole collection of
products that work with it.
 LG will have its own VR headset a lighter version of Samsung's Gear VR, which
came out last fall.
 LG designed the LG 360 VR headset to work with an LG smartphone that's attached
by a cable. With Samsung's VR device, the smartphone is inserted at eye level
and becomes the headset's display, increasing the weight on the head. LG's
version still uses the smartphone to process the images, but instead of
displaying them on the phone screen, images get sent to separate, lighter
displays in the headset's eyepieces.
 LG is also making a 360-degree camera and a spherical robot camera that
resembles the BB-8 droid in the new "Star Wars" movie.
 Prices and release dates have yet to be announced, though the LG phone is
expected in the US in April.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

LG V20 to be the world's first Android 'Nougat' phone

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 3 -- LG said its V20 device, successor to the V10 that went on
sale in October last year, will be the first product to run on Google's latest
version of its Android mobile operating system called Nougat at launch.

The company said last week the launch of new products, including a successor to
the V10, will help its performance improve in the third quarter. The firm has
two main premium phone series and its G5 phone, launched in March, has had
weaker-than-expected sales following initial production difficulties.

As a result, the South Korean firm's mobile business reported its fifth straight
quarter of operating loss for April-June. With Android 7.0 Nougat coming first
to LG V20, the South Korean company can pitch the device to more audience but it
is unclear whether the device will come with company's own UX on top of it. It
is also unlikely that V20 will launch in India considering the fact that LG
never made V10 available to Indian customers.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

LG to launch new premium smartphone V20 with Android 7.0 Nougat in Sept

LENGTH: 162  words

DATELINE: Seoul


Seoul, Aug. 1 -- South Korea's LG Electronics Inc said on Monday it plans to
start selling a new premium smartphone from September, hoping the device will
help its struggling mobile business recover from disappointing sales.


 LG said its V20 device, successor to the V10 that went on sale in October last
year, will be the first product to run on Google's latest version of its Android
mobile operating system called Nougat at launch. The company did not disclose
further details on the V20.
 The firm has two main premium phone series and its G5 phone, launched in March,
has had weaker-than-expected sales following initial production difficulties. As
a result, the South Korean firm's mobile business reported its fifth straight
quarter of operating loss for April-June.
 The company said last week the launch of new products, including a successor to
the V10, will help its performance improve in the third quarter. Rivals are also
pushing new devices to market soon, however

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

LG to unveil new smartphone V20 on Sept. 7

LENGTH: 221 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics will unveil a new premium smartphone this week as
it seeks to revive its struggling handset business.

The V20 smartphone, to be announced on Sept. 7 in Seoul, is the first smartphone
in the world to run on Google's latest Android mobile operating system called
Nougat.

Following disappointing sales of another premium smartphone, the G5, earlier
this year, LG's handset business division posted its fifth consecutive quarterly
operating loss in the second quarter.

Details of the V20 will be announced on Sept. 7, but industry sources said the
new premium smartphone features high-end audio quality, by integrating a 32-bit
Hi-Fi Quad DAC (digital to analog converter)technology into the device.

Invitation card sent by LG to Korean and foreign press for the upcoming LG V20
release event in San Francisco.

Co-engineered by Denmark's luxury brand for stereo devices, Bang & Olufsen, the
device also boasts a high-end audio resolution.

In a previous statement, LG said the V20 adopted Google's new search app called
In Apps.

"The new search mode featured in the Google app helps users find content not
only from built-in apps, including contacts, emails, text messages and photos
but also from user-installed apps," LG said in the statement.

In-store sales of the V20 are expected to begin later this month.

(

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

LG Elec says to start selling new premium smartphone in September

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Aug. 2 -- South Korea's LG Electronics Inc said on Monday it plans to
start selling a new premium Smartphone from September, hoping the device will
help its struggling mobile business recover from disappointing sales.

LG said its V20 device, successor to the V10 that went on sale in October last
year, will be the first product to run on Google's latest version of its Android
mobile operating system called Nougat at launch. The company did not disclose
further details on the V20.

The firm has two main premium phone series and its G5 phone, launched in March,
has had weaker-than-expected sales following initial production difficulties. As
a result, the South Korean firm's mobile business reported its fifth straight
quarter of operating loss for April-June.

The company said last week the launch of new products, including a successor to
the V10, will help its performance improve in the third quarter. Rivals are also
pushing new devices to market soon, however Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will
unveil its next Galaxy Note Smartphone on Wednesday, while Apple Inc is expected
to launch new iPhones in September.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LG's V20 Is The World's First Android 7.0 Nougat Handset

BYLINE: Chandrakant 'CK' Isi

LENGTH: 391  words


The laptop features a mere 13.9 mm profile while weighing at just 1.3 kg.

LG has announced its next flagship smartphone, the LG V20. With this handset, LG
focuses back on the streamlined design and premium feel. That's a far cry from
company's previous flagship the G5, which relied heavily on the gimmicky modular
stuff. The LG V20 is the first device to ship with Android 7.0 Nougat. Time and
again, LG has enjoyed close ties with Google. The South Korean has been making
Android devices since 2009 when it first launched the LG Eve also known as
InTouch Max. More recently it collaborated with the search giant for Nexus 4 and
Nexus 5 in 2012 and 2013. Last year, it launched the Nexus 5X with Android 6.0
onboard. Despite such good relations with Google, LG never success could never
come anywhere close to its compatriot Samsung.

At a first glance, the V20 looks a lot like the BlackBerry Z30. It features a
button to release the backplate that provides access to 3200 mAh battery. This
way LG gets to deliver a fancy design without trading off the convenience of a
swappable battery. Much like its predecessor, the LG V20 sports two displays.
The primary one is a 5.7-incher with 2560x1440 pixels. LG makes top-notch LCD
panels so expect wide viewing angles and rich colours from this Quad HD Quantum
display. The 2.1-inch secondary display with pixel dimensions of 160x1040 sits
above the main screen. It is much like Samsung's edge screen, which looks fancy
but is hardly any useful.

Shutterbugs have all the reasons to get excited as LG has come up with a
dual-cameras setup. The primary camera comprises of a 16-megapixel OIS (Optical
Image Stabilisation) module coupled with an 8-megapixel depth sensor. This
should provide some neat features to play with the depth of field in photos. For
selfies, you have to settle for a 5-megapixel snapper.

The handset is powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chipset. Thanks to a 4 GB
RAM, multitasking won't be an issue at all. The V20 comes with 64 GB internal
storage and microSd card slot that supports up to 2 TB of additional space.
Other features include a fingerprint sensor, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 LE,
A-GPS, NFC, USB Type-C port, and 3200 mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0. The
handset is expected hit the home market by the end of this month. However,
there's no word on its pricing yet.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday
                              AdvertiserTV Edition

Unwrap a smart package

BYLINE: TECH TALK Rod Chester and Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 600  words


These phones come packed with some stylish features, write Rod Chester and
Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

THE smartphone war is not just about Apple and Samsung.

New handsets are appearing from their competitors and they are more compelling
than you might expect.

From the budget model you can take for a dip to BlackBerry's first Android
phone, we round them up and test them out.

HTC 10 HTC, $1099 harveynorman.com.au **** HTC is on the comeback trail and its
candidate for top smartphone is devilishly attractive. The HTC 10 is the
slickest phone that the company has produced to date, with a solid metal body
featuring striking chamfered edges, a tiny border around its 5.2-inch screen and
an accurate fingerprint scanner. Its Android software has been pared back to a
speedy minimum, its front and bottom speakers produce surprising volume and its
Ultrapixel camera is back, though this time the larger pixel sensor is paired
with a healthy 12-megapixel resolution. Its camera isn't the fastest to focus
and the phone lacks water-resistance but it's a worthy comeback that deserves
attention.

LG G5 LG, $1099 lg.com.au ***1/2 The concept behind LG's flagship smartphone,
below, is ingenious: a modular phone you can pull apart and put back together
with better parts. And it works. Press a subtle button and you can remove its
battery and install camera controls or a Bang & Olufsen sound module. Plus, the
Android smartphone is zippy and features a two-camera system, one with a
135-degree wide-angle lens to capture more of what's before you. The problem
with this phone is its execution. A glass seam at the top of its 5.3-inch screen
catches, light can be seen through a crack at its base and its metal exterior is
wavy in patches.

OPPO F1 OPPO, $299 oppomobile.com.au ***1/2 The price of the Oppo F1, above,
defines it as a budget Android phone but its features exceed expectations. This
phone offers an 8-megapixel front-facing camera and 13-megapixel rear camera
|with fast autofocus, plus a few processing extras including a built-in animated
GIF creator and a mode that combines four pictures into a sharp, 50-megapixel
photo - if you're able to keep the phone still enough. The F1 also boasts a
5-inch touchscreen, dual SIM card slots, 16GB storage expandable to 128GB and a
metal body that gives it a premium look.

ALCATEL GO PLAY ALCATEL, $299 kmart.com.au *** Alcatel delivers a budget phone
with an emphasis on being tough rather than fashionable. The 5-inch Android
phone, below, is designed to survive knocks, bumps and splashes, boasting an
IP67 dust and water-resistance rating. You just have to remember to rinse it in
freshwater after a dunk. It comes in five colour combinations with a rubberised
backing and users can add a 32GB memory card to boost the 4GB on board. Its
8-megapixel and 5-megapixel cameras are adequate, although noticeably slow in
focusing. If you're tough on phones and happy with basic features, the Go Play
may suit.

BLACKBERRY PRIV BLACKBERRY, $995 optus.com.au ***1/2BlackBerry's comeback phone
has two things going for it. First is a unique design. Its 5.4-inch touchscreen
slides up to reveal a four-line keyboard for quick email responses. It's also
touch-sensitive and its shortcuts (like sweeping a finger up to add a suggested
word) are useful timesavers. Its second plus is Google Android. This BlackBerry
not only uses Google's software but makes it extra secure with its own patches
and lets users restrict app permissions. Its keyboard is not as well designed as
the Bold of old and its 18-megapixel camera lags but this comeback kid is worth
consideration.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

A STAR WARS ROBOT TO PROTECT YOUR HOME

BYLINE: BY EMILY DAVIES

LENGTH: 362 words


ANYONE who has seen the new Star Wars film might think the latest gadget from LG
is straight from the movie set.

But while the Rolling Bot from the mobile phone maker may resemble the loveable
Star Wars BB-8 droid, it is no toy.

LG insists the spherical robot (pictured) has a serious purpose: home security.
The ball's onboard camera can transmit live pictures to a mobile phone app,
which is also used to guide it around the house, so homeowners can see what is
going on at their property while they are away. Revealed at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, the bot links to LG's latest phone - the G5 - via a
wireless internet connection. It will eventually be compatible with other
phones.

It is fitted with a speaker and a laser, which is solely to be used as a toy for
entertaining pets. The product will be released later this year, but a price has
yet to be announced.

Elsewhere at the conference was Samsung's latest foray into the internet of
things - a term for household devices designed to connect and communicate with
each other.

The tech giant revealed its Family Hub refrigerator, which will be able to
detect when a family has run out of milk and will learn whether they prefer
full-fat or semi-skimmed. The smart fridge uses internal cameras and sensors to
suss out what produce needs replenishing. It then sends a message to a large
touch screen on the door of the fridge, and this can be connected to online
grocers, enabling families to press a button to stock up on essentials direct
from the appliance by using online home delivery services currently available
from supermarkets such as Waitrose and Sainsburys.

The app will remember favourite' orders which are purchased again and again to
make shopping easier. The fridge costs around £3,500 and will launch in the US
in May, but Samsung has not set a UK release date yet.

And for all those who have spent too much time in front of the fridge,
technology company AIQ is to launch smart clothing' - sports kit which gives you
tips on keeping fit. Wearable electrodes and stainless steel fibers are embedded
into the BioMan sports gear to monitor activity and report back to a smartphone
app.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

A Star Wars robot to protect your home

BYLINE: Emily Davies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 360 words


ANYONE who has seen the new Star Wars film might think the latest gadget from LG
is straight from the movie set.

But while the Rolling Bot from the mobile phone maker may resemble the loveable
Star Wars BB-8 droid, it is no toy.

LG insists the spherical robot (pictured) has a serious purpose: home security.
The ball's onboard camera can transmit live pictures to a mobile phone app,
which is also used to guide it around the house, so homeowners can see what is
going on at their property while they are away. Revealed at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, the bot links to LG's latest phone - the G5 - via a
wireless internet connection. It will eventually be compatible with other
phones.

It is fitted with a speaker and a laser, which is solely to be used as a toy for
entertaining pets. The product will be released later this year, but a price has
yet to be announced.

Elsewhere at the conference was Samsung's latest foray into the internet of
things - a term for household devices designed to connect and communicate with
each other.

The tech giant revealed its Family Hub refrigerator, which will be able to
detect when a family has run out of milk and will learn whether they prefer
full-fat or semiskimmed. The smart fridge uses internal cameras and sensors to
suss out what produce needs replenishing.

It then sends a message to a large touch screen on the door of the fridge, and
this can be connected to online grocers, enabling families to press a button to
stock up on essentials direct from the appliance by using online home delivery
services currently available from supermarkets such as Waitrose and Sainsburys.
The app will remember 'favourite' orders which are purchased again and again to
make shopping easier. The fridge costs around £3,500 and will launch in the US
in May, but Samsung has not set a UK release date yet.

And for all those who have spent too much time in front of the fridge,
technology company AIQ is to launch 'smart clothing' - sports kit which gives
you tips on keeping fit. Wearable electrodes and stainless steel fibers are
embedded into the BioMan sports gear to monitor activity and report back to a
smartphone app.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2016 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

IS YOUR MOBILE PHONE A SECURITY RISK?;
CONSUMER RIGHTS CHAMPION

BYLINE: JAMES WALKER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 427 words


MORE than 900 million smartphone handsets could be susceptible to hacking
attacks after a group of researchers found a major security loophole in their
software.

A team investigating software pre-installed on processors made by US firm
Qualcomm found that glitches in code on software could open the door to hackers.

This could potentially lead to your phone - and the data and personal info
stored within it - being compromised by 'malicious apps'.

This sort of thing is an increasing worry in a world where we live more and more
of our lives through our phone. So what you can do to protect your valuable
personal information from hackers, and what can you do if your phone is
compromised? WHICH PHONES ARE AFFECTED? BlackBerry Priv and Dtek50 Blackphone 1
and Blackphone 2 Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P HTC One, HTC M9 and HTC
10 LG G4, LG G5, and LG V10 New Moto X by Motorola OnePlus One, OnePlus 2 and
OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung S7 Edge (but US versions only) Sony
Xperia Z Ultra HOW BIG IS THE RISK? ALTHOUGH there is currently no evidence that
any online thieves have been exploiting the weak spots identified, Michael
Shaulov, head of mobility product management at Checkpoint, the company that
found the bugs, has warned that it's only a matter of time: "I'm pretty sure you
will see these vulnerabilities being used in the next three to four months," he
told the BBC recently.

THE FIX IS IN... QUALCOMM (the maker of the vulnerable chipsets) has created
fixes (otherwise known as patches) for the potential holes in its defences and
passed these on to phone companies and network operators.

What's unclear is how many of these have actually updated their customers'
phones... HOW TO CHECK IF YOU'RE VULNERABLE THERE are a few things that you can
do to make sure your data is safe.

¦ Make sure your phone is as up to date as possible by checking that you have
the latest version of your operating system installed ¦ Get in touch with the
manufacturer of your phone, your network operator or whoever sold you your phone
and find out if they've issued the correct updates ¦ If not, make sure you ask
them to take remedial action as soon as possible ¦ Only install apps you're sure
are fully legitimate ¦ Monitor. The most likely negative outcome from your phone
being compromised will be the theft of personal details... so if you notice any
unusual transactions on your bank account - act quickly.

¦ JAMES Walker is the founder of online complaintresolution service
www.Resolver.co.uk Follow James via @resolvercouk, or email James@resolver.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Google Nexus 5X is among the phones identified as at risk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

IS YOUR MOBILE PHONE A SECURITY RISK?;
CONSUMER RIGHTS CHAMPION

BYLINE: JAMES WALKER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 427 words


MORE than 900 million smartphone handsets could be susceptible to hacking
attacks after a group of researchers found a major security loophole in their
software.

A team investigating software pre-installed on processors made by US firm
Qualcomm found that glitches in code on software could open the door to hackers.

This could potentially lead to your phone - and the data and personal info
stored within it - being compromised by 'malicious apps'.

This sort of thing is an increasing worry in a world where we live more and more
of our lives through our phone. So what you can do to protect your valuable
personal information from hackers, and what can you do if your phone is
compromised? WHICH PHONES ARE AFFECTED? BlackBerry Priv and Dtek50 Blackphone 1
and Blackphone 2 Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P HTC One, HTC M9 and HTC
10 LG G4, LG G5, and LG V10 New Moto X by Motorola OnePlus One, OnePlus 2 and
OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung S7 Edge (but US versions only) Sony
Xperia Z Ultra HOW BIG IS THE RISK? ALTHOUGH there is currently no evidence that
any online thieves have been exploiting the weak spots identified, Michael
Shaulov, head of mobility product management at Checkpoint, the company that
found the bugs, has warned that it's only a matter of time: "I'm pretty sure you
will see these vulnerabilities being used in the next three to four months," he
told the BBC recently.

THE FIX IS IN... QUALCOMM (the maker of the vulnerable chipsets) has created
fixes (otherwise known as patches) for the potential holes in its defences and
passed these on to phone companies and network operators.

What's unclear is how many of these have actually updated their customers'
phones... HOW TO CHECK IF YOU'RE VULNERABLE THERE are a few things that you can
do to make sure your data is safe.

¦ Make sure your phone is as up to date as possible by checking that you have
the latest version of your operating system installed ¦ Get in touch with the
manufacturer of your phone, your network operator or whoever sold you your phone
and find out if they've issued the correct updates ¦ If not, make sure you ask
them to take remedial action as soon as possible ¦ Only install apps you're sure
are fully legitimate ¦ Monitor. The most likely negative outcome from your phone
being compromised will be the theft of personal details... so if you notice any
unusual transactions on your bank account - act quickly.

¦ JAMES Walker is the founder of online complaintresolution service
www.Resolver.co.uk Follow James via @resolvercouk, or email James@resolver.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Google Nexus 5X is among the phones identified as at risk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

LG 360 CAM to work with Google Street View

LENGTH: 290  words


By Tony Luke -

With LG announcing the LG 360 CAM at MWC last week, LG is expecting to see an
increase in creating and sharing 360 degree visual content using mobile devices.
Thanks to the launch of the LG 360 CAM and G5 smartphone, LG claims that
creating and sharing 360 degree content will be as easy as pressing a button.

While many phones now come with a simple point and shoot camera with a built in
panorama mode, 360 degree spherical images and videos take visuals even further
by including everything in the scene, including the ground and sky. The LG 360
CAM is a highly portable and compact imaging device capable of taking 360 degree
images at high resolution. It is also optimized for the Google Street View with
its support for the Google backed Open Spherical Camera API.

"This announcement of the LG 360 CAM means a lot to over 500 million Street View
users and all who loves to create and share 360-degree contents," said Charles
Armstrong, Product Manager of Google Street View. "With its capability to create
16MP images, the LG 360 CAM will be the most preferable choice for anyone to
join in the fun of 360-degree content."

Once users have the Google Street View app installed on their iOS or Android
phones, they can use the LG 360 CAM to easily capture, upload and share their
360 degree content directly from their phones, without having to convert them
into an appropriate format. The LG 360 CAM also comes with three embedded
microphones and supports 5.1 channel surround sound recording. It also comes
with an internal battery of 1200 mAh and a microSD card slot which can extend
the memory to a maximum of 2TB.

A release date for the LG 360 CAM is still to be revealed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/82/145734297079.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Surprise visit by Facebook founder at mobile show

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 194 words


NEW smartphones and 360-degree video have been at the centre of attention at the
Mobile World Congress (MWC).

The technology show, taking place in Barcelona, saw Samsung unveil the Galaxy S7
and S7 edge smartphones, while LG revealed the G5 phone, which has a modular
design where new parts, such as a speaker or a camera can be attached to the
device.

Both Samsung and LG confirmed they would be releasing 360 cameras in the coming
months.

Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also made a surprise appearance at Samsung's
press conference to discuss 360 video, which the social network supports. The
billionaire added he hoped to film his daughter's first steps using the
technology. Chinese firm Huawei also introduced a new hybrid laptop, the
MateBook, while LG introduced a mini robot for home security called the Rolling
Bot, which can also monitor and even play with pets.

MWC has become a key smartphone event, with hundreds of accessories shown off
for the first time alongside the new devices, as well as future technologies
also being broadly discussed.

This year is also expected to see discussion on 5G internet - the next
generation of wireless data for phones .

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: <BFounder and CEO of Facebook Mark Zuckerber gives a speech during the
presentation of the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 edge devices in
Barcelona, Spain yesterday David Ramos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Pick of the best VR headsets and wearables from Mobile World Congress

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 394 words


While Virtual Reality (VR) headsets were the stars of the show at the 2016
Mobile World Congress, new smartwatches wore noticeably more thin on the ground.
Here's a roundup of the hottest devices from both fields on show at the trade
fair in Barcelona, Spain.

HTC Vive
First revealed at last year's MWC, the HTC Vive has finally got a price and a
release date. This virtual reality headset, developed in partnership with video
games studio Valve, will be available to preorder from February 29 for $799,
with shipping expected to start in April.

LG 360VR
Alongside its new G5 smartphone, LG also unveiled a pair of VR goggles that hook
up to the handset for instant immersion in 360-degree environments. The
headset's two small screens (960x720 pixels) simulate an image that's like
watching a 130-inch TV from two meters away. LG is yet to announce a price or a
release date for the 360VR.

Haier Watch
Haier presented its first smartwatch at this year's Mobile World Congress,
running the full Android OS rather than the Android Wear spin-off. This wearable
is similar in design to the Huawei Watch or the Samsung Gear S2 and it has an
onboard activity tracker (heart rate, calories burned, etc.). It should be
available with a choice of different straps when it launches in 2016, priced at
around [#x20ac]200 (approx. $220).

Garmin Vivoactive HR
Garmin unveiled a new connected watch that measures heart rate directly from the
wearer's wrist, as well as counting steps, measuring calories burned and
monitoring sleep. It automatically detects different activities such as walking,
running, cycling and swimming to keep track of performance on a day-to-day
basis. The Garmin Vivoactive HR is expected to ship in April for $249.99 in the
US or [#x20ac]269.99 in Europe.

Dot Watch
South Korean start-up Dot got MWC buzzing with its freshly unveiled smartwatch.
Compatible with both Android and iOS, this wearable is aimed at visually
impaired users, with pins that rise and fall on the display's surface to give
the time or other types of information in braille (alerts, notifications,
emails, etc.). It can also be used as a teaching device to learn the language.
The Dot Watch is slated to launch in 2016 and an e-reader based on the same
technology could also be developed.

(The Mobile World Congress ran from February 22-25, 2016, in Barcelona, Spain.
Website: mobileworldcongress.com)



LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

LG 360 CAM and Google Street View introduced

LENGTH: 319  words


With the announcement of the LG 360 CAM at Mobile World Congress last week, LG
Electronics (LG) expects to see an increase in interest in creating and sharing
360-degree visual content using mobile devices.

With the introduction of affordable, consumer-friendly devices such as the
upcoming LG 360 CAM and the G5 smartphone, creating and sharing 360-degree
content will be as easy as pressing a button. While many phones and
point-andshoot cameras have a panorama mode, 360-degree spherical images and
videos take visuals even further by including everything in the scene, including
the ground and the sky. With its compact, portable size and highresolution
images, the LG 360 CAM is one of the first imaging devices to take advantage of
the growing trend of 360-degree content creation. In fact, this is the first
camera from a smartphone manufacturer to be optimized for Google Street View
with its support for the Googlebacked Open Spherical Camera (OSC) API. With the
free Google Street View app installed on their iOS or Android smartphones, LG
360 CAM owners will be able to easily capture, upload and share their 360degree
content directly from their phones without having to convert or process their
files into the appropriate format, a timeconsuming process. LG 360 CAM features
three embedded microphones and supports 5.1 channel surround sound recording. It
is equipped with an internal battery with a capacity of 1,200mAh allowing for up
to 70 minutes of video recording. With its microSD card slot, the camera can be
extended to a maximum of 2TB.

"This announcement of the LG 360 CAM means a lot to over 500 million Street View
users and all who loves to create and share 360-degree contents," said Charles
Armstrong, Product Manager of Google Street View.

"With its capability to create 16MP images, the LG 360 CAM will be the most
preferable choice for anyone to join in the fun of 360-degree content."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Bots and PAs roll into limelight

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 665  words


Gadgets rained from the skies at this year's Mobile World Congress at Barcelona
as the annual tech congress - traditionally the -domain of telecommunications
companies and mobile phones - gave way to the weird and the wonderful.

Smartphones still command plenty of respect, but here are a few devices that
also managed to turn plenty of heads.

LG Rolling Bot The Rolling Bot is a remotely controlled ball that records video
and audio as you move. It's -designed for LG's flagship phone, the G5, and you
control it with a smartphone. Being a ball, it should keep rolling along like
Old Man River, unless it gets stuck in a ledge or rolls into the sink. LG
promotes its little bot as a mobile home monitor. As long as you keep it away
from obstacles, you should successfully navigate around.

But it's not jet propelled, so don't -expect it to bounce up the staircase.
Would it ward off a burglar? If they saw it darting along they could throw it
into the rubbish or switch it off and pocket it for their own use.

But they may be perturbed that they were caught on remote camera and leave. As
for LG's claim that it's a pet monitor: sure, you can talk to your pet through
its in-built speaker, but hopefully your cat won't claw it or your dog bury it
in the back yard. It connects to home WiFi and Bluetooth and one of LG's claims
is that you can use it to remotely control connected devices.

It shoots eight megapixel stills and 1080p video. A 16 gigabyte -microSD card is
-included for storage. We may have to wait six months or more for Rolling Bot as
it is still under development. Pricing and availability is unknown.

Starship Technologies' delivery robot Forget menacing cyclists riding on the
footpath. Soon delivery -machines will zip past you on the pavement.

Skype co-founders Ahti Heinla and Janus Friis are -behind an internet-controlled
local delivery robot that can ferry the equivalent of two grocery bags.

Just as you track your phone or Uber taxi from afar, you can track groceries,
pizza or red wines from a local store to home from an app.

But what about security? Starship says your goods are safe because no one other
than the recipient can unlock the cargo. But could you prevent someone on the
street stealing the robot with the goods inside? Robot-napping might have to
become a crime.

Heinla and Friis say the robot can be overseen by human operators who would
ensure its safety. But if -humans are needed, why not just use a delivery boy or
girl and keep things simple?

They say the robot would travel at walking pace, just 6km/h. Navigation and
obstacle avoidance software would see it blend in with pedestrian traffic. In
the end, there's lots of challenges for a -delivery robot to meet. We'll see how
good the idea is when a rollout takes place this year.

Sony Xperia Ear Done well, a mobile digital personal assistant can be a new-age
experience. Apple offers Siri, there's Google Now and Microsoft Cortana and you
engage them as you need them: for dictating text, looking up maps and
information, and for commanding your phone to play music tracks. Otherwise you
forget they are there.

Sony Xperia Ear has the potential to take that further, to a place where a
personal assistant becomes an -ongoing conversation, a continual interface
between you and the world. In Xperia Ear's case, that means a perpetual voice in
your ear, reading your emails, the weather, missed calls and telling you about
Facebook updates.

It -interprets your world. Its success will depend on how well Sony -implements
this.

Sony tried a very early version of the concept with its Smart B-Trainer and,
sadly, it wasn't so hot. It will be several months before Xperia Ear comes to
market, so hopefully the user experience will be good by then.Sony Xperia Ear is
designed to work with newer Android smartphones, comes in several colours and
with a case that's an integrated battery charger. Sadly, being a tiny
Bluetooth-connected device, there are limits on battery life, less than four
hours from reports.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Looking for GITEX Deals and Offers? We take the Top 5 Offers from Jumbo GITEX
2016 Shopper Spring Edition

LENGTH: 102  words


GITEX is always a good time to buy your favourite gadget- you tend to get a lot
more for your money with bundled accessories or vouchers. GITEX Shopper spring
edition is currently going on at DWTC and will last till the 2nd of April. Here
are some of the hottest deals by Jumbo this year:

LG V10

Although LG has announced the LG G5, the V10 is a fantastic phone with a bigger
display and a rugged look. Jumbo has priced it at AED 2199 and giving away
freebies such as an AED 150 gift voucher, a Ted Lapidus watch, a selfie stick, a
power bank and a backpack.

1
2
3
4
5
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/7/146046002149.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

LG, Bang & Olufsen to launch new OLED TVs in 2017

LENGTH: 291 words


LG Electronics has teamed up with Danish luxury audio and TV maker Bang &
Olufsen to develop new organic light-emitting diode TVs, with the first set to
be launched next year.

The Korean tech giant said Sunday that the strategic partnership will take
effect from next year and last for five years.

The deal comes at a crucial time for both companies which are struggling to gain
traction amid sluggish sales.

LG's latest Ultra OLED TV

LG is making an all-out effort to elevate OLED TV sales.

The company has poured resources into the production of OLED TVs, while its
rivals such as Samsung and Panasonics still stick to liquid-crystal display TVs
for better profits.

Compared to LCD, OLED boasts perfect blackness and color contrast but its tricky
production raises production costs and TV prices.

Partnering with B&O, the maker of $8,000-plus TVs, LG is expected to further
beef up the premium marketing. The company aims to triple OLED TV sales to some
940,000 units this year.

B&O also hopes to cut costs by outsourcing its money-losing TV production.
Currently, the company produces some 30,000 TVs annually, while LG's production
exceeds 40 million units.

The company said the LG deal will lead to annual savings of 150 million kroner
($23 million) to 200 million kroner when fully implemented in the next three
years.

Amid speculations that B&O is seeking a new owner after years of profit losses,
its share price soared about 10 percent Friday following the partnership
announcement.

This is not the first time for the two companies to join hands.

LG's latest flagship smartphone G5, a modular phone that has an accessory slot
to allow users to upgrade camera and sound functions, has a hi-fi sound system
module that is produced by B&O.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

New technology puts smartphone fingerprint reader under the screen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 271 words


New technology developed by LG Innotek could revolutionize the smartphones of
the future by placing a fingerprint sensor directly under the screen. In other
words, there would be no need for a button or raised module to house the
fingerprint reader that identifies users.

LG Innotek -- a subsidiary of the South Korean group, LG -- has developed a
fingerprint sensor module that fits under a smartphone's glass cover. With this
technology, users can place their finger directly on the display to verify their
identity, while the high-resistance glass protects the module from scratches,
water and dust. The fingerprint reader is just 0.3mm thick and can be placed at
the bottom of the screen, under the protective glass that covers the front of a
smartphone.

This kind of solution has several advantages. First of all, it makes for a
sleek, seamless design with no buttons or raised modules. Plus, from a practical
point of view, it improves the sensor's resistance to water and shocks. LG
Innotek even promises 99.998% reliability for the module.

If or when it rolls out into the smartphone market, this technology could see
the end of buttons and other types of physical features used to house
fingerprint readers.

Apple's iPhone 5s, which launched in September 2013, was the first smartphone to
come with a fingerprint reader. Since then, the technology has been brought to a
large number high-end smartphones, such as the latest-generation Samsung Galaxy
S7, HTC 10 and LG G5.

Almost 500 million fingerprint sensors were sold globally in 2015, according to
data from HIS. That's expected to rise to 1600 million unit sales in 2020.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     February 21, 2016 Sunday 11:11 AM GMT

Major new smartphones set to be unveiled at Mobile World Congress

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 292 words


The first major smartphones of 2016 are set to be announced today as the Mobile
World Congress (MWC) begins in Barcelona.

LG, Huawei and Samsung all hold press events ahead of the doors of the
technology show opening to the public on Monday, with new flagship devices
likely to be announced by all three firms.

LG is preparing to unveil the G5, its flagship smartphone. The Korean firm has
already been mentioning the device on social media, confirming it will come with
an "always-on" screen and revealing a smart case for it.

More details will be announced at its press conference on Sunday afternoon.

Fellow Korean manufacturer Samsung is expected to announce the next generation
of its Galaxy S handset - expected to be the S7 - which should follow the
all-metal design Samsung introduced in the S6 last year.

The MWC has become a key smartphone event in the technology calendar, with
hundreds of accessories shown off for the first time alongside the new devices,
as well as future technologies being broadly discussed.

This year is expected to see discussion on 5G internet - the next generation of
wireless data for phones which will bring faster internet speeds to mobile
devices - which could arrive by 2017.

Around 90,000 people are expected at the four-day technology show, which runs
until Thursday.

Chinese firm Huawei is also due to announce a series of new products, with
reports suggesting it could unveil a new laptop and smartwatch as well as a
successor to their P8 smartphone.

Though it is not holding a press conference, Taiwanese technology giant HTC is
also due to make an announcement.

The firm's first virtual reality headset, the HTC Vive, is due to go on sale in
April and more details could also be shared on the upcoming launch.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Now take VR photos easily with the LG 360 CAM

LENGTH: 262  words


LG makes it much easier to take 360 photos and videos

VR technology is creating all the buzz right now. With all the headsets coming
out of recent, something that was often overlooked was how complicated it was to
take 360 images and videos. Thanks to LG, this might not be a problem anymore.

Previously, you would need a set of expensive equipment to shoot or record 360
degree content, but thanks to modern technology smartphones of today are more
than capable of viewing VR content in full 360 degree view. LG is now showcasing
its new 360 CAM and 360 VR, the modular companions to the G5 smartphone, which
will make it easier to shoot VR content.

The LG 360 CAM has a compact design that makes it an ideal companion for taking
pictures or recording videos on the go. It comes with two 13MP lenses on a
stick, each takeing 200 degree wide angle photos and videos and then merging
them as one, thus creating a 360 degree capture. It also has a 1200 mAh battery,
which is capable of recording of upto 70 minutes, which is stored in the built
in 4GB storage or a microSD card. It also has a USB C port and a tripod mount.
The LG 360 CAM is also capable of taking videos in 2K resolution, with high
quality sound thanks to its three microphones. You can also adjust the shutter
speed, ISO and white balance. In terms of connectivity, it supports Bluetooth or
Wi-Fi.

These images will also be uploaded to Google Street View and YouTube 360. All
these features make it an ideal VR camera, both in terms of ease of use, and
price.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/51/146046008366.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Apple iPhone 7 has worst battery life in its class: new report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 416 words


ApplecsciPhone 7 sure is snazzy   until it turns into a doorstop.

According to a recent study of the latest high-end smartphones,cthe iPhone 7 is
worst in class for battery life, running out of juice faster than its rivals
during calls and web browsing.

cThe iPhone 7 may be touted by Apple as its best smartphone ever, as is
tradition, but sometimes your best just isnct good enough,c said a blog post by
Which?, a U.K. firm that conducted the research.

The firm measured the iPhone 7cs battery life   making calls and surfing the web
against that of competitorsc Samsung Galaxy S7, HTC 10 and LG G5.

cThe results were staggering,c according to cWhich?.

For making calls, the iPhone 7 lasted 712 minutes, compared to 1,492 for the
Samsung, 1,579 for the LG and 1,859 for the HTC.

During web browsing, the iPhone 7 stayed alive for 615 minutes. Here, Apple was
closer to its competitors than it was with making calls. But it still lagged
considerably. The LG went for 640 minutes, the Samsung for 677, and the HTC
again came out on top, with 790.

The research firm blamed the iPhonecs relatively poor battery life on the size
of the battery.

cSmartphone batteries are measured incmilliampere hours (mAh),c the companycs
blog post said. cThe iPhone 7 has a 1,960mAh battery, whilst the HTC 10 has a
3,000mAh battery: it should hardly be surprising that one battery nearly half
the size of another offers roughly half as much charge.c

Apple already got grief from The Guardian over the iPhone 7cs battery life   and
charging time. Although the online newspaper described the phonecs performance
asccsnappy,c it condemned the battery life as cpoor,c saying it was worse than
that of the iPhone 6S.

cTo get through 24 hours, youcll be forced to have a power adapter close by,
shove it in a battery pack or charge at your desk, which means you wonct be able
listen to music at the same time via cabled headphones   more on that later,c
The Guardian said. ccTo make matters worse, the iPhone 7 has the worst of all
worlds: short battery life and tediously slow charging. Even using the 12W
charger that came with the iPad Pro it took well over two hours to fully charge
the iPhone 7.c

c

Photo:cPhil Schiller, Applecs senior vice president of worldwide marketing,
talks about Applecs iPhone lineup during an event to announce new products,
Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

The post Apple iPhone 7 has worst battery life in its class: new report appeared
first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

LG launches V20, the first Android 7.0 Nougat smartphone

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 7 -- LG is unveiling the first phone to ship with Google's
new Android Nougat software, in hopes of appealing to people who like to take
and share photos and video.


 The new V20 phone comes on the eve of a San Francisco event where Apple is
expected to launch new iPhones.
 Nougat is already available as a free upgrade on some Google phones under the
Nexus brand. The V20 would be the first with Nougat already installed. Other
phones aren't likely to get Nougat for a while because individual phone makers
and wireless carriers have to tweak and test the new software first.
 Many of the Android improvements in Nougat are "under the hood" and thus
largely invisible, such as tweaks to reduce battery consumption and cellular
data use.
 The most obvious changes include the ability to run two apps side by side,
something Samsung and LG have offered on their phones on a limited basis. Nougat
will also let people reply to messages within notifications, something Apple
already offers on iPhones.
 Meanwhile, the V20 promises higher-quality audio playback and recording, with
reduced background noise, according to LG. The company also says it also
improved image stabilization when recording video. LG spokesman Frank Lee
described the V20's target audience as "storytellers".
 Like LG's G5 phone, which it released in April, the V20 will have two lenses on
the main camera - one for regular pictures and one with a wide angle to capture
more of the scene. Unlike many other top-line phones, the V20 features a
replaceable battery.
 The V20 is expected in South Korea this month, with other markets, including
the U.S., to follow. LG didn't immediately announce prices.
 Apple also plans to update its phone software this month. The update, iOS 10,
will come with new messanging and photo features and more detailed notifications
on the lock screen. Existing iPhone users will be encouraged to upgrade for the
software for free. New iPhones expected to be unveiled on Wednesday will come
with iOS 10.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics India hires Snapdeal's Saif Iqbal

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: STARTUPS

LENGTH: 432 words


KOLKATA: LG Electronics India has hired Saif Iqbal, Snapdeal's business head for
electronics, to shape its ecommerce strategy by December, people aware of the
development said.

The country's largest white goods maker plans to launch televisions, white goods
and smartphones exclusively for online sales so as to minimise conflict with
brick-and-mortar retailing, they said.

Till the time this article was published, LG Electronics India had not responded
to ET's email query in this regard sent on Friday.

Two senior industry executives said LG is one of the last big consumer
electronics brands in the country to adopt the online route.

They said LG was wary of this since it did not want to antagonise the
brick-and-mortar channel, but with online predatory discounting fizzling out and
ecommerce accounting for almost 30% of smartphone and 10% of television sales,
the company has decided to flesh out a full-fledged strategy.

"LG plans to partner with leading ecommerce sites like Amazon, Snapdeal and
Flipkart so that it can launch online exclusive models, control price and the
service experience," said one of the executive cited earlier. "It also wants to
float brand stores in these online marketplaces like the way Samsung has done.
While there may be some products which will be sold both online and offline, the
brand will ensure there are no arbitrary discounts."

Iqbal, an alumnus of Indian School of Business and IIT Roorkee, had built
Snapdeal's presence in white goods, consumer electronics and computers.

Last week, LG entered into an exclusively partnership with Flipkart for online
sales of its latest flagship smartphone, G5.

LG India managing director Ki Wan Kim had recently told ET that he had purchased
LG products from leading ecommerce sites and seen that there are issues with
installation and service. He had said the company will venture into online sales
if it becomes a mainstream sales channel.

LG promotes online sales from its own portal and has even issued an advisory
saying it does not vouch for authorised service support and guarantee
originality of the product purchased from any other website.

While LG has been a long leader in refrigerators, washing machines and microwave
ovens, last December the company overtook Sony to become No 2 in the Indian
flat-panel TV segment.

The company is looking to build its smartphone business.

LG's growth rate in India had been impacted due to low sales of white goods. In
2014-15, the company grew by 12% after three years of no growth. Financial
results for 2015-16 are yet to be declared.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics India hires Snapdeal's Saif Iqbal

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: ELECTRONICS

LENGTH: 432 words


KOLKATA: LG Electronics India has hired Saif Iqbal, Snapdeal's business head for
electronics, to shape its ecommerce strategy by December, people aware of the
development said.

The country's largest white goods maker plans to launch televisions, white goods
and smartphones exclusively for online sales so as to minimise conflict with
brick-and-mortar retailing, they said.

Till the time this article was published, LG Electronics India had not responded
to ET's email query in this regard sent on Friday.

Two senior industry executives said LG is one of the last big consumer
electronics brands in the country to adopt the online route.

They said LG was wary of this since it did not want to antagonise the
brick-and-mortar channel, but with online predatory discounting fizzling out and
ecommerce accounting for almost 30% of smartphone and 10% of television sales,
the company has decided to flesh out a full-fledged strategy.

"LG plans to partner with leading ecommerce sites like Amazon, Snapdeal and
Flipkart so that it can launch online exclusive models, control price and the
service experience," said one of the executive cited earlier. "It also wants to
float brand stores in these online marketplaces like the way Samsung has done.
While there may be some products which will be sold both online and offline, the
brand will ensure there are no arbitrary discounts."

Iqbal, an alumnus of Indian School of Business and IIT Roorkee, had built
Snapdeal's presence in white goods, consumer electronics and computers.

Last week, LG entered into an exclusively partnership with Flipkart for online
sales of its latest flagship smartphone, G5.

LG India managing director Ki Wan Kim had recently told ET that he had purchased
LG products from leading ecommerce sites and seen that there are issues with
installation and service. He had said the company will venture into online sales
if it becomes a mainstream sales channel.

LG promotes online sales from its own portal and has even issued an advisory
saying it does not vouch for authorised service support and guarantee
originality of the product purchased from any other website.

While LG has been a long leader in refrigerators, washing machines and microwave
ovens, last December the company overtook Sony to become No 2 in the Indian
flat-panel TV segment.

The company is looking to build its smartphone business.

LG's growth rate in India had been impacted due to low sales of white goods. In
2014-15, the company grew by 12% after three years of no growth. Financial
results for 2015-16 are yet to be declared.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 12, 2016 Monday

LG unveils first phone to ship with Google's new Android

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 341 words


SAN FRANCISCO * LG is unveiling the first phone to ship with Google's new
Android Nougat software, in hopes of appealing to people who like to take and
share photos and video.

The new V20 phone comes on the eve of a San Francisco event where Apple is
expected to launch new iPhones.

Nougat is already available as a free upgrade on some Google phones under the
Nexus brand. The V20 would be the first with Nougat already installed. Other
phones aren't likely to get Nougat for a while because individual phone makers
and wireless carriers have to tweak and test the new software first.

Many of the Android improvements in Nougat are "under the hood" and thus largely
invisible, such as tweaks to reduce battery consumption and cellular data use.

The most obvious changes include the ability to run two apps side by side,
something Samsung and LG have offered on their phones on a limited basis. Nougat
will also let people reply to messages within notifications, something Apple
already offers on iPhones.

Meanwhile, the V20 promises higher-quality audio playback and recording, with
reduced background noise, according to LG. The company also says it also
improved image stabilization when recording video. LG spokesman Frank Lee
described the V20's target audience as "storytellers."

Like LG's G5 phone, which it released in April, the V20 will have two lenses on
the main camera - one for regular pictures and one with a wide angle to capture
more of the scene. Unlike many other top-line phones, the V20 features a
replaceable battery.

The V20 is expected in South Korea this month, with other markets, including the
U.S., to follow. LG didn't immediately announce prices.

Apple also plans to update its phone software this month. The update, iOS 10,
will come with new messanging and photo features and more detailed notifications
on the lock screen. Existing iPhone users will be encouraged to upgrade for the
software for free. New iPhones expected to be unveiled Wednesday will come with
iOS 10. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

5 eye-catching gadgets shown at Consumer Electronics Show 2016

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 18 -- Among some of the eye-catching products on display at
this year's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas (USA), which opens
Wednesday, January 6, 2016 are sleek TVs and Samsung's approach to the 12-inch
tablet.


 iLi
 Japanese start-up Logbar presented iLi, a compact wearable device that can
translate any sentence spoken into its microphone into one of three languages
then deliver it back through an onboard speaker - no Internet connection
required. As yet, the device only works with English, Japanese and Chinese.
French, Thai and Korean should follow soon.
 Check out iLi in action here: youtu.be/B6ngM0LHxuU
 Samsung TabPro S
 Samsung has launched its first 12-inch tablet, the TabPro S, designed to rival
the Apple iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. The tablet runs Windows 10
and ships with a removable keyboard. It's expected in stores from February 2016.

 LG Signature G6
 South Korean manufacturer LG has caused something of a stir with its G6, a
77-inch 4K TV with an OLED screen that's just 2.57mm thick. While paving the way
for super-slim designs, OLED technology also ensures higher levels of brightness
than classic LCD screens. Note that LG has 65-inch and 55-inch (LG G5) models
also on show at CES. The Signature G6 is due out in March 2016.
 Acer Chromebase 24
 It may look like an iMac wannabe, but Acer's new Chromebase 24 brings a 2016
revamp to the firm's Chromebook range of PCs running Chrome OS and developed in
partnership with Google. With its 23.8-inch display (1920 x 1080 pixels), this
all-in-one computer has 8GB of RAM, four microphones and an HD webcam. The
Chromebase 24 is currently being previewed at CES, and is lined up to launch in
Q1 2016.
 Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor
 Casio has unveiled its first Android smartwatch at this year's CES. It's aimed
primarily at hikers and other outdoor enthusiasts, boasting resistance to water,
dust and vibrations. It's expected to land in spring 2016 priced around $500
(approx. (EURO)465).
 Check out the Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor in action here: youtu.be/aXWhv0Yd5Sg

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Top tech picks at CES 2016: wearable translator, ultra-slim 4K TV, outdoor
smartwatch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 349 words


Among some of the eye-catching products on display at this year's Consumer
Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas (USA), which opens Wednesday, January 6,
2016 are sleek TVs and Samsung's approach to the 12-inch tablet.

iLi
Japanese start-up Logbar presented iLi, a compact wearable device that can
translate any sentence spoken into its microphone into one of three languages
then deliver it back through an onboard speaker -- no Internet connection
required. As yet, the device only works with English, Japanese and Chinese.
French, Thai and Korean should follow soon.
Check out iLi in action here: youtu.be/B6ngM0LHxuU

Samsung TabPro S
Samsung has launched its first 12-inch tablet, the TabPro S, designed to rival
the Apple iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. The tablet runs Windows 10
and ships with a removable keyboard. It's expected in stores from February 2016.

LG Signature G6
South Korean manufacturer LG has caused something of a stir with its G6, a
77-inch 4K TV with an OLED screen that's just 2.57mm thick. While paving the way
for super-slim designs, OLED technology also ensures higher levels of brightness
than classic LCD screens. Note that LG has 65-inch and 55-inch (LG G5) models
also on show at CES. The Signature G6 is due out in March 2016.

Acer Chromebase 24
It may look like an iMac wannabe, but Acer's new Chromebase 24 brings a 2016
revamp to the firm's Chromebook range of PCs running Chrome OS and developed in
partnership with Google. With its 23.8-inch display (1920 x 1080 pixels), this
all-in-one computer has 8GB of RAM, four microphones and an HD webcam. The
Chromebase 24 is currently being previewed at CES, and is lined up to launch in
Q1 2016.

Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor
Casio has unveiled its first Android smartwatch at this year's CES. It's aimed
primarily at hikers and other outdoor enthusiasts, boasting resistance to water,
dust and vibrations. It's expected to land in spring 2016 priced around $500
(approx. [#x20ac]465).
Check out the Casio WSD-F10 Smart Outdoor in action here: youtu.be/aXWhv0Yd5Sg

CES runs January 6-9, 2016 in Las Vegas. Website: cesweb.org

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                              June 6, 2016 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

LG Electronics India Ropes in Snapdeal's Saif Iqbal

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES: PURSUIT OF PROFIT

LENGTH: 426 words


LG Electronics India has hired Saif Iqbal, Snapdeal's business head for
electronics, to shape its ecommerce strategy by December, people aware of the
development said.

The country's largest white goods maker plans to launch televisions, white goods
and smartphones exclusively for online sales so as to minimise conflict with
brick-and-mortar retailing, they said.

Till the time this article was published, LG Electronics India had not responded
to ET's email query in this regard sent on Friday. Two senior industry
executives said LG is one of the last big consumer electronics brands in the
country to adopt the online route.

They said LG was wary of this since it did not want to antagonise the
brick-and-mortar

channel, but with online predatory discounting fizzling out and ecommerce
accounting for almost 30% of smartphone and 10% of television sales, the company
has decided to flesh out a full-fledged strategy.

"LG plans to partner with leading ecommerce sites like Amazon, Snapdeal and
Flipkart so that it can launch online exclusive models, control price

and the service experience," sa id one of the ex ecutive cited earlier. "It also
wants to float brand stores in these online marketplaces like the way Samsung
has do ne. While there may be some products which will be sold both

online and offline, the brand will ensure there are no arbitrary discounts."

Saif Iqbal, an alumnus of Indian School of Business and IIT Roorkee, had built
Snapdeal's presence in white goods, consumer electronics and computers.

Last week, LG entered into an exclusively partnership with Flipkart for online
sales of its latest flagship smartphone, G5.

LG India managing director Ki Wan Kim had recently told ET that he had purchased
LG products from leading ecommerce sites and seen that there are issues with
installation and service. He had said the company will venture into online sales
if it becomes a mainstream sales channel. LG promotes online sales from its own
portal and has even issued an advisory saying it does not vouch for authorised
service support and guarantee originality of the product purchased from any
other website.

While LG has been a long leader in refrigerators, washing machines and microwave
ovens, last December the company overtook Sony to become No 2 in the Indian
flat-panel TV segment. The company is looking to build its smartphone business.
LG's growth rate in India had been impacted due to low sales of white goods.

In 2014-15, the company grew by 12% after three years of no growth. Financial
results for 2015-16 are yet to be declared.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             Paisley Daily Express

                             March 18, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Title rating .... Space age fun

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 43 words


LG Rolling Bot This LG Robot Bot is like StarWars' BB-8 droid cat toy for
grown-ups. This super ball is just one of many accessories designed with the LG
in mind, and it's easily the most exciting of the bunch.G5 turns into remote
that can control the ball.

GADGET

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PDE


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Mobile congress set for dose of virtual reality;
Firms are branching out, with 360-degree cameras, robots and immersive headsets

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 607 words


Virtual reality dominated the headlines in advance of the opening of Mobile
World Congress as mobile makers rushed to take make their mark with the new
technology.

From Samsung's virtual reality launch of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge to LG's new
headset, the immersive technology was on everyone's minds.

With the show set to open today, the mobile companies were gearing up to grab
headlines. But where new mobile handsets would once have created much of the
buzz around Mobile World Congress, things have moved on.

This year, virtual reality, 360 cameras and new hybrid tablets and laptops were
making their debut as companies and took this year's conference theme - Mobile
is Everything - on board.

As journalists gathered for the congress, the big companies unveiled a host of
new products. A modular Android phone, a rolling robot and a virtual reality
headset were just some of the products unveiled by LG at its press conference.

Wide-angle lens

The much-anticipated LG G5 smartphone turned out to have more than just a
removable battery; the handset is designed to mould itself to your whim,
allowing you to add components such as a digital to analogue converter to boost
your audio quality and a camera controller. More parts are expected.

The device also comes with two camera lenses on the back - one for capturing
everyday photographs, the other for wide-angle shots.

The virtual reality headset marks LG's entry into an increasingly popular
market. Unlike rival Samsung, LG opted to make a headset that has its own
display, rather than relying on your smartphone to provide the visuals.

However, phones are being pressed into service: as a touchscreen control for the
headset. It's expected to be more expensive than the Samsung Gear VR.

LG also tried to wow attendees with a robot ball and hand-held camera that makes
360 degree videos.

The company is trying to make its mark in an increasingly crowded mobile
industry. It has fallen behind Samsung and other Android phone makers at the top
end of the market and is facing increased competition from Chinese rivals such
as Huawei and ZTE, which are pitching more affordable phones with premium
functions.

Two-in-one

Meanwhile Huawei unveiled a two-in-one laptop and tablet designed to take on the
iPad Pro and Microsoft's Surface devices, although the anticipated P9 smartphone
failed to make an appearance.

The company had been expected to add to its phone range at the Mobile World
Congress but its pre-show press event concentrated on the latest addition to the
tablet lineup.

Dubbed the MateBook, the 12in tablet is powered by a sixth generation Intel
CoreM processor and runs Windows 10.

Among its accessories are a keyboard cover, stylus and compact dock that expands
the available ports on the device. It also uses the new USBC standard, making it
thinner than the rival Surface Pro 4 made by Microsoft.

Outlining some of the most common PC headaches, including poor display, Huawei's
Richard Yu said the company was planning to bring a "new PC world" to consumers.

The device's MatePen gets around potential accusations of "dumb stylus" by
building in a laser pointer and presentation controls.

The MateBook also has a fingerprint reader that allows you to assign different
fingerprints to start up various accounts, and an all-in-one compact MateDock.
The tablet has built-in dual speakers with Dolby audio, and a noise-cancelling
headset that charges through the MateBook.

Intel's Kirk Skaugen outlined the benefits of the device, pinpointing
two-in-ones as a fast-growing category, second only to phablets: large screened
mobile phones that are a cross between phones and tablets.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

Korean Giants Take the Way Forward

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, March 6 -- To keep pace with changing times, LG wants to make a
difference with its latest flagship concept, the G5. Taking a leaf out of
Google's modular phone model, the concept looks as good as any of Android top
range phones. It has a 5.3-inch screen with a 2560 x 1440 resolution snugly
sitting inside an aluminium unibody.

If one pulls out the chin of the phone, it comes clean off along with a battery
inside. That chin can be replaced with any of the extra modules that LG sells.
One of the modules is Cam Plus, which adds dedicated camera controls, an
enlarged camera grip and up to 50 per cent extra battery life to the phone.
Another module made for audiophiles in collaboration with the audio company Bang
& Olufsen is called the Hi-Fi Plus, and it is a 32-bit DAC and amplifier unit
capable of outputting high quality beats using the included H3 B&O Play
earphones.

Another prominent feature is the presence of the dual camera unit on the back,
carrying a regular 16-megapixel sensor and a 135-degree wide angle 8-megapixel
sensor. It has Snapdragon 820 processor complemented by 4GB of RAM, 32GB of
internal storage that can be expanded. It runs on Android 6.0, and has a
2,800mAh battery.

Last year, with the launch of Galaxy S6 and the S6 Edge, Samsung wanted to prove
that it can make desirable phones out of glass and metal. In doing so, it had to
compromise on many fan favourites like micro-SD cards and water proofing.

A year later, the company wants to build on the great design without sacrificing
any functionality. So, the S7 and the S7 Edge look pretty similar to their
predecessors, albeit with curved backs which makes them easier to handle. More
importantly, they restore all the features that were missing from the
predecessors like water and dust resistance and use of a micro-SD card to extend
the internal 32GB storage.

Both the phones come with QHD Super AMOLED displays, but where the S7 is just
5.1-inch, the one on the bigger curvier Edge is 5.5-inches. The back camera is
downgraded from 16 to 12 megapixels which makes for a smaller bump on the back,
but Samsung ensures that it still makes good photos owing to better lenses.
Running Android 6.0, both the phones have Snagdragon 820 processors. They will
come with features like always- on display in black, gold or silver options.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

LG announces its first 360 degree photo/video contest

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, July 7 -- Here is your a chance to win an LG G5.

All you have to do is capture your perspective of life in a 360 degree frame
through any camera. Upload your 360 photo or video on your Facebook timeline and
share the link in the comments section on the LG India Mobile Facebook Page.
Don't forget to use the hashtag '#Lifein360' in all of your posts! The contest
ends on August 5, and the winners will be announced on August 10, handpicked by
gadget guru Rajiv Makhni and celebrity photographer Atul Kasbekar.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday
                             Print & First Editions

SPACE SAVERS;
KIT Your weekly travel digest

BYLINE: JULIETTA JAMESON

SECTION: TRAVELLER; Check-In; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 144  words


ZOOMLITE SET OF FOUR PACKING CUBES

$49.95. Zoomlite has released their handy packing cube set in a bright shade of
pink. Ideal for compressing bulky garments, grouping smalls or sectioning off a
suitcase, these cubes feature breathable mesh for visibility and can be just
picked up out of luggage and put in hotel room drawers for easy unpacking.

LG G5

$1099. No need to pack a camera: LG's premium phone has two built in. The
primary rear camera has a 16MP 78-degree lens, with Optical Image Stabilisation,
and a 135-degree rear wide angle camera with a 135-degree field of view. See lg.
com.au

BLACKWOLF RYEBUCK LITE

$329.99. By removing the foam mattress included with traditional swags, the
Ryebuck reduces the pack size by almost 70 per cent to easily fit in your hiking
pack or on the back a motorcycle. Use an inflatable mattress (extra) with it.
See blackwolf.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronics extends losses on smartphone sales

LENGTH: 154 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics on Oct. 27 reported its third-quarter operating
profit of 283.2 billion won (US$250.90 million), down 3.7 percent from a year
ago.

Revenue also fell 5.7 percent on year to 13.2 trillion won.

Despite strong sales of its TVs and home appliances, the mobile business
division suffered extended losses of 466.4 billion won after a series of
failures in its flagship G series phones in recent years, including the latest
G5.

"Phone sales declined almost 24 percent due to sluggish premium models and their
slowing product prices," the company said. Smartphone shipments tumbled 41
percent on its home turf alone.

"The ongoing restructuring at the mobile business division will be finalized
soon to improve its financial and operational structures."

The company said it would make all-out efforts for marketing activities of the
latest bigger-screen V20 smartphone in the rest of the year.

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

360-deg cameras and virtual reality devices

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting In Barcelona

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 401 words


Smartphone companion devices like 360-degree cameras and virtual reality
goggles, and souped-up flagship phones dominated the announcements in the
lead-up to the Mobile World Congress 2016.

Korean tech giants Samsung and LG unveiled their first portable 360-degree
cameras a day before the opening of the world's largest exhibition for the
mobile industry in Barcelona, Spain, yesterday.

These 360-degree cameras allow users to easily create their own virtual reality
(VR) content for viewing on VR headsets, tipped to be the next big thing with
the imminent release of the Oculus Rift and the PlayStation VR set this year.

At the Samsung launch event, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg took the stage
pledging the social media network's commitment to support 360 videos.

"Pretty soon, we're going to live in a world where everyone (can) share and
experience whole scenes as if you're right there in person... That is why
Facebook is investing so much early on in virtual reality," said Mr Zuckerberg.

Specifically, Samsung showed off its Gear 360, a portable 360-degree camera with
two 15-megapixel fisheye lenses facing back- to-back. Content taken can be
viewed on the Samsung Gear VR headset released last November.

Meanwhile, LG unveiled the LG 360 Cam, which sports two 13-megapixel 200-degree
wide-angle cameras, as well as its first VR headset, the LG 360 VR. It also
unveiled other companion devices to its smartphones, including the LG Cam Plus,
an add-on camera module that gives users physical buttons to operate the phone's
camera, and the LG Smart Controller, which allows users to control drones.

The two Korean tech giants also announced the latest, souped-up models of their
flagship smartphones: the Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge, and the LG G5.

Analysts think that companion devices like 360-degree cameras and virtual
reality headsets will take three to four years before they gain mainstream
adoption.

Ms Julie Ask, vice-president and principal analyst at research firm Forrester,
cited the high cost and the lack of an open ecosystem as the main obstacles.
"Not all of this technology is easy to set up or control via a mobile device,"
she added.

Mr Thomas Husson, vice-president and principal analyst at Forrester, said: "With
360-degree cameras, self-created virtual reality content will slowly emerge, and
entertainment firms will progressively create immersive gaming experiences."

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

LG V20 specifications tipped; 20MP camera, Snapdragon 820 CPU and more expected

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 310 words


NEW DELHI: LG recently confirmed that it would be launching its V20 smartphone
soon , which would reportedly be its first smartphone running Android 7.0 Nougat
out of the box. And although the South Korean tech giant hasn't yet mentioned
anything else about the device, a leak has popped-up showing the purported
specifications of the upcoming smartphone.The leaked image, coming from a Korean
website Sedaily (via Phone Arena), suggests that the LG V20 will feature a
5.5-inch Full HD resolution display of 1080x1920 pixel resolution. This is quite
surprising as the current LG V10 has a larger 5.7-inch display with better
1440x2560 pixel resolution.The V20 will be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm
Snapdragon 820 processor clubbed with Adreno 530 GPU and 3GB/4GB RAM.

It is supposed to come with 32GB /64GB of in-built storage, along with support
for microSD cards of up to 256GB in size.Interestingly, the leak reveals nothing
about the V20 having a secondary screen as in the case of the V10. There is also
no mention of the device coming with a dual camera setup. The handset will
likely include a 20MP rear camera and an 8MP front-facing shooter. A USB Type-C
port and a 4,000mAh battery are also expected.According to LG, the focus of the
V20 will be delivering a better multimedia experience. The device will launch in
September.LG recently announced its financial results for Q2 2016. The company
shipped a total of 13.9 million smartphones in the second quarter, an increase
of 3% from the previous quarter. The mobile division also registered revenues of
$2.86 billion, a 12% increase over the first quarter, while declining over the
same period the year before. LG reported an operating loss of $132.10 million,
blaming "reflected increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial
sales of G5 smartphone."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday
                               Telegraph4 Edition

FOR THE SMART ONLY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 81  words


AUSTRALIANS will be able to build their own smartphones from next month. LG's
unusual "modular" smartphone will feature a metal body that can be pulled apart
and upgraded with dedicated camera buttons, a new battery or an insert
delivering a Bang & Olufsen audio upgrade.LG Australia mobile communications
general manager Gino Casha said the build-it-yourself approach to the $1099 G5
was designed to "bring fun back to mobile phones" and give consumers a new
reason to upgrade handsets.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday
                               Telegraph Edition

FOR THE SMART ONLY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 81  words


AUSTRALIANS will be able to build their own smartphones from next month. LG's
unusual "modular" smartphone will feature a metal body that can be pulled apart
and upgraded with dedicated camera buttons, a new battery or an insert
delivering a Bang & Olufsen audio upgrade.LG Australia mobile communications
general manager Gino Casha said the build-it-yourself approach to the $1099 G5
was designed to "bring fun back to mobile phones" and give consumers a new
reason to upgrade handsets.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics India hires Snapdeal's Saif Iqbal

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 433 words


KOLKATA: LG Electronics India has hired Saif Iqbal, Snapdeal's business head for
electronics, to shape its e-commerce strategy by December, people aware of the
development said.

The country's largest white goods maker plans to launch televisions, white goods
and smartphones exclusively for online sales so as to minimise conflict with
brick-and-mortar retailing, they said.

Till the time this article was published, LG Electronics India had not responded
to ET's email query in this regard sent on Friday.

Two senior industry executives said LG is one of the last big consumer
electronics brands in the country to adopt the online route.

They said LG was wary of this since it did not want to antagonise the
brick-and-mortar channel, but with online predatory discounting fizzling out and
e-commerce accounting for almost 30% of smartphone and 10% of television sales,
the company has decided to flesh out a full-fledged strategy.

"LG plans to partner with leading e-commerce sites like Amazon, Snapdeal and
Flipkart so that it can launch online exclusive models, control price and the
service experience," said one of the executive cited earlier. "It also wants to
float brand stores in these online marketplaces like the way Samsung has done.
While there may be some products which will be sold both online and offline, the
brand will ensure there are no arbitrary discounts."

Iqbal, an alumnus of Indian School of Business and IIT Roorkee, had built
Snapdeal's presence in white goods, consumer electronics and computers.

Last week, LG entered into an exclusively partnership with Flipkart for online
sales of its latest flagship smartphone, G5.

LG India managing director Ki Wan Kim had recently told ET that he had purchased
LG products from leading e-commerce sites and seen that there are issues with
installation and service. He had said the company will venture into online sales
if it becomes a mainstream sales channel.

LG promotes online sales from its own portal and has even issued an advisory
saying it does not vouch for authorised service support and guarantee
originality of the product purchased from any other website.

While LG has been a long leader in refrigerators, washing machines and microwave
ovens, last December the company overtook Sony to become No 2 in the Indian
flat-panel TV segment.

The company is looking to build its smartphone business.

LG's growth rate in India had been impacted due to low sales of white goods. In
2014-15, the company grew by 12% after three years of no growth. Financial
results for 2015-16 are yet to be declared.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              June 6, 2016 Monday

LG Electronics India hires Snapdeal's Saif Iqbal

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


KOLKATA: LG Electronics India has hired Saif Iqbal, Snapdeal's business head for
electronics, to shape its e-commerce strategy by December, people aware of the
development said.

The country's largest white goods maker plans to launch televisions, white goods
and smartphones exclusively for online sales so as to minimise conflict with
brick-and-mortar retailing, they said.

Till the time this article was published, LG Electronics India had not responded
to ET's email query in this regard sent on Friday.

Two senior industry executives said LG is one of the last big consumer
electronics brands in the country to adopt the online route.

They said LG was wary of this since it did not want to antagonise the
brick-and-mortar channel, but with online predatory discounting fizzling out and
e-commerce accounting for almost 30% of smartphone and 10% of television sales,
the company has decided to flesh out a full-fledged strategy.

"LG plans to partner with leading e-commerce sites like Amazon, Snapdeal and
Flipkart so that it can launch online exclusive models, control price and the
service experience," said one of the executive cited earlier. "It also wants to
float brand stores in these online marketplaces like the way Samsung has done.
While there may be some products which will be sold both online and offline, the
brand will ensure there are no arbitrary discounts."

Iqbal, an alumnus of Indian School of Business and IIT Roorkee, had built
Snapdeal's presence in white goods, consumer electronics and computers.

Last week, LG entered into an exclusively partnership with Flipkart for online
sales of its latest flagship smartphone, G5.

LG India managing director Ki Wan Kim had recently told ET that he had purchased
LG products from leading e-commerce sites and seen that there are issues with
installation and service. He had said the company will venture into online sales
if it becomes a mainstream sales channel.

LG promotes online sales from its own portal and has even issued an advisory
saying it does not vouch for authorised service support and guarantee
originality of the product purchased from any other website.

While LG has been a long leader in refrigerators, washing machines and microwave
ovens, last December the company overtook Sony to become No 2 in the Indian
flat-panel TV segment.

The company is looking to build its smartphone business.

LG's growth rate in India had been impacted due to low sales of white goods. In
2014-15, the company grew by 12% after three years of no growth. Financial
results for 2015-16 are yet to be declared.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

LG Electronicsâ[#x20ac][TM] Q3 operating profits down on slowing smartphone
sales

LENGTH: 227 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics' operating profits in the third quarter is
estimated to fall 3.7 percent on-year possibly due to its sluggish smartphone
sales, the company said in its earnings guidance report on Oct. 7.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

LG said it expects an operating profit of 283.2 billion won (US$253.40 million)
during the July-September period, which compared to 293.9 billion won a year
ago.

The figure missed an earlier market consensus of an estimated 319.4 billion won,
according to FN Guide, a local market tracker.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The company said sales were also estimated to decline 5.8 percent to 13.2
trillion won.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The company didn't release breakdown profits in individual business divisions,
with the final earnings report scheduled to be made later this month.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Despite strong sales in home appliance and parts units, local analysts predict
that the mobile business division is expected to suffer an operating loss worth
about 200 billion won to 400 billion won after the dismal failure of the latest
flagship smartphone G5, the world's first modular smartphone accompanied with
accessory modules to upgrade camera and audio functions.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

The mobile business division, which has continued shrinking its organization,
has posted an operating loss in recent years, including 202.2 billion won in the
first quarter and 153.5 billion won in the second quarter.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

LG Electronicsâ[#x20ac][TM] Q2 operating profit jumps 140%

LENGTH: 353 words


[THE INVESTOR] LG Electronics saw its operating income soar nearly 140 percent
on-year to 584.6 billion won (US$519.7 million) in the April-June period on the
back of strong sales of home appliances and air-conditioning systems, the
company said in its earnings report on July 28.

The company's revenue came in at 14 trillion won, up 0.6 percent from a year
earlier.

LG Electronics' R&D center in Seocho, Seoul / LG Electronics

LG's home appliance & air solution unit and home entertainment unit -- two of
the tech giant's four core business pillars -- posted a record high operating
profit of 433.7 billion won and 356.7 billion won, respectively, in the second
quarter.

The operating income figures increased 4.8 percent and 5.7 percent,
respectively.

The HAA unit posted 4.7 trillion won in revenue, up 4.8 percent on-year while
the HE unit logged 4.16 trillion won in revenue, up 5.7 percent compared to a
year earlier.

The company attributed the improved operating profit of the two businesses to
increased sales of its high-end products including the LG Signature collection,
and the TwinWah washer.

LG's mobile division, however, suffered an operating loss of 153.5 billion won
due to increased marketing costs and a sales slump for its latest flagship G5
smartphone. Its revenue came in at 3.26 trillion won, down 6.2 year-over-year.

Overall smartphone shipments increased 3 percent from the previous quarter with
a total of 13.9 million smartphones shipped in the second quarter.

"The launch of the new V series and expanding sales of the K and X series models
are expected to improve the mobile business unit's performance next quarter,"
the company said.

Although the tech firm's vehicle component business achieved a 42-percent sales
hike to US$639.6 billion, compared to the same period last year, it posted an
operating loss of 16.8 billion won in the second quarter.

The firm offered a positive outlook on the vehicle components segment in the
third quarter when General Motors' electric vehicle, Chevrolet Bolt, equipped
with LG's components will be launched in the quarter.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       August 9, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

'Quadrooter' Affects 900 Million Devices With Qualcomm Processors

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 296  words


Quadrooter exposes 4 vulnerabilities, allowing to take control of the phones
having Qualcomm processors.

Phones running with Qualcomm processors beware! Quadrooter, a security flaw in
phones with that brand of processors, allows hackers to take control via 4
essential routes. According to Check Point software technologies, who informed
of the vulnerabilities, mentioned in a blog post, "If exploited, QuadRooter
vulnerabilities can give attackers complete control of devices and unrestricted
access to sensitive personal and enterprise data on them. Access could also
provide an attacker with capabilities such as keylogging, GPS tracking, and
recording video and audio," reported TOI.

What makes the situation even more tricky is that the vulnerability is exposed
by a malicious software that would hardly need any permission of the user to
work, which would not generate any suspicion on part of the phone user.

According to the details in the Check Point blog post, Quadrooter directly
affects a smartphone's drivers which control the communication between different
chipset components. The issue further becomes weak as the vulnerable drivers are
generally pre-installed by phone makers during the manufacturing process, so to
combat the issue currently, the phone makers need to send in security patches
for a cover up.

Hence, Check Point has recommended that users download and use the latest
Android updates as and when they become available, avoid APK files and also read
app permission requests with care before installing and usage. Some of the more
prominent handsets which have been lent vulnerable include Samsung Galaxy S7,
Galaxy S7 Edge, OnePlus 3, Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus 6P, LG G4, LG G5 , LG
V10, OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, OnePlus 3, apart from a few others.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2015 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                December 8, 2015

                          LG FINANCIAL CONSULTING LTD

                             3RD FLOOR REGENT HOUSE
                             113 WEST REGENT STREET
                                    GLASGOW
                                 Glasgow G5 0ND


TRADE ADDRESS: 121 Moffat Street New Gorbals, Glasgow G5 0ND

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: SC390125

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: December 9, 2010
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Ms Lynn Guthrie, Financial Consultant


Go To ICC Directors

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Limited with share capital::Private Limited with share
capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74149 - Business and management consultancy activities not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2013
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2013
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  September 8, 2014
ANNUAL RETURN:  December 9, 2014
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                                    0         0         0
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                                 0         0         0
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                          23,000    34,000    20,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets                   5,000         0     4,000
Other Current Assets                          28,000    34,000    24,000
Total Current Assets                          28,000    34,000    24,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                            0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                                  28,000    34,000    24,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                   3         2         1
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities             28,000    34,000    24,000
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                     28,000    34,000    24,000
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                             28,000    34,000    24,000
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry                 0         0         0
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve                      0         0         0
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                                  0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                         0         0         0


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                           3         2         1
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                -         -         -
Cost of Sales              -         -         -
Gross Profit               -         -         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              -         -         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed           0         0         0
Net Worth                  0         0         0
Working Capital            0         0         0
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             0         0         0
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -    -18     17
Current Assets          -    -18     17
Current                 -    -18     17
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      -      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 84,923 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2013)
SIC Code:
74149 Business and management consultancy activities
not elsewhere classified



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.00    90.06   277.99
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                       0.00    46.17   142.30
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              0.00    32.28    63.15
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              93.31   191.12   380.82
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       41.34     2.09     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   1.00     1.46     2.90
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  8,277.77 31,698.6 44,857.4
                                                                   1        7
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  20,000.0 73,600.0 213,125.
                                                          0        0        4
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  55.22    30.73    11.64



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1                                      56
=
Year -2                                      54
=
Year -3                                       -
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/201 31/12/201 31/12/201
                                                       3         2         1
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                             -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)                 -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.00      1.00      1.00
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.00      1.00      1.00
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.00      0.00      0.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 0

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Key Professional Partnership

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015


                              413 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Samsung, LG likely to see contracted earnings in Q3

LENGTH: 402 words


South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG are likely to see contracted
earnings in the third quarter due to sluggish smartphone sales, market analysts
said Monday.

Local financial data provider FnGuide recently set the market consensus for
Samsung Electronics' operating profit for the July-September period at 7.6
trillion won ($6.8 billion). The figure is a more than 8 percent fall from the
same period last year and 1 trillion won below market expectations before
reports of the Galaxy Note 7 explosions.

"The recall may cost Samsung Electronics up to 1.5 trillion won, an equivalent
of around 4.8 percent of this year's estimated operating income," said Cho
Seung-bin, an analyst at Daishin Securities.

Following the recall issue, Hanwha Investment & Securities revised down
estimated sales figures for the Galaxy Note 7 in the fourth quarter from 7.5
million units to 6 million units. More than 200,000 local consumers have already
replaced their Galaxy Note 7 with new ones.

Samsung Electronics' local rival LG Electronics is also expected to report a
gloomy outlook in the third quarter, as sales of its LG G5 unveiled in March
continued to flop in the third quarter despite the solid performance of its home
appliances and televisions thanks to the scorching weather and the Chinese
holiday season.

FnGuide set the market consensus for LG Electronics' operating profit in the
third quarter at 371.5 billion won, a more than 35 percent fall from the
previous quarter.

"The deficits are predicted to widen in its mobile and communications division
due to sluggish sales in smartphones," said Koh Jung-woo, an analyst at NH
Investment & Securities.

The two tech giants, however, are expected to perform better in the coming
quarter, analysts predicted.

"Samsung Electronics may see solid performance in the fourth quarter, as rising
prices of the DRAM and NAND Flash may help its chip business recover," said Lee
Soon-hak, an analyst at Hanwha Investment & Securities.

LG Electronics is also expected to turn around thanks to a reshuffle in June,
the rollout of its new smartphone V20 and solid sales in its home appliances.

"LG Electronics may see a turnaround in the last quarter thanks to lowered fixed
costs following intensive restructuring in its mobile and communication division
alongside the rollout of the V20," said Kim Ji-san, an analyst at Kiwoom
Securities.

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

All the latest launches from Mobile World Congress 2016

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 967 words


It's the time of the year when we get to see the best Android smartphones - and
these should all be coming to India soon. ET reports from the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona.

Samsung S7, S7 Edge - The Galaxy S6, S6 Edge and S6 Edge Plus were widely
regarded as the best Samsung phones ever. There were a lot of expectations from
the next Galaxy S series and Samsung didn't disappoint. Both the S7 and S7 Edge
feature top of the line processors (quad core/octa core depending on region),
4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 3000mAh battery (S7), 3,600mAh battery (S7 Edge) and
expandable storage thanks to a hybrid SIM slot. Both phones also have an updated
camera module - primary 12MP dual pixel sensor and front 5MP camera - both with
f1.7 aperture which is the best available on any smartphone today.

S7 and S7 Edge both have super amoled displays with 2560 x 1440 pixel
resolution. While S7 has a 5.1-inch screen, the S7 Edge is a dual curved
5.5-inch. Samsung focused on the software side too with features like an 'always
on' display, game optimization and game tools. The design is similar, but the
changes make the S7 and S7 Edge great successors to the S6 and S6 Edge Plus.
Expected to launch in India mid-march

LG G5 - LG's 2016 flagship was high on innovation thanks to the unique modular
design. The base can be popped out and replaced with other modules like a camera
grip or a Hi-Fi DAC for better sound. The 5.3-inch qHD display is an IPS panel
but LG has still included an always - on display which consumes very little
power.

It boasts of a dual camera setup: a 16MP primary lens and an 8MP secondary wide
angle lens with optical image stabilization, laser autofocus and 4k video
recording. Hardware specifications are top of the line - Snapdragon 820
processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage (expandable) and a 2,800mAh battery. The phone
runs Android 6.0 with a completely overhauled user interface by LG.

Lenovo Vibe K5/ Vibe K5 Plus - Lenovo teased its fans for a few weeks with
glimpses of their upcoming smartphone and it was finally launched at MWC 2016.
Called the Lenovo Vibe K5 and K5 plus, both phones are budget offerings priced
between $129 to $150.

While the Vibe K5 has a 5-inch HD display, K5 plus has a 5-inch full HD display.
Hardware on both devices includes 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 13MP primary camera, a
5MP front camera, expandable storage and a 2,750mAh battery. The difference is
that the K5 has a Snapdragon 415 while the K5 Plus features the more powerful
Snapdragon 616 processor.

Obi MV1 - Obi announced just one smartphone at their launch party: the MV1.
Unusually for a big MWC announcement, this is a budget smartphone with a 5-inch
raised glass HD display, Snapdragon 212 processor, 1/2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a
2,500mAh battery. You also get an 8MP primary camera, 2MP front camera, dual SIM
slots, a microSD slot for expansion and integrated DTS audio technology. It is
priced at $149 and is expected to arrive in India by April this year.

Sony Xperia X and XA - Both new Sony phones have a new metal design and feature
a 5-inch displays (720p on XA, 1080p on X). The Xperia XA is the more affordable
device with a Mediatek processor, 2GB RAM, 16GB storage, 2,300mAh battery, a
13MP primary camera and 8MP front camera. The Xperia X, on the other hand, has a
Snapdragon 650 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB storage and a 2,620mAh battery.

Other impressive features of the Xperia X include 23MP primary camera, 13MP
front facing camera, fingerprint scanner and expandable storage. Sony also
showed off a variant of the Xperia X called the Sony Xperia X performance - it
has the latest Snapdragon 820 processor for improved performance and is IP68
certified for dust and water resistance.

Huawei Mate Book - Huawei's ultraportable 2-in-1 comes with a fancy keyboard
case. Inside the lightweight (630 grams) metal body is a 12-inch display (2160 x
1440 pixels). Specifications include an Intel Core M processor, up to 8GB RAM,
up to 512GB SSD storage and a 4,430mAh battery with a 9 hour battery life. The
keyboard cover is included in the tablet's starting price of $699.

Samsung Gear 360 - Samsung's 360-degree camera was a surprise launch. It has
dual 15MP wide angle lens on each side for and a tripod socket mount to prop it
up. Images are stored on the microSD slot while the built-in battery is good for
140 minutes of recording. Although content is on the microSD, it requires an app
to convert and join together the 360 photos.

Gionee Elife S8 - Apart from a change in their brand logo, Gionee announced a
new flagship called the Elife S8. The S8 is the first smartphone (after iPhone
6S) to come with 3D touch technology. It has a 5.5-inch amoled full HD display
and inside the phone is a Mediatek Helio P10 processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage,
hybrid SIM slot and a 3,000mAh battery.

Gionee boasted of this being the first all-metal smartphone with invisible
antennas (the usual lines /bands for the antennas were not visible anywhere).
You get a 16MP f1.8 rear camera, 8MP front camera and a fingerprint scanner in
the home button along with the usual 4G, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity. This
is also the company's first smartphone to come with AmigoUI based on Android 6.0

HP Elite X3 - HP surprised everyone with a new Windows 10 Phablet that uses
Continuum to convert to a Windows 10 desktop computer. However, instead of the
usual dock, the Elite X3 has its own cradle type dock to connect to a TV. It is
also the most powerful Windows 10 Mobile available today: Snapdragon 820, 4GB
RAM, 64GB storageand a massive 4,150mAh battery. The 6-inch display has a
resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels and you also get expandable storage, a
fingerprint scanner and an iris scanner.

Disclaimer: The author's trip to MWC 2016 was sponsored by Samsung Electronics

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Samsung's New Flagships, Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge

BYLINE: Lila Ray

LENGTH: 825  words


No reinvention, but a refinement of what were stunning phones to begin with

For the most part it looks like LG has outshone Samsung at MWC, or the Mobile
World Congress, on right now in Barcelona, Spain. And at this point, Samsung
can't really afford to be out-shined by anyone in the mobile world, least of all
its old rival, LG.

At the MWC, Samsung unveiled its pair of flagships for 2016, the Galaxy S7 and
S7 and S7 Edge. And the big difference between the S7 and its predecessor? Er...
Very little. OK, not quite: the camera is even better now. But overall, it's
incremental, so you might wonder if the (likely Rs 50-55k) price will be worth
it.

The S6 and S6 Edge were -- or rather, are -- fabulous phones and still so
powerful and feature-rich that it's probably not many who will jump to upgrade
to the next in the series when the changes are evolutionary rather than
revolutionary.

In fact, the current (or old, if you like) Samsung Galaxy S6, for Rs 36,500, is
among the best phones out there today across all price categories. It's got
everything you'd want in a phone: nice design, great construction (all-glass
back), great camera, fast charge, and wireless charging.

Now LG went and got itself a revolutionary feel because it's put in modules into
its G5 smartphone. The idea wasn't theirs, but they seem to have brought it to
market.

But none of this means Samsung's new S7 and S7 Edge are not fabulous phones.
Last year, Samsung redesigned how its flagships look and the world went from
complaining about cheap plastic to being completely wowed by the glass and metal
look of the S6 and its Edge variant. That overall look is retained in the S7 and
many may say there's not much you can do to improve it.

But what else do the new S7s have? Well, all the components have been topped up.
The 5.1-inch S7 has Qualcomm MSM8996 Snapdragon 820/Exynos 8890 Octa processor,
Adreno 530 graphics, 1440 x 2560 pixels (~577 ppi pixel density) AMOLED screen,
4GB RAM and 32GB storage. There's a 3,000mAh non-removable battery, fast-charge,
wireless charging, and the micro-SD card slot has made a return.

The 5.5-inch S7 Edge has, of course, the curved sides and even a curve on the
back, making it very comfortable to hold and use even with one hand. The Edge
has a 3,600mAh battery.

Both new phones have an always-on display, which looks like it's going to be a
standard this year for phones. The screen doesn't completely go to sleep but
lets you see clock and notifications all the time. Both are now IP68 rated water
resistant.

The S7 is a bit smaller than the S6 was, but a bit thicker and heavier at 152g.

The rear camera lens sits more flush than it did on the S6.

Oh, What A Camera

Both the S7s now have a 12MP camera and while that may sound like less
resolution than the S6's 16MP, the optics have changed a lot, with a new lens
and sensor. Focusing is much faster, so you can grab that shot before the moment
is gone, and there's something they call a dual-pixel system and an f1.7
aperture allowing more light and better shots in low light conditions -- which
is mostly anytime you're indoors.

That f1.7 aperture lens is spectacular. And the sensor resolution is "down" from
16 to 12 MP to accommodate the bigger 1.4I1/4m pixels of the new Sony sensor
that captures way more light--95% more light than the sensor in the Galaxy S6.

One of the most interesting things about the new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge is a lens
attachment, Lens Cover, not unlike the Olo Lens that fits the iPhone. It's made
specifically to work with the new flagships.

The Lens Cover is a biggish accessory, which will come on top of the main
camera. You obviously can't keep it there all the time, so it'll be something
you pull out when you need it or when you decide you want to settle down to some
serious phone photography. It'll stick out a bit and make the phone look like a
camera, so that's another reason you can't just leave it there.

The additional capability the Lens Cover will bring is a telephoto lens and a
fish-eye lens. The two lenses are swappable in the same snap-on cup. And you're
ready for creative photography.

The S7 Edge is 5.5" (vs the S7 at 5.1"). Both get the microSD slot back, but
without Android Marshmallow's support for treating microSD like internal
storage.

In fact, clip-on (or clamp-on) lenses do exist from third party companies such
as PhotoJojo but these have tended to be smaller than the new Lens Cover and are
not optimized for the optics of any particular phone. While these are
interesting, they do have a bit of nuisance value to them as you now have to
figure out how to carry the paraphernalia along and so they don't work out for
everyday photos. Plus, if you have to carry stuff around, why not just carry an
all-round capable camera then?

What these accessories will cost when they arrive in India is anybody's guess.

Lila Ray is a corporate consultant who likes her gadgets almost more than her
shoes. Write to her at raylila@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           December 24, 2015 Thursday

Top 10 most awaited smartphones of 2016

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Dec. 24 -- Zee Media Bureau/Priyanka Tiwari
 Along with the time, technology too proves its speed to change every next day.
And with the new year, just a couple of days ahead, there's a lot on offer in
the technology platter.


 Some amazing Android phones, iPhones and Windows phones, with stunning
features, are expected to be launched in 2016.
 Here we present the list along with some features and expected release date of
top 10 smartphones to be launched in 2016.
 1. Apple iphone 7
 2. OnePlus three
 3. Samsung Galaxy note 6
 4. ASUS Z1 Titan
 5. Sony Xperia Z6
 6. Xiaomi Mi 6
 7. HTC M10
 8. LG G5
 9. Apple iphone 7 Plus
 10. Google Nexus 6
 Apple iphone 7
 Processor: Apple A10 chip
 Storage: 2GB RAM
 Camera: 10 megapixel or two-lens DSLR like camera (with Optical Image
Stabilization OIS)
 Release date: September
 OnePlus three
 Processor: Snapdragon 820
 Storage: 5GB RAM
 Camera: 21 megapixel rear shooter and 13 megapixel front shoooter
 Release date: Middle of 2016
 Samsung Galaxy note 6
 Processor: Samsung Exynos 9 Octa
 Storage: 6GB RAM (extension up tp 8GB) and 16GB inbuilt storage (extension up
to 256GB)
 Camera: 30 megapixel primary camera and 16 megapixel front selfie camera
(isocell camera)
 Release date: Between August and September
 ASUS Z1 Titan
 Processor: Qualcomm's Snapdragon 830 SoC
 Storage: 6GB RAM and 256GB internal memory
 Camera: 16 megapixel rear camera (Dual Flash)
 Release date: September
 Sony Xperia Z6
 Processor: Qualcomm 820 chipset
 Storage: 4GB or 5GB RAM and 128GB internal storage
 Camera: 27 megapixel primary camera (rotator sensor)
 Release date: Date not yet confirmed
 Xiaomi Mi 6
 Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
 Storage: 4GB RAM
 Camera: 21 megapixels back and 13 megapixels front shutter
 Release date: January
 HTC M10
 Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
 Storage: 4GB RAM and 64GB onboard storage (extension up to 128GB)
 Camera: 13 megapixel rear camera (Dual LED Flash)
 Release date: March
 LG G5
 Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
 Storage: 4GB or 5GB RAM
 Camera: 21 megapixel front and 8 megapixel front camera
 Release date: February
 Apple iphone 7 Plus
 Processor: A10 chip and M10 motion co-processor
 Storage: 2GB RAM
 Camera: 10 megapixel or two-lens DSLR like camera (with Optical Image
Stabilization OIS)
 Release date: Date not yet confirmed
 Google Nexus 6
 Processor: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
 Release date: Between May and June

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

LG V20 smartphone to launch with Android 7.0 Nougat

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


NEW DELHI: Here's another smartphone that will come with the upcoming version of
Android operating system Nougat, LG V20. The South Korean tech giant, which
recently confirmed LG V10 successor V20 said that it will be the company's first
smartphone to run on Android 7.0 Nougat.The firm not only did reveal the name of
the handset and the Android version it will be running on, but also confirmed
that the handset will be launched as soon as next month. As per the firm, the
focus of the V20 will be that of delivering a better multimedia experience. LG
has not revealed anything else about the device so far.

It is likely that the handset will come with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
.To recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It features another
screen above the main 5.7-inch display. The second display can stay on to
display weather, time and date when the main display is turned off. It has room
for frequently-used apps and can receive notifications while using the main
screen to watch a video.Some of the features included in the V10 are Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal storage, 16MP rear camera, 5MP
front-facing camera, and 3,000mAh battery.The South Korean tech giant has
announced its financial results for Q2 2016. The company shipped a total of 13.9
million smartphones in the second quarter, an increase of 3% from the previous
quarter. The mobile division also registered revenues of $2.86 billion, a 12%
increase over the first quarter, while declining over the same period the year
before. LG reported an operating loss of $132.10 million, blaming "reflected
increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial sales of G5
smartphone."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 14, 2016 Saturday

LG's GoPro rival to launch next month

BYLINE: Rajat Sharma

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 379 words


NEW DELHI: South Korean technology giant LG Electronics will launch its first
action camera next month. Dubbed LG Action CAM LTE, the action camera's the
first of its kind to come with built-in LTE connectivity (hence the name).Due to
LTE connectivity LG's action camera can be used to live stream action footage to
video sharing websites such as YouTube, even without a smartphone. In addition
to that, theAction CAM LTE will also offer remote access functionality through
3G and LTE networks.

This will enable the action camera to be used as a CCTV camera for remote
surveillance, or even as andash cam.Users will be able to download the recorded
images and videos on their, provided the same has been paired with the action
camera.The Action CAM LTE has an IP67 rating for being dust and sand resistant.
In addition, it can also be immersed in water up to a depth of 1m for 30
minutes.will likely launch a handful of accessories for the action cam as well.
One of them is a fully waterproof case that will enable the camera to be used
for activities such as surfing and scuba diving. Then there's an optional mount
that will make it possible to use the Action CAMfor recording smooth videos
while attached to helmets, bikes, cars and other moving objects.The action
camera has a 1,400 mAh battery which is good enough for recordingvideos for up
to four hours.Key specs of the LG Action CAM LTE include a 1/2.3 inch 12.3 MP
sensor, 2GBand 4GB of on-board storage, which can be further expanded up to 2TB
using microSD card. Other than LTE, the action camera's connectivity options
include 3G,, Bluetooth 4.1 and. The camera also comes with GPS, accelerometer
and gyroscope.Apart from being able to live stream HDat 30fps, the LG Action CAM
LTE can also record video in multiple resolutions - HD (120fps), Full HD (60fps)
and Ultra HD (30fps).The Action CAM LTE is the latest addition to LG's 'Friend'
ecosystem of companion accessories, first introduced with its G5 flagship. It
will launch in South Korea next month, followed by key worldwide markets
including North America and Europe.Following the lead of, the most popular name
in action cameras, a lot of manufacturers have forayed into the field. Sony also
unveiled its athis year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Xiaomi launches Mi 5 in India; to sell via its own e-commerce site

BYLINE: Shruti Dhapola

LENGTH: 145  words


Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi on Thursday announced the launch of its flagship
model Mi 5 in India to be sold at R24,999, nearly a month after the phone was
first unveiled in China and at the MWC (Mobile World Congress) in Barcelona.

Mi 5 is Xiaomi's most expensive smartphone launched in India ever. The company's
earlier model Mi 4 had a price tag of R19,999. Xiaomi has decided to sell the
new phone through its own e-commerce platform Mi.com for the first four weeks.

Xiaomi, which entered India after having a tie-up with Flipkart in 2014, also
plans to target offline retail in the country this year.

With the launch of Mi 5 having the latest Qualcom Snapdragon 820 processor,
Xiaomi has beaten top players like Samsung and LG. Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge
series in India comes with its own Exynos chipsets, while LG is yet to launch
its G5 with the latest processor.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung, LG vie at IT trade show

LENGTH: 335 words


Tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics are currently showcasing
their technical prowess at the World IT Show, an IT trade fair that kicked off
in Seoul on Tuesday.

Consumers are able to see top-of-the-line products by the two companies during
the event, the companies said.

Models pose with Samsung Electronics' virtual reality headset at the firm's
exhibition venue at the World IT Show trade fair that kicked off in Seoul on
Tuesday. (Samsung Electronics)

The two tech giants are in fierce competition in the Korean market and have been
rolling out a range of products including smartphones, TVs, and refrigerators.

Most recently, the rivals have been trying to take the lead in emerging tech
segments such as virtual reality.

Samsung released its VR headset Gear VR in partnership with Facebook-owned
Oculus last year and an accompanying 360-degree camera earlier this year.

Not to be outdone, LG rolled out a series of products, called Friends, earlier
this year. The Friends lineup consists of a mini drone, a rolling robot as well
as a VR headset and a 360-camera. More Friends products will be rolled out down
the road.

Visitors to the World IT Show, a tech trade show, use LG Electronics' G5
smartphone at the firm's exhibition venue. (LGE)

Samsung said visitors to the trade show can experience hands-on the VR devices
and VR videos made in tandem with theme park Everland at its exhibition venue.

The company is also displaying its top-notch home appliances including its super
ultra-high definition TVs and the Family Hub premium fridge that is equipped
with a 21.5-inch (54.6-cm)display on its right door.

LG is showcasing its premium home appliance lineup, dubbed the Signature,
consisting of organic light-emitting diode TVs, a washing machine that sports
dual tubs, and a connected fridge.

More than 400 companies, including mobile carriers SK Telecom and KT, automotive
firm KIA Motors and chipmaker Qualcomm, are participating in the trade show,
which will be held until Friday.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Samsung, LG to announce Q3 earnings on Oct. 7

LENGTH: 280 words


[THE INVESTOR] Tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics, both of which
suffered a major setback in their mobile business in the July-September period,
are scheduled to announce their earnings report on Oct. 7.

Samsung is expected to spend 1.2 trillion won (US$1.08 billion) to make up for
the costs associated with the ongoing recall of the combustible Galaxy Note 7.

A market consensus for Samsung's operating profit stands at 7.62 trillion won,
up 3 percent from a year earlier, while the firm's revenue is expected to come
in at 50.85 trillion won, down 1.6 percent from the same period last year,
according to research firm WISEfn.

Riding positive initial momentum for its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone, Samsung was
expected to post 8 trillion won in sales at first, but the estimate now seems to
be a far-reaching goal as the tech firm is still struggling to pull itself back
together from the recent crisis involving the Note 7's explosive battery.

The firm's display and device solutions businesses, however, will likely post
strong earnings thanks to high demand for solid-state drives, 3-D NAND flash
memory and the price rebound of DRAM chips.

LG, which failed to gain growth momentum with its G5 smartphone released in
March in Korea, is expected to post 351.9 billion own operating profit in the
third quarter, up 16.5 percent from a year earlier. It is expected to log 13.84
trillion won in revenue, down 1.4 percent from the same period last year.

As Samsung has recently resumed its sales for the Note 7 and LG's high-end
smartphone V20 has hit the local market, it needs to be seen whether they will
be able to recuperate from their recent struggles.

By Kim Young-won (

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              422 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                 November 1, 2005 Tuesday IT Broadsheet Edition

IT update

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES; IT Business / Computers; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 543 words


SOFTWARE

Virtual machine

VMWARE has upgraded its core data centre virtual infrastructure management
software, releasing VMware ESX Server 3 and VMware VirtualCenter 2.

The new releases sport VMWare's recent technical innovations to improve
availability of virtual machines, such as the ability to detect failed virtual
machines and automatically restart them on an alternate host.

ESX Server 3 can milk more power from x86-based dual-core processors and it is
compatible with more NAS and iSCSI networked storage hardware.

VMWare says the uprgraded scheduling and load balancing software can operate at
system resource use rates of more than 80 per cent.

Content manager

ENTERPRISE content management software specialist Tower has updated its flagship
product, TRIM Context 6.

The software is designed to help enterprises manage their electronic document
and records.

The latest version offers a Web Service Connectivity Toolkit, which complies
with Services Orientated Architecture development principles.

The management suite covers document and records, business process integration,
web content, email, collaboration and line-of-business applications

.

Data protection

STORAGE specialist EMC has launched an enterprise software application that
helps corporations to continuously protect data.

The software, EMC RecoverPoint, is designed to allow data centres to roll back
data in production environments.

The software consistently monitors and captures data written to production
environments and writes them in a parallel back-up storage space, EMC says.

RecoverPoint will be available at the end of the year.

HARDWARE

Small-end storage

STORAGE hardware specialist Quantum has released a series of disk-based backup
and recovery systems for small-to-medium companies.

The DX3000 and DX5000 back-up appliances ship as bundled disk arrays,
controllers, interfaces and system control and management tools to minimise
installation overheads.

The systems are designed for Exchange, SQL and Oracle database users.

Graphics power

APPLE is skewing its Power Mac G5 workstations towards industries such as
scientific research, that may require powerful graphics processing, such as
animation and visual effects, not to mention rendering technology used in film,
video, games development and 3D modelling.

The G5 will soon be available with NVIDIA's Quadro FX 4500 graphics card, which
handles up to two 30in Apple Cinema High Definition displays.

The NVIDIA Quadro FX 4500 has 512MB of video memory.

Triple-play wireless

NETWORK equipment supplier Nortel has begun trials in Japan showcasing wireless
technologies capable of delivering voice, video and data services.

It has teamed up with LG Electronics and BB Mobile to conduct the trials
northwest of Tokyo.

The companies want to demonstrate that it is possible to roam between 3G, WiMAX
and WLAN networks while using systems such as voice over internet protocol,
mobile television and multimedia.

"Our demonstration clearly shows that emerging wireless broadband technologies
can be economically harnessed to provide customers with uninterrupted access to
a wide variety of high-bandwidth applications," LGE mobile division executive
vice-president Jae Ryung Lee says.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              423 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Perfect 10 are best in show;
TICKET Gadgets

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 935 words


It's been a busy week of unveilings in the world of tech. On top of Apple taking
the wraps off its new iPhone 7 on Wednesday and Sony at last confirming the
existence of the PlayStation 4 Pro the same evening, last weekend also saw the
annual buttons and bratwurst fest that is IFA take place in Berlin. Here's my
pick of the new gear shown off at Europe's biggest tech expo.

MOTO Z PLAY

LG may have only had modest success with the mix-and-match G5 handset, and
Google this week killed off its Project Ara concept, but Motorola nevertheless
used IFA to throw its weight behind modular mobile phones.

Much like the G5, the Z Play is a pretty solid high-end smartphone in its own
right that has interchangeable back plates.

These allow you to clip on different attachments called Moto Mods, with the
Lenovo-owned firm showing off a smartlooking lens add-on with a 10x optical zoom
built by German optics specialist Hasselblad.

WELT SMART BELT

First unveiled at CES in Las Vegas in January, Samsung spin-off firm Welt used
IFA to announce a kickstarter campaign for its waistline-tracking smart belt.

Pledge $119 and, just in time for those post-Christmas diets, you should get
your hands on the discreet wearable which also tracks your eating habits, step
counts and the time you spend sitting.

TOMTOM TOUCH

With dedicated satnavs being increasingly eclipsed by smartphone apps, Dutch
specialist TomTom has been moving towards making fitness trackers. Its latest is
the Touch, which has the USP of being able to display body fat calculations.
Pressing a touch-sensitive button sends a small electrical current through your
body which lets the wearable measure the balance between muscle mass and fat.

While we are yet to see how accurate and reliable these stats are, the
innovative feature certainly one-ups rivals such as Fitbit.

SONY XPERIA XZ

Sony rustled up a fair bit of excitement from phone fans by giving a debut to
its new flagship handset at IFA. With a greater focus on its photography
features than predecessor the Xperia X, the Xperia XZ has a 23mp sensor and
improved white balance performance. It also has fancy five-axis image
stabilisation technology which will help stop blurry videos, is fully waterproof
and has the added promise of an early update to Google's latest Android Nougat
operating system.

RAZOR STARGAZER WEBCAM

You may wonder what a seemingly humble webcam is doing in our top 10 picks, but
this gamer-focused piece of kit was a major talking point at the show.

Able to shoot at 720p at 60fps or 1080p at 30fps, it features Intel's RealSense
technology, allowing you to remove and switch backgrounds without the need for a
green screen. On top of that it can also work as a 3D scanner, allowing you to,
amongst other things, scan your face and directly port it into game worlds. It
also boasts built-in noise cancellation as well as Kinect-style gesture/facial
recognition.

SONY ACER PREDATOR 21 X

If you were to make an ultimate wish list for stuff you wanted from a top-spec
gaming laptop, it'd probably read like the Acer Predator 21 X's spec sheet.

It's the most insane laptop we've seen.

For starters, it has a 21-inch curved display, while inside it's packing not
one, but two top-of-the-line Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 desktop-class graphics
cards. Add a transforming numberpad/ touchpad and you've got the ultimate gaming
laptop on your hands - and it will likely cost the world when it launches in
2017.

PHILIPS OLED 901F

Philips's first foray into OLED TV territory is a blinder. A rich 4K panel for
ultra-high definition movie playback, it has a sleek design that lets this
55-inch screen slip into surroundings.

That is, until you turn it on, at which point your living room bursts into
colour.

That's because Philips has packed its Ambilight technology into the display,
projecting colours matching the on-screen action onto the walls behind to fully
immerse the viewer in the action.

Throw in Android TV smart functionality and it's a winner.

LENOVO YOGA BOOK

It's hard to find anything truly unique in the world of consumer tech these days
but Lenovo's Yoga Book certainly is.

The hybrid laptop/tablet taken to its logical conclusion, it swaps out the
physical keyboard for another capacitive touch display, essentially leaving you
with a dual-screened device.

While full-size touch keys with haptic feedback may take some getting used to
for traditional keyboard warriors, Lenovo is also throwing in a top-notch stylus
too, making this as much a digital notepad or art device as a spreadsheet
smasher.

Rumours suggest the Yoga Book will launch (in both Windows 10 and Android
flavours) at a more affordable price than you may think.

SAMSUNG GEAR S3 CLASSIC

The smartwatch revolution still isn't in full swing, but that's not stopping
Samsung from trying.

Running the company's own Tizen OS, the 1.3-inch screen Gear S3 Classic offers
an always-on look at the watch face through a Super AMOLED screen.

A rotating bezel lets you dive into app options, while a speedometer and
altimeter join the fitness-tracking sensors.

Samsung's also made the Gear S3 Frontier with a rugged build and LTE
connectivity for smartphone-free watch smarts.

PANASONIC DMP-UB700 4K BLU-RAY PLAYER

It may not be much to look at but the DMPUB700 has a killer feature - its price
tag.

Panasonic's latest 4K Blu-ray player costs a relatively affordable £400, putting
4K disc playback within reach of even the casual movie fan.

Future-proofed by conforming to the new "Ultra HD Premium" specification, it has
twin HDMI ports for audio passthrough, and online connectivity for streaming in
the latest HDR shows and movies from Netflix.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            August 18, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Nortel, LG Electronics to create joint venture

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - LG Electronics and Nortel Networks are forming a $290 million US joint
venture in South Korea to develop and supply telecommunications equipment and
networks for global customers as part of Brampton, Ont.-based Nortel's strategy
to expand its presence further into Asia.

Nortel (TSX:NT) will own 50 per cent plus one share in the joint venture, while
paying $145 million, contributing its South Korean distribution and services
business and "other non-monetary consideration," the companies said in a
release.

Seoul-based LG Electronics will be entitled to payments over a two-year period
based on achievement by the joint venture of certain business goals.

The venture, tentatively named LG-Nortel Co. Ltd., will combine the telecom
infrastructure business of LG Electronics and the distribution and service
business of Nortel in South Korea.

The companies signed a memorandum of understanding on the joint venture in
January. Closing of the deal is expected by year-end.

It is the latest in a series of Nortel moves to gain a stronger foothold in the
Asia Pacific region, said Albert Lin, an analyst with American Technology
Research in San Francisco.

"Even though it's based in Korea, it's really all about how to use the
opportunity in China," Lin said.

The Chinese government has long delayed issuing third-generation mobile phone
technology licences as it evaluates the performance of its own TD-SCDMA
technology, Lin said. The Nortel-LG venture could give the firms a long-term
strategic position to move on Chinese developments.

"In the near-term, it's not very significant," Lin said. "The only way it could
be a near-term impacting item is if suddenly China were to make an announcement
on its 3G licences and set that entire nationwide buildup in motion."

Nortel signed a deal in June to upgrade the network of China's largest wireless
carrier, China Mobile, in Zhejiang province. It has also pursued growth
aggressively in India, which has one of the world's fastest-growing economies.
In April, Nortel paid $10 million for a stake in Sasken Communication
Technologies Ltd. to develop new software and deploy Nortel's networking
technology in the country.

The agreement was signed Tuesday in Seoul by Bill Owens, Nortel's vice-chairman
and chief executive, and S.S. Kim, CEO and vice-chairman of LG Electronics. Kim
said LG Electronics' research and development expertise and Nortel's global
presence "will make this joint venture a top-ranking player in the
telecommunications equipment market."

The companies said they plan to nominate J. R. Lee of LG Electronics to be chief
executive of the joint venture while Nortel's Paul House will be chief operating
officer.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; LG Electronics CEO Kim Ssang-soo, left, with Nortel
CEO Bill Owens at a signing ceremony in Seoul on Wednesday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

LG V20 launch date officially confirmed

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 354 words


NEW DELHI: It's official, South Korean giant LG will be launching its V20
smartphone on September 6 in San Francisco. LG V20 is the company's first
smartphone to run Android 7.0 Nougat OS version.

The San Francisco launch will be followed by an event in the company's home
country South Korea's capital Seoul on September 7.

The company has sent invites for both the events. It has also posted a playful
teaser with words "Play More" written on it. The teaser has a toy book which
opens into a three-dimensional street.

Coming to LG V20, the specifications of the handset are still unknown. However,
since LG is one of the Google partners for the Daydream platform, we might see
something on that front as well. The company too said that the V20 will be
delivering a better multimedia experience.

According to speculations floating on the web, LG V20 will feature a 5.5-inch
Full HD resolution display of 1080x1920 pixel. This is quite surprising as the
current LG V10 has a larger 5.7-inch display with better 1440x2560 pixel
resolution.

The V20 is likely to be powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
clubbed with Adreno 530 GPU and 3GB/4GB RAM. It is supposed to come with 32GB
/64GB of in-built storage, along with support for microSD cards of up to 256GB
in size.

So far, there is also no information about V20 sporting a secondary screen
(similar to the one in V10). There is also no mention of the device coming with
a dual-camera setup. The handset will likely include a 20MP rear camera and an
8MP front-facing shooter. A USB Type-C port and a 4,000mAh battery are also
expected.

LG recently announced its financial results for Q2 2016. The company shipped a
total of 13.9 million smartphones in the second quarter, an increase of 3% from
the previous quarter. The mobile division also registered revenues of $2.86
billion, a 12% increase over the first quarter, while declining over the same
period the year before. LG reported an operating loss of $132.10 million,
blaming "reflected increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial
sales of G5 smartphone."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 820 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                November 7, 2016

                                   Aixtron SE

                               Dornkaulstrasse 2
                               Herzogenrath 52134
                                    Germany

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Equipment Revenue

   The company generates major portion of its revenue from equipment sales.
Equipment revenue accounted for 76.3% of Aixtron's total revenue in FY2015. The
company's product portfolio encompasses compound semi-conductors including
MOCVD, CVD and PECVD equipments, Nano CVD reactors; silicon semiconductors
including atomic layer deposition (ALD), atomic vapor deposition (AVD) and
chemical vapor deposition (CVD) systems; organic semiconductors consisting of
organic vapor phase deposition (OVPD) equipment; and nanotechnology products
including graphene and carbon nanotube deposition systems. Its products find
applications in LED applications, data storage, data transmission, display
technologies, communication, signalling and lighting, and energy management and
conversion. The company reported equipment revenue of EUR150.9 million in FY2015
as compared to equipment revenue of EUR148.5 million in FY2014, indicating a
year-on-year rise of 1.6%. The growth in the revenue was mainly due to doubled
equipment revenues for memory and logic applications and MOCVD equipment for the
manufacturing of WBG Gallium nitride (GaN) and Silicon Carbide (SiC) based power
management devices and increase in revenue from Nano CVD reactors MOCVD
equipment to manufacture other optoelectronic devices. The growth was mainly
driven by the demand for MOCVD equipment for LED manufacturing, the largest
contributor to equipment revenue, which contributed 26% to the company's
equipment revenue.

Focused R&D Activities

   Aixtron utilizes deposition technology and nano scale material engineering
for developing and manufacturing its semiconductor products. The company focuses
strongly on product development and research activities for bringing new
products into the markets. During FY2015, the company handled MOCVD equipment
related R&D projects for use in LEDs and for the production of wide band gap
materials for next generation logic and memory applications. Aixtron also
focuses on penetrating growth areas in the area of organic semiconductors.
Robust R&D enabled the company the installation and startup of the Gen8
demonstration tool for organic material; launch of an automated AIX G5+C
allowing a cassette-to-cassette operation; and to introduce an MOCVD tool for
the deposition of compound materials for logic structures (Three-Five-On-Silicon
TFOS). As of December 2015, the Company had 189 patent families of which 97 were
issued patents and 92 were pending for approval. To this end, the company
incurred an R&D expense of EUR55.4 million in FY2015. The company's investment
towards product and process engineering and development could enable it to
deliver innovative and technologically advanced products to cater the growing
needs of its customers.
Weaknesses:

Dependence on Few Customers

The company generates a significant portion of its revenue from its limited
customers, which increases the risks associated with a particular business
operation. In FY2015, the company derived 18.1% of its revenue from one of its
major customers. The loss of such significant customer would materially
adversely adversely affect Aixtron's financial condition. Any fluctuations in
such customers' loyalty may affect the company sales and lead to a decline in
the customer base owing to such dependence on a limited number of customers.
Opportunities:

Outlook: Semiconductor Market for IoT

   The company may stand to benefit from the growing demand for semiconductor
market. According SEMI's white paper on Semiconductor Industry from 2015 to
2025, the key semiconductors used in IoT applications include wireless
connectivity, controllers, and embedded nonvolatile memory. The strong growth of
semiconductors in IoT devices is driven by the need for more data. The
semiconductor and sensor markets for IoT have been witnessing an increasing
demand for ultra-low power (ULP) that uses specialty wafer processes. The global
semiconductor market is estimated to grow from US$342.7 billion in 2015 to
US$655.6 billion by 2025 at a CAGR of 6.7%. The semiconductor and sensor markets
for IoT are estimated to from US$27.6 billion in 2015 to US$114.2 billion in
2025, with a CAGR of 15.3%. Aixtron, being one of the leading global providers
of deposition equipment to the semiconductor industry could capitalize on the
growing semiconductor market.

Strategic Partnerships

   The company's reputation in the market makes it a preferred partner for
several large scale organizations across the sector. The reputation brings in
new opportunities for growth for the company. In April 2016, Aixtron tested and
installed its new organic vapor phase deposition (OVPD) system which is capable
of handling 200x200 mm substrates at Institut Lafayette. Institut Lafayette is a
part of the Georgia Institute of Technology international campus in Metz,
France; and Aixtron's custom built system installation helps to start its
operations. In March 2016, LG Innotek selected the company's AIX G5 WW
(Warm-Wall) reactor configured for 8x6-inch substrates to develop silicon
carbide (SiC) epitaxial wafers targeted at power devices for renewable energy
and automotive applications. Aixtron's AIX G5 WW vapor phase epitaxy (VPE)
system is based on its planetary reactor platform which has the highest
throughput and largest batch capacity in the industry. The AIX G5 WW VPE system
enables LG Innotek to cater to the rising demand for SiC-based systems from
major automotive manufacturers.
Threats:

Dependence on Suppliers

   Aixtron depends upon third-party suppliers for the manufacturing of certain
components, subassemblies and modules. The company requires these critical
components, subassemblies and modules for the manufacture or integration of its
products. Further the company does not have long-term supply agreements with
many of its suppliers. The company depends upon a limited number of suppliers or
a single supplier for these components. This could adversely affect the
operations of the company if there are any uneven changes if the suppliers are
unable to supply products reliably, if there are disruptions in international
trade, trade restrictions and import duties, disruptions at important geographic
points of exit and entry or any production and supply constraints leading to
additional cost burden on the company. The loss of significant suppliers of
products or key components, or their inability to supply the required
quantities, could result in a material adverse impact on the company's operating
results in turn affecting the financial.

Intense Competition

   Aixtron operates in highly competitive electronic equipment industry. The
company faces competition from a variety of other equipment companies. It
competes with Veeco Instruments Inc. in MOVCD market and also competes with a
number of Asian manufacturers including Taiyo Nippon Sanso, Jusung Engineering
Co. Ltd., Nuflare Technology Inc. and Valence Process Equipment. For emerging
organic semiconductor applications, Aixtron competes with established
manufacturers such as Ulvac, Inc., Tokki Corporation, SNU Precision, Sunic
System and others. For CVD, MOCVD and ALD technologies for silicon applications,
the company competes with a range of other equipment companies, including
Applied Materials, Inc., Tokyo Electron Ltd., ASM International N.V., IPS
Technology, Jusung Engineering Co. Ltd. and Hitachi Kokusai Electric Co., Inc.
Since many of its competitors have a longer operating history, greater brand
recognition, established customer and supplier relationships and greater
financial resources, it could become difficult for the company to compete with
them.

Rapid Technological Changes

   The technology market is subject to rapid changes, and to compete
effectively, the company must introduce new products that achieve market
acceptance. The electronic equipment industry is characterized by rapid
technological changes, evolving industry standards, changing market conditions
and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The introduction of
products using new technologies or the adoption of new industry standards can
make the existing products or products under development obsolete or
unmarketable. In order to remain competitive and increase its sales, the company
needs to adapt to the rapidly changing business environment.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016


                              427 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     November 2, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LG G6 May Sport An Iris Scanner

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 318  words


The smartphone's iris scanner is expected to be integrated into the camera
module itself, unlike the Galaxy Note 7 by Samsung.

Recently, reports started surfacing over the Internet hinting the drop out of
the modular design in LG's upcoming flagship smartphone, G6, which is expected
to be launched next year. The reports also claimed that the fall of the
company's current flagship smartphone, G5 and its modular accessories due to a
fact that users had to remove the battery to add in modules, was a reason for
the company to take this step.

While that was pretty much a shocker to most of us, a new report states that the
G6 smartphone could actually be bringing in the Iris Scanner in it, after the
Samsung Galaxy Note 7 device didn't do well in the market. According to a recent
post published on BGR, the reports suggest that the company has already started
working on the technology, while it is being said that the implementation of the
same may be different from that of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7.

It is also being said that, Korea's Digital Bakjeongil Times recently reported
that LG is planning an integrated iris recognition module mounted on
smartphones. This means that, the upcoming LG smartphone may be featuring a
single camera module unlike Galaxy Note 7's separate camera for the purpose of
iris scanning. For this to actually work, the company will have to actually add
in some sort of filter into the regular camera module.

However, no further details are yet available, including camera resolution,
sensor size, and aperture. But, with reports hinting at the company's decision
of moving out of modular accessories, this too may install a feeling of fear in
customers' mind. Who knows, when the company will pull it back again!

However, for more details, we may have to actually wait and watch until LG gives
a public announcement regarding its upcoming smartphone, G6 and its expected
features.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

LG's V20 to arrive in September

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 553 words


LG Electronics' mobile chief Cho Juno introduces its 5.7-inch premium handset ?
the V10 ? at its launch in Seoul, Oct. 1 in 2015. / Courtesy of LG
ElectronicsCompany hopes to reboud with Android 7.0 OS

The first half of the year could not have been more challenging for LG
Electronics' mobile unit, with its modular handset - the G5 - failing to reach
the sales expected.

The flagship handset started with great fanfare upon its introduction in March,
with customers praising LG's braveness to tap into the risky unconventional
handset ecosystem.

But it didn't take long for the company to realize that the handset ended in
failure. In early July, LG Electronics announced its corporate reshuffle,
replacing some executives in its mobile communication (MC) division. The move
came as the firm hoped to give fresh momentum to the ailing mobile unit
following the poor performance of the new flagship smartphone.

The company then created a program management office (PMO), directly-controlled
by its mobile unit chief Cho Juno. LG previously explained that the new
organization manages whole processes for its flagship handset business, ranging
from product planning, marketing to sales.

LG is launching two flagship smartphone lineups - the G and V series - each year
since the firm first unveiled the 5.7-inch premium handset, V10, last October.
The LG mobile chief previously said the move came as part of its revenue
diversification strategy by launching two flagship lineups - with the G series
in the first half of the year and the V lineup in the latter half.

Amid growing market uncertainty, the company on Monday unveiled its plan to
launch the new V series, V20, in September, with no specific timeline included.

'The V20 is designed to offer optimum multimedia experience for users,' said an
LG Electronics spokesman.

The company said in a statement that the new handset comes with the latest
Android operating system (OS), Android 7.0 Nougat. LG said the decision reflects
its strong partnership with Google, with both parties previously agreeing to
exchange patents until 2023.

The LG mobile chief said in the statement: 'The V20 is our first device to equip
the up-to-date Android OS.' He said the company hopes to set a new standard for
the premium device market with the enhanced multimedia functionality of the V20.

Late last month, the company said in a regulatory filing that it will strengthen
functionalities in video and audio for its new V series, as the V10 previously
won favorable market responses for its dual-selfie camera and dual-screen.

An industry source said: 'LG appears to have decided to introduce the new
flagship handset earlier than expected, as the company should brace for fierce
competition against other new premium smartphones from Apple and Samsung.'

Samsung Electronics plans to launch its new premium handset - Galaxy Note 7 - in
New York, Tuesday. Apple's new iPhone series will also reportedly be unveiled in
September.

Meanwhile, the V10 won explosive market responses in the United States where the
company had sold more than 450,000 V10 handsets, only 45 days after its launch
there.

The achievement enabled the company to record a 35.7 percent U.S. market share
among smartphones with more than 5.7-inch display, according to market
researcher International Technology Group (ITG).

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

LG's V20 to arrive in September

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 553 words


LG Electronics' mobile chief Cho Juno introduces its 5.7-inch premium handset ?
the V10 ? at its launch in Seoul, Oct. 1 in 2015. / Courtesy of LG
ElectronicsCompany hopes to reboud with Android 7.0 OS

The first half of the year could not have been more challenging for LG
Electronics' mobile unit, with its modular handset - the G5 - failing to reach
the sales expected.

The flagship handset started with great fanfare upon its introduction in March,
with customers praising LG's braveness to tap into the risky unconventional
handset ecosystem.

But it didn't take long for the company to realize that the handset ended in
failure. In early July, LG Electronics announced its corporate reshuffle,
replacing some executives in its mobile communication (MC) division. The move
came as the firm hoped to give fresh momentum to the ailing mobile unit
following the poor performance of the new flagship smartphone.

The company then created a program management office (PMO), directly-controlled
by its mobile unit chief Cho Juno. LG previously explained that the new
organization manages whole processes for its flagship handset business, ranging
from product planning, marketing to sales.

LG is launching two flagship smartphone lineups - the G and V series - each year
since the firm first unveiled the 5.7-inch premium handset, V10, last October.
The LG mobile chief previously said the move came as part of its revenue
diversification strategy by launching two flagship lineups - with the G series
in the first half of the year and the V lineup in the latter half.

Amid growing market uncertainty, the company on Monday unveiled its plan to
launch the new V series, V20, in September, with no specific timeline included.

'The V20 is designed to offer optimum multimedia experience for users,' said an
LG Electronics spokesman.

The company said in a statement that the new handset comes with the latest
Android operating system (OS), Android 7.0 Nougat. LG said the decision reflects
its strong partnership with Google, with both parties previously agreeing to
exchange patents until 2023.

The LG mobile chief said in the statement: 'The V20 is our first device to equip
the up-to-date Android OS.' He said the company hopes to set a new standard for
the premium device market with the enhanced multimedia functionality of the V20.

Late last month, the company said in a regulatory filing that it will strengthen
functionalities in video and audio for its new V series, as the V10 previously
won favorable market responses for its dual-selfie camera and dual-screen.

An industry source said: 'LG appears to have decided to introduce the new
flagship handset earlier than expected, as the company should brace for fierce
competition against other new premium smartphones from Apple and Samsung.'

Samsung Electronics plans to launch its new premium handset - Galaxy Note 7 - in
New York, Tuesday. Apple's new iPhone series will also reportedly be unveiled in
September.

Meanwhile, the V10 won explosive market responses in the United States where the
company had sold more than 450,000 V10 handsets, only 45 days after its launch
there.

The achievement enabled the company to record a 35.7 percent U.S. market share
among smartphones with more than 5.7-inch display, according to market
researcher International Technology Group (ITG).

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Sony to roll out Android N update to selected Xperia devices

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 206 words


NEW DELHI: Google started rolling out the Android 7.0 update for its Nexus
devices this week. HTC was the first manufacturer to confirm the Nougat update
for some of its devices. And now, Sony has confirmed that it will be rolling out
Android 7.0 Nougat update for selected Xperia devices.The Japanese smartphone
maker confirmed that the update will be available for Xperia Z3+, Xperia Z4
Tablet, Xperia Z5, Xperia Z5 Compact, Xperia Z5 Premium, Xperia X , Xperia XA,
Xperia XA Ultra and Xperia X Performance devices.The company has not yet
revealed that exact time the update will start rolling out for these devices.
Details about the same are expected to be available soon.Recently, LG started
rolling out the Android N preview programme for its G5 users. The programme is
available in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will enable users to experience
Android 7.0 Nougat early.The preview programme is only available to 2000
testers, who have applied for it on a first-come, first-served basis, starting
August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app from Google Play Store and
follow the mentioned steps to download the preview release of Android Nougat
through the companion desktop application.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Sony to roll out Android N update to selected Xperia devices

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 206 words


NEW DELHI: Google started rolling out the Android 7.0 update for its Nexus
devices this week. HTC was the first manufacturer to confirm the Nougat update
for some of its devices. And now, Sony has confirmed that it will be rolling out
Android 7.0 Nougat update for selected Xperia devices.The Japanese smartphone
maker confirmed that the update will be available for Xperia Z3+, Xperia Z4
Tablet, Xperia Z5, Xperia Z5 Compact, Xperia Z5 Premium, Xperia X , Xperia XA,
Xperia XA Ultra and Xperia X Performance devices.The company has not yet
revealed that exact time the update will start rolling out for these devices.
Details about the same are expected to be available soon.Recently, LG started
rolling out the Android N preview programme for its G5 users. The programme is
available in Korea on the LG U+ network, and will enable users to experience
Android 7.0 Nougat early.The preview programme is only available to 2000
testers, who have applied for it on a first-come, first-served basis, starting
August 16. Users can download the LG OS preview app from Google Play Store and
follow the mentioned steps to download the preview release of Android Nougat
through the companion desktop application.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday

900 million Android smartphones affected by security flaw in Qualcomm
processors: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


NEW DELHI: Beware, over 900 million Android devices are affected by 'high-risk'
Quadrooter flaw warns security company Check Point software technologies.Found
in devices running Qualcomm processors, QuadRooter includes four
vulnerabilities, any of which can be used by hackers to take control of an
smartphone. "If exploited, QuadRooter vulnerabilities can give attackers
complete control of devices and unrestricted access to sensitive personal and
enterprise data on them. Access could also provide an attacker with capabilities
such as keylogging, GPS tracking, and recording video and audio," says Check
Point in a blog post.Hackers can trigger any of these four vulnerabilities using
a malicious app.

"Such an app would require no special permissions to take advantage of these
vulnerabilities, alleviating any suspicion users may have when installing," adds
the post.The blog notes that QuadRooter affects smartphone drivers which control
communication between the various chipset components. Since the vulnerable
drivers are pre-installed on devices at manufacturing level, it can only be
fixed if the OEMs or carriers issue a software patch.Check Point recommends
users to download and install the latest Android updates as soon as they become
available, avoid side-loading apk files, read app permission requests carefully
while installing apps and more.Some of the latest smartphones that are
vulnerable to the QuadRooter are Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge , OnePlus 3,
Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus 6P, LG G4, LG G5 , LG V10, OnePlus One, OnePlus
2, OnePlus 3 and more.Earlier this year (in May), it was found that several
million Android smartphones running on Qualcomm processors are exposed to a
glitch that can be exploited by hackers to gain access to the device.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

LG takes fresh guard to gain foothold in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 399 words


LG Electronics believes it still has a chance to make a mark in the highly
competitive Indian smartphone market given the consistently strong demand, which
the struggling player hopes to tap through the eight phones that it plans to
launch this year.

About 10 months into his new role, Kim Ki Wan, managing director of LG
Electronics India, admitted that LG's absence in the high volume price segments
has hurt its position in the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, but
still believes there's enough room for smaller players.

"It is not late... every year Indian smartphone market is growing 10-20% while
global markets are flat. We're not in a hurry, but we should be different," Wan
told ET.

He was referring to industry expectations of about 220 million smartphone to be
shipped in the country this year, which makes 30% of the population, compared
with sales of around 100 million in 2015.

"Our focus will be on identifying consumers, their attributes and needs earlier
than our competitors and come up with new features, services and products, then
we can win the competition," said Wan.

LG lags way behind the pack of smartphones brands in India, with a 0.10% share
as of March 2016, as per Counterpoint Research. It has only two models in the Rs
5,000-Rs 15,000 price brackets, which make up 70% of the volume of smartphones
sold in India, and a very meagre presence in the Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 ranges,
which provide higher average sale prices.

Wan said the company will chalk out a five-six year strategy for the company by
the end of the year, which will outline the product strategy for mobile phone
including features, category and price range the company will look at to take on
the market. The new head wants mobile phones to contribute to about 10% to total
revenue, the same as washing machines, in future.

The company expects to touch a 10% share of the entire smartphone market within
a year on the back of three more models in the premium segment, among a total of
eight it plans to launch across price points.

Meanwhile, LG also plans to expand the capacity at its India manufacturing plant
and all future launches this year will be made from its local manufacturing
plant. A senior company executive who did not want to be named added that the
flagship LG G5, launched Wednesday, will be also be made in India, starting the
month-end.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG takes fresh guard to gain foothold in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 399 words


LG Electronics believes it still has a chance to make a mark in the highly
competitive Indian smartphone market given the consistently strong demand, which
the struggling player hopes to tap through the eight phones that it plans to
launch this year.

About 10 months into his new role, Kim Ki Wan, managing director of LG
Electronics India, admitted that LG's absence in the high volume price segments
has hurt its position in the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, but
still believes there's enough room for smaller players.

"It is not late... every year Indian smartphone market is growing 10-20% while
global markets are flat. We're not in a hurry, but we should be different," Wan
told ET.

He was referring to industry expectations of about 220 million smartphone to be
shipped in the country this year, which makes 30% of the population, compared
with sales of around 100 million in 2015.

"Our focus will be on identifying consumers, their attributes and needs earlier
than our competitors and come up with new features, services and products, then
we can win the competition," said Wan.

LG lags way behind the pack of smartphones brands in India, with a 0.10% share
as of March 2016, as per Counterpoint Research. It has only two models in the Rs
5,000-Rs 15,000 price brackets, which make up 70% of the volume of smartphones
sold in India, and a very meagre presence in the Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 ranges,
which provide higher average sale prices.

Wan said the company will chalk out a five-six year strategy for the company by
the end of the year, which will outline the product strategy for mobile phone
including features, category and price range the company will look at to take on
the market. The new head wants mobile phones to contribute to about 10% to total
revenue, the same as washing machines, in future.

The company expects to touch a 10% share of the entire smartphone market within
a year on the back of three more models in the premium segment, among a total of
eight it plans to launch across price points.

Meanwhile, LG also plans to expand the capacity at its India manufacturing plant
and all future launches this year will be made from its local manufacturing
plant. A senior company executive who did not want to be named added that the
flagship LG G5, launched Wednesday, will be also be made in India, starting the
month-end.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Samsung, LG likely to see contracted earnings in Q3

LENGTH: 414 words


[THE INVESTOR] South Korean tech giants Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics
are likely to see contracted earnings in the third quarter due to sluggish
smartphone sales, market analysts said Monday.

Local financial data provider FnGuide recently set the market consensus for
Samsung Electronics' operating profit for the July-September period at 7.6
trillion won ($6.8 billion). The figure is a more than 8 percent fall from the
same period last year and 1 trillion won below market expectations before
reports of the Galaxy Note 7 explosions.

"The recall may cost Samsung Electronics up to 1.5 trillion won, an equivalent
of around 4.8 percent of this year's estimated operating income," said Cho
Seung-bin, an analyst at Daishin Securities.

The LG Electronics headquarters in Yeouido, Seoul.

Following the recall issue, Hanwha Investment & Securities revised down
estimated sales figures for the Galaxy Note 7 in the fourth quarter from 7.5
million units to 6 million units. More than 200,000 local consumers have already
replaced their Galaxy Note 7 with new ones.

Samsung Electronics' local rival LG Electronics is also expected to report a
gloomy outlook in the third quarter, as sales of its LG G5 unveiled in March
continued to flop in the third quarter despite the solid performance of its home
appliances and televisions thanks to the scorching weather and the Chinese
holiday season.

FnGuide set the market consensus for LG Electronics' operating profit in the
third quarter at 371.5 billion won, a more than 35 percent fall from the
previous quarter.

"The deficits are predicted to widen in its mobile and communications division
due to sluggish sales in smartphones," said Koh Jung-woo, an analyst at NH
Investment & Securities.

The two tech giants, however, are expected to perform better in the coming
quarter, analysts predicted.

"Samsung Electronics may see solid performance in the fourth quarter, as rising
prices of the DRAM and NAND Flash may help its chip business recover," said Lee
Soon-hak, an analyst at Hanwha Investment & Securities.

LG Electronics is also expected to turn around thanks to a reshuffle in June,
the rollout of its new smartphone V20 and solid sales in its home appliances.

"LG Electronics may see a turnaround in the last quarter thanks to lowered fixed
costs following intensive restructuring in its mobile and communication division
alongside the rollout of the V20," said Kim Ji-san, an analyst at Kiwoom
Securities.

By Shin Ji-hye/The Korea Herald (

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

LG takes fresh guard to gain foothold in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 401 words


NEW DELHI: LG Electronics believes it still has a chance to make a mark in the
highly competitive Indian smartphone market given the consistently strong
demand, which the struggling player hopes to tap through the eight phones that
it plans to launch this year.

About 10 months into his new role, Kim Ki Wan, managing director of LG
Electronics India, admitted that LG's absence in the high volume price segments
has hurt its position in the fastest growing smartphone market in the world, but
still believes there's enough room for smaller players.

"It is not late... every year Indian smartphone market is growing 10-20% while
global markets are flat. We're not in a hurry, but we should be different," Wan
told ET.

He was referring to industry expectations of about 220 million smartphone to be
shipped in the country this year, which makes 30% of the population, compared
with sales of around 100 million in 2015.

"Our focus will be on identifying consumers, their attributes and needs earlier
than our competitors and come up with new features, services and products, then
we can win the competition," said Wan.

LG lags way behind the pack of smartphones brands in India, with a 0.10% share
as of March 2016, as per Counterpoint Research. It has only two models in the Rs
5,000-Rs 15,000 price brackets, which make up 70% of the volume of smartphones
sold in India, and a very meagre presence in the Rs 15,000 to Rs 50,000 ranges,
which provide higher average sale prices.

Wan said the company will chalk out a five-six year strategy for the company by
the end of the year, which will outline the product strategy for mobile phone
including features, category and price range the company will look at to take on
the market. The new head wants mobile phones to contribute to about 10% to total
revenue, the same as washing machines, in future.

The company expects to touch a 10% share of the entire smartphone market within
a year on the back of three more models in the premium segment, among a total of
eight it plans to launch across price points.

Meanwhile, LG also plans to expand the capacity at its India manufacturing plant
and all future launches this year will be made from its local manufacturing
plant. A senior company executive who did not want to be named added that the
flagship LG G5, launched Wednesday, will be also be made in India, starting the
month-end.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

LG Air Conditioners 'Scratch and Win' campaign kicks off

LENGTH: 469  words


JEDDAH - Shaker Group, the sole agent of LG Air Conditioners in the Kingdom,
launched its annual campaign "Scratch and Win" which includes cash discounts and
interesting prizes. Customers are entitled to the cash redemption for their
bought A/Cs, ranging between 20%, 30% and 50% in addition to many valuable
prizes on the daily draws run via the Shaker Group's social media platforms. The
campaign will last for two consecutive months starting from April 3, 2016. It
will be featured at Shaker Group showrooms and LG scattered outlets and Dealers
shops all-over the Kingdom. The campaign will include promotional activities in
the Kingdom tackling the Shaker Group's offers, products and services.

Shaker Group is used to launching such annual campaigns through which it
responds to the customers' demands and enrich their lives. Today, through the
"Scratch and Win" campaign, customer will get a special coupon upon his purchase
of any of LG A/Cs including the Wall Mount, Window, Floor Standing or the
Cassette A/C types. The coupon will entitle the customer to cash discounts and
fabulous prizes just right when he fills the required information by logging in
the campaign's official website. www.shakermegapromo.com

Jamil Bin Abdullah Al Molhem, Shaker Group's Managing Director, said "day after
day, Shaker Group strengthens its leadership in the Saudi market as one of the
top providers of total Air Conditioning and Home Appliances solutions, and this
campaign goes in line with the group's vision in this respect. Shaker Group
prides itself of the great achievement attained by LG Air Conditions since they
have been achieved the number 1 best selling A/Cs for the past 15 years. This is
coupled with the attainment of the ISO Award in the field of the superior
after-sale services provided by Shaker Group. These achievements emphasize
Shaker Group's goals and commitments to maintaining the high quality of its
products, superiority of after-sales services and competitive prices".

Al Molhem added "LG Air Conditions are known for their advanced technology and
attractive designs that elegantly meets the consumers' lifestyles requirements."

Maissam Hannawi, Vice President for Sales and Marketing at Shaker Group, said
"this campaign aims at promoting the LG's new Air Conditions devices that are
equipped with many advantages and smart specifications that respond the
consumer's expectations in terms of luxury, quality and energy saving. The
campaign is a real opportunity to win cash discounts and fabulous prizes
including the recently launched LG mobiles "LG G5", LG Air Purifiers and VIP
family trips to Atlantis Resort in Dubai including the air tickets and free 4
days full accommodations.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/52/146236531506.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/52/146236531506.jpg

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            January 2, 2005, Sunday

Hot picks of the year

BYLINE: By Hisham Harun

SECTION: Tech trek; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1168 words


LAST year was a great year for techies with a rapid succession of new and
improved models of digital gadgetry, writes HISHAM HARUN

IF ONLY WE HAVE THE MONEY TO BUY new gadgets offering the latest feature
every time one rolls out! There were just so many new gizmos last year.
Some of the big boys even produced up to four models a year. This was
especially so with mobile phones.

First, we were offered a phone with a camera and even before the novelty
had faded, another phone came into the market, offering both still
pictures and moving video capabilities. Then came yet another, one that
swivelled, making it so much easier to take pictures or make short videos.

As these smart phones became more intelligent by the day, consumers were
left more and more confused and boggled by the many options available.

It was the same situation with the pocket PC, audio, television, laptop
and digicams industries. Potential uyers were thoroughly spoilt for
choice. Yet, on careful inspection, there were some that worked and some
that should have been made better before they landed on the racks.

A top favourite of 2004 is the iPod, of which we have seen so many
versions. The latest is sleeker, stores more music and comes in sweet soft
shades. Whatever the model, every tech and music lover worth his salt will
know how wonderful Apple's iPod players are. But these new tinier musical
delights allow you to bring enough music for a three-day weekend
getaway... which is about 1,000 songs!

In addition to the sugary pastel hues in green, pink and blue, it also
comes in gold and silver. The 3.6oz iPods have lightweight scratch-
resistant aluminum casings and have back-lit screens which display full
song names and more.

In the Pocket PC category, the XDA II reigns supreme. Initially, the HP
Ipaq models, which seemed to be wheeled out three or four at a go, were
the benchmark of all Pocket PCs. But the sad thing was that they were too
thick and cumbersome for the palm.

Quick to capitalise on the situation, the O2 people showcased their
super sleek metallic versions - minus the thick-andstick- out-antenna -
that bowled over executives and top management with their function-packed,
cool-looking gadgets.

Lots of storage space, camera and video capability, great design, Net-
friendly, what more could the man-on-the-go need?

About the time the XDA II was introduced, a smart mobile or PDA phone
was being presented to the world by Sony Ericsson. The P900, which in the
same year evolved into the P910, was ground breaking in terms of the
functions it offered.

A rehashed version of the P900, the P910 was smoother, smarter and
sexier.

It offered 64MB of memory, had dual processors, Bluetooth, a memory card
slot and VGA camera.

The P910 also allowed one to send longer e-mails; browse the web on a
large colour touchscreen, and take down longer notes using a wide variety
of input methods via a natural handwriting recognition program and
software text keyboard.

For couch potatoes looking to get the big picture, LG offered the
biggest in 2004 with its model, aptly called television grande. LG's 71-
inch gas plasma beat Sony's biggest older tube model, by 10 inches.

This flat panel is said to be one of the few sharp ones good enough to
display ultra-hi-res pictures without choppy interlacing. And just like
the huge Sony, this three-inch-thick titan is also a multi-tasker - it can
handle nine picture-inpicture windows from video sources.

In the personal computer division, everyone in the industry had been
raving about the delicious new Apple with the sweetest juice around.
Definitely cream of the crop.

Even before one got a taste of what the Apple iMac G5 could do, one was
smitten by its looks. The Apple people had taken out the motherboard,
chips and stuff from inside their upsidedown salad bowl CPU, packed them
behind their flat screen monitor, and dished out a delectably divine PC
like no other!

The Apple iMac G5 is clean, simple and stunning all at once. More
compact than other all-in-one desktops, it offered a 20-inch screen that's
barely two inches thick and desktop-calibre hard drive.

A Bluetooth keyboard and mouse allow you to go wireless, so you may
never need to connect to a wired keyboard and mouse.

What's more, G5's software package includes the iLife multimedia suite,
Zinio Reader and Quicken 2004. Thanks to its faster processor, it delivers
a speedier boost over the iMac G4.

More recently, iPAQ - trying to get into the forefront of the Pocket PC
groove again - launched its new HP 6300 iPAQ model which offered 64MB of
RAM with built wi-fi, something the XDA II doesn't have.

The wi-fi function allows rapid data transfer at Hotspots. This is a
great buy until the MDA III or XDA III rolls out.

A little snag about the HP 6300 is that it still comes with a protruding
antenna.

And the design is not as smooth or sleek as the XDA. But if you're a
function-over-form person, this gadget (which comes with Bluetooth and a
1.2 megapixel camera) is a perfect new toy.

For cameras, last year saw every major camera manufacturer worth its
salt going down the 8 mega pixel route - Canon's PowerShot Pro 1, Sony
DSC-F828, Konica Minolta Dimage A2, Olympus C-8080, Nikon's 8700.

It is difficult to choose because all have their own strengths. For
instance, while Sony has the best design, Konica has its shake-proof,
image-stabilisation function and so on.

Thus, decisions should be made based on what one likes and needs - like
compromising on camera steadiness for a longer zoom or settling for a
shorter lens just for brighter colours.

On the home theatre front, the B&K brand reigned supreme. Its new Series
2 amplifier ref 200.7 and receiver ref 50 combo are still among the best
in the middle range category. They are highlighted here because, when
combined, the two produce sounds that put them in the same league as some
of their upscale brothers which are easily three times more expensive.

This system offers audio reproduction of dialogue and dramatic action
sequences that are to die for. When one hears an earthquake on the silver
screen, it really rumbles. Earth shattering indeed when fixed to a great
set of speakers.

However, if you lack space in your home, then fall back on Bose's
voicecancelling wireless earphones. They are the bomb. And we mean it.
Explosions are... well, like explosions when you're using these plugs.

And if you just want some peace and quiet while on a long-haul flight,
wear these to cancel out the slight humming of the aircraft as you try to
nap. You might just sleep undisturbed until you reach your destination.

So there you have it - some of my very personal choices. You might have
your own favourites and you might not be wrong. Like I mentioned earlier,
there are just too many choices out there, with different functions and
programmes that appeal to some more than others.

Happy New Year.


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2005 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              439 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

The Year of Great Expectations

LENGTH: 714 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Jan. 9 -- Smart Homes >>

Today, we randomly use technology to take care of our electrical appliances. The
only problem is that all the smart appliances are quite expensive. But now, with
Apple and Google pushing aggressively into the smart home market with the
smartphone as the centre of the universe, the component prices have also
decreased. So in the New Year, things would only improve and one would finally
be able to unlock the doors using the smartphone without having to fish out the
home keys.

Wearables >>

Every tech company is trying to find out the next big thing after the
smartphone. For some, the future lies with VR, while for others, the answer is a
wearable. Be it a smartwatch or a smart shoe, the companies believe that smart
wearables are the next milestone. Apple gave a big push to the idea with the
Apple Watch last year. Now with Apple Watch 2 set to see the light of the day,
and companies like Samsung and Sony too stepping up their game, this could well
be an interesting year for the wearables.

Focus on Phones

Be it changing status on Facebook or checking bank balance, we do almost
everything using the smartphone. This year too, the smartphone market is set to
create more buzz.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 6C >>

If things fall in place, Apple will launch iPhone 7 in September. It will not
only come out with a new design, but will also be thinner and faster than the
previous models. But will it do away with the iPhone jack? Will the home button
disappear? And will it be made of liquid metal? So before its launch, one will
have plenty to think about. In all probability, there will be an iPhone 6C this
year with a smaller iPhone 5-esque screen.

Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality Phones >>

Be it the new entrants Oculus or tech giants Samsung and Google, many companies
have been trying to make some Virtual Reality headsets for quite some time. No
one outside the tech bubble cared about them. Even with Google Cardboard, VR
failed to take hold. No one from the cheapest Google Cardboard to the costliest
Oculus Rift could figure out how to stop users from puking their brains out
while donning a VR headset.

This year, with better screens and powerful processors capable of playing video
at better frame rates, could see VR finally making it to the mainstream league.
And it is not just VR. With Microsoft promising to ship a developed version of
its HoloLens sometime this year, it could also be the year when augmented
reality, where we see images superimposed on real life objects, could enter the
popular imagination. The second generation of Google Glass also is set to be in
the market soon.

LG G5 >>

LG has been making some of the most admired Android phones recently. The next
iteration, the G5, is likely to be a stunner if we are to believe serial phone
secret leaker Evan Blass. It will reportedly come with a second screen for
notifications and stuff, will sport a full-metal body and the most surprising of
all, it will come with a 'Magic Slot' that will be used for the likes of 'VR,
360 and Party'.

Surface Phone >>

Microsoft is like the McDonald's of the technology world. Yes, it is selling and
making tons of money from its Windows and Office products. But the younger lot
don't want them anymore. They want something brand new. This year could see the
company coming up with its elusive Surface Phone. Will it be the dream phone to
make Windows fans swoon? Will it be the iPhone killer? Only time will tell.

Samsung Galaxy S7 >>

Samsung hoped that the Galaxy S6 will revive its fledgling fortunes. But it
didn't. They also expected the S6 Edge to do the trick, but even that failed.
Samsung will inevitably come back this year with the S7 and its curved sibling,
the S7 Edge. Both the phones are expected to be launched sometime in March
during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and both the phones are expected
to be pretty similar to their predecessors. They will be packed with more
powerful internals, a bigger camera and the new USB C port for charging and data
transfers.

Matham is a tech geek.

Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

LG's V20 set to hit market next week '

LENGTH: 440 words


LG's V20 handset and its 'sound package' audio devices which include Bluetooth
speaker and headset./ Courtesy of LG ElectronicsBy Lee Min-hyung

LG Electronics' audio-focused smartphone V20 will go on sale next week in Korea,
with the firm expanding its sales portfolio into key overseas markets such as
the United States and Hong Kong soon after, the company said Tuesday.

The handset manufacturer announced the much-hyped 5.7-inch handset will be
available from Sept. 29 with a price tag of 899,800 won ($804), up 100,100 won
from its predecessor the V10.

LG pinned hopes that the new premium handset will become a savior, helping the
firm rebound from its relatively weak profile in the high-end smartphone market
- dominated globally by Samsung and Apple.

Observers say the V20 comes at the best time when its biggest home turf rival
Samsung is suffering setbacks, after its Galaxy Note 7 handset has been mired in
a so-called 'exploding' battery scandal. Samsung plans to resume its sales on
Sept. 28 here. The Note 7 sells for 989,800 won.

'The price for the new V series went up, due to improved camera and audio
functions, but it remains to be seen whether this will put a damper on its
sales,' said a telecom industry official.

'It is too early to judge whether the price is reasonable, as we have to take
into account various factors - including the size of subsidies and market
responses after its release next week,' said the source.

An electronics industry official said the price of the new LG handset is
reasonable, given the upgraded high-end audio functions.

'Bang & Olufsen (B&O) earphones come bundled with the V20, which offer a similar
level of audio experiences as the H3 by B&O PLAY earphones,' said the source.
The H3 earphones sell for 279,000 won here.

The V20 also comes with a 32-bit Hi-Fi quad digital-to-analog converter (DAC),
generating a powerful performance double that of the Hi-Fi Plus with the B&O
PLAY audio module used for the G5 smartphone which was launched this February.
The module is priced at 189,000 won.

'Their combined value exceeds 500,000 won. But customers can enjoy all the
benefits with the price increase of 100,000 won. That is why the V20 is
price-competitive,' he said.

In a statement, LG Electronics dispelled concerns over the price increase,
citing various promotional events.

In particular, the company plans to offer a payback of up to some 460,000 won
for those who purchase the V20 through Shinhan Card. LG is also holding a
special 'sound package' promotion until the end of next month, offering a
Blutooth headset, speaker and battery pack for 5,000 won, in collaboration with
Shinhan Card.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Cost cuts behind earnings surprise of Samsung, LG

BYLINE: By Choi Sung-jin

LENGTH: 549 words


Samsung and LG, Korea's two electronics giants, had better-than-expected
performances in the first quarter, and behind the surprising results were their
meticulous strategies to cut costs, industry watchers said Tuesday.

These companies' sales have remained flat or even fallen but their operating
profits rose higher than what most analysts had expected, thanks to the strict
management of parts and components in stock and other cost-cutting efforts, they
said.

Company officials acknowledged it. 'When a business slump prolongs, it is the
management of the parts inventory that determines corporate bottom lines,' an LG
Electronics executive said. 'As we cannot know how long the sluggish demand will
continue, the company cannot help but draw up its manufacturing process in the
most conservative ways.'

Instead of betting on a wholly new model, companies often release alternative
products by slightly changing the existing ones and improving their functions,
in order to reduce costs and raise profits. 'In this way, businesses can make
the most of the inventory parts used for the existing models,' he said. 'If we
replace the previous model with a completely new one, the parts in stock will
grow and defect rates from new manufacturing lines will increase, pushing up
costs.'

In LG's first-quarter performances, sales dropped 5 percent from forecasts by
local brokerages but its operating profit rose 23.1 percent higher than
predicted. Samsung Electronics' sales, too, increased only 0.5 percent than
forecast but its operating profit was 19.3 percent larger than projected.

'Sales showed little difference from what experts had expected but profits were
surprisingly robust, which means the company put a focus on raising
profitability in the U.S. and Korean markets rather than expanding market shares
in emerging economies,' said Hwang Min-seong, an analyst at Samsung Securities.

Industry sources say the strategy is not entirely new and has been often used in
times of a business slump, citing Apple's iPhone 6 SE (special edition) and LG's
G5 SE, which were released at lower prices than previous models but produced
handsome profits because they used inventory parts. Samsung, too, applied this
formula to its Galaxy S7 phone, trying to maintain the appearance of the
existing product and sharply improving its performance.

The situation is similar with other home appliances, such as TVs, washing
machines and refrigerators, in that the makers minimized costs by focusing on
improving the performance of existing models rather than releasing completely
new ones, they said.

'We can adjust to a temporary slump by cutting costs and enhancing efficiency
through accumulated experiences,' said an executive at Samsung Electronics. 'How
long we can stand in this way depends on when sales recover previous levels.'

The end-producers' strict management of parts in stock is a bane for parts
suppliers, however, which saw sales and operating profits plunge. A local
brokerage estimated the operating profit of KH Vatec, which supplies parts for
the Galaxy S7, would plunge to 1.1 billion won in the first quarter, from 10.4
billion won a year ago. The operating profit of Samsung Electric, a parts maker,
was also forecast to drop to 68.3 billion won, 25 percent lower than an earlier
projection.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                             Lanka Business Report

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

360 videos set to transform filmmaking, social media and news

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 11 -- 360 degree videos, also known as immersive videos, are
expected to revolutionize filmmaking, social media videos and news reporting,
with Facebook this week allowing 360 photos to be uploaded by users.

The technology is fast growing in popularity with several affordable cameras
available on the market. The video from BBC below demonstrates the technology
where users can browse within the video.

Facebook said on its blog: "We introduced photos on Facebook more than a decade
ago, and they quickly became one of the main ways that people share their
experiences with their friends and the world. Hundreds of millions of photos are
shared on Facebook each day, from fun snapshots to photos of major life
milestones, and everything in between."

"Today, we're improving photos on Facebook so that people can share more
immersive views of their world."

Users can now simply take a panorama with a phone or capture a 360-degree photo
using a 360 photo app or 360 camera, and post it on Facebook like a normal
photo.

Facebook will then convert it to an immersive 360 photo that people can explore,
similar to how people experience 360 videos on Facebook.

The technology is set to transform filmmaking and news reporting, and some news
crews have already hit the road with their 360 cameras.

In terms of the gear you need, there are several options such as the LG 360 CAM
or the Ricoh Theta S. The LG 360 CAM appears to be the cheapest on the market,
priced at around 285 US dollars.

The LG 360 CAM is their virtual reality-shooting camera, launched as a 'friend'
to the G5 phone alongside its 360 VR headset. But owning a LG phone isn't a
prerequisite, and it can be used with an iPhone or, with some effort, on its
own, reviewers say.

The camera has two sensors pointing in opposite directions, one on each side,
and both are equipped with a fish-eye lens so that together they capture the
full spherical 360-degree image. LG doesn't provide much in the way of details
about what is inside, but with 13-megapixels each lens has a 206-degree view.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


             Copyright 2016 Vanguard Management Services (Pvt.) Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             March 18, 2016 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Bang & Olufsen outsources TV manufacturing to LG

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 395 words


Bang & Olufsen, the Danish maker of upmarket sound systems and televisions, said
on Friday it had entered a partnership with LG Electronics to outsource its
production of televisions.

The struggling Danish firm, which said in November it was in talks with a
potential buyer, said the deal "will address Bang & Olufsen's key challenges
related to scale and complexity".

"Bang & Olufsen's total production is around 30,000 TVs per year... By
comparison, LG sells 40 million TVs per year," chief executive Tue Mantoni told
AFP.

Working with the South Korean company would allow the Danish firm to leverage
its economies of scale while remaining a niche, luxury brand, he said.

"We will work with them on innovation and technology in some of the areas where
it's important to be bigger," he said.

The group, which also makes sleekly designed speakers, soundsystems and
headphones, said it would now focus on its core know-how in design and
acoustics.

The move would result in annual savings of between 150 and 200 million kroner
($23 million-$30 million, 20-27 million euros), and would bring it closer to a
seven percent margin target for earnings before interest and taxes, it said.

The partnership's first TV using organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays --
screens that deliver a more vivid picture quality and consume less electricity
-- is expected to be launched next year.

The agreement gives the Danish firm "a good possibility to establish a
profitable and competitive production of TVs," Sydbank analyst Morten Imsgard
wrote in a note to investors.

"The deal gives Bang & Olufsen far better conditions to survive as an
independent company," he said.

In February, LG unveiled its first modular smartphone, the G5, which came with a
sound system developed by Bang & Olufsen.

Shares in the Danish company soared in November after it said it was in talks
over a potential takeover offer.

On Friday it said that the talks were continuing but that no binding offer had
been made.

Founded in 1925, the Copenhagen-based company has posted annual losses over the
past three fiscal years as more people listen to music on their mobile devices
and after failing to attract younger consumers.

In a bid to attact more young people, it launched the B&O Play brand in 2012
with the aim of selling headphones and portable speakers to "design-conscious
urbanites with an active lifestyle."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

LGâ[#x20ac][TM]s car business swings to profit

LENGTH: 267 words


LG Electronics said Tuesday its car parts business division swung to a profit in
the fourth quarter for the first time since it started releasing its separate
earnings last year.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The company said the Vehicle Component division, which produces
parts for automotive infotainment systems, posted 520.4 billion won ($432
million) in sales and 9.7 billion won in operating profits in the
October-December period.

A company logo is displayed at the LG Electronics headquarters in Seoul (Yonhap)

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]LG established the division in 2013 to tap deeper into the
lucrative market for futuristic vehicles such as full-electric vehicles and
self-driving cars. Its local rival Samsung launched a similar team in December.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The Korean tech giant restored profitability across its
business divisions. Its fourth-quarter profits surged 26.8 percent to 349
billion won from a year ago. Sales stood at 14.5 trillion won, down 4.7 percent
on-year.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]Largely buoyed by increased sales of more profitable organic
light emitting diode or OLED TVs, the Home Entertainment business division's
operating profits soared to 109.2 billion won from last year's 2.1 billion won.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]The mobile business division, which suffered 77.6 billion
profit losses in the third quarter, swung to a profit of 68.1 billion won in the
fourth quarter.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]LG sold 15.3 million smartphones in the quarter, of which LTE
phones made up a record 10.8 million units.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]In Tuesday's conference call, the company said it will launch
two premium smartphones this year, including its flagship G5 in March, while
diversifying budget phone lineups.

ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Jumbo GITEX 2016 Shopper Spring Edition Deals

LENGTH: 112  words


By tbreak Staff -

GITEX is always a good time to buy your favourite gadget- you tend to get a lot
more for your money with bundled accessories or vouchers. GITEX Shopper spring
edition is currently going on at DWTC and will last till the 2nd of April. Here
are some of the hottest deals by Jumbo this year:

Although LG has announced the LG G5, the V10 is a fantastic phone with a bigger
display and a rugged look. Jumbo has priced it at AED 2199 and giving away
freebies such as an AED 150 gift voucher, a Ted Lapidus watch, a selfie stick, a
power bank and a backpack.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/82/145933701857.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/20/145933701878.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Reliance Jio offers preview scheme on all Samsung, LG 4G smartphones starting
today

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Aug. 22 -- Zee Media Bureau
 All Samsung and LG smartphones which are 4G-enabled can also avail the Reliance
Jio's Preview scheme, starting today.


 Jio's Preview scheme offers unlimited access to calls, text messages, internet
as well as apps for live TV, video on demand, music streaming and others for 90
days.
 Relaince Jio's official website has published a list of smartphones that will
support the Preview offer.
 The list of Samsung smartphones include the Samsung Galaxy A3, Galaxy A5,
Galaxy A5 2016, Galaxy A5 Duos, Galaxy A7, Galaxy A7 2016, Galaxy A8, Galaxy
Alpha, Galaxy Core Prime, Galaxy Grand Max, Galaxy J max, Galaxy J1 Ace, Samsung
Galaxy J1 Ace, Galaxy J2, Galaxy J2 (2016), Galaxy J2 Pro, Galaxy J3, Galaxy J5,
Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy J7, Galaxy J7 (2016), Galaxy K Zoom, Galaxy Note 3,
Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Note 5 Duos, Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy Note
Edge, Galaxy S 5 Plus, Galaxy S4, GALAXY S4 4G, Galaxy S4, Galaxy S5 Neo, Galaxy
S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge, Grand Prime,
Galaxy On5, Galaxy On5 Pro, Galaxy On7 and Galaxy On7 Pro
 The LG smartphones that are eligible for the offe r areK7 LTE, Stylus 2 K520DY,
G5 H860, X Screen K500I, Stylus 2 Plus K535D, G4 Stylus 4G H630D and H442 LG
Spirit LTE.
 Before today, Reliance Jio Preview Offer was exclusive to only LYF smartphone
series and few selected Samsung smartphones like the Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 edge,
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 edge, Galaxy S6 edge Plus, Galaxy A5 2015 and Galaxy A5
2016, Galaxy A7 2015, Galaxy A7 2016, Galaxy A8 and Galaxy Note 4.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Firms experiment with build-your-own phones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


NEW YORK - If you could build your dream smartphone, what would it look like?
Now suppose you could put it together yourself.

That's the promise of modular design, a new concept in smartphones that would
basically let you snap together different components like Lego blocks. Say you
want a great camera. Snap! A vivid screen and good sound because you watch a lot
of video? Snap! But maybe you could live with a smaller battery because you
spend most of your day at home or work. Snap!

Sure, phones now offer choices in colour and storage. Motorola goes a bit
further in letting you choose custom backs made of wood or leather. But the rest
of the phone is pretty standard. You're stuck with the processor, battery and
other hardware chosen by Motorola, Apple, Samsung and other tech companies.

With modular design, you could just pay for the components you need instead of
settling for whatever manufacturers put in their designs. And instead of buying
a new phone every year or two, you could just upgrade individual parts as they
wear out or become obsolete.

LG is dipping its toes in the modular-design concept with its upcoming G5
smartphone, announced this week at a wireless conference. The bottom of the
phone pops out to let you swap in new hardware. For starters, you'll be able to
attach a camera grip with physical shutter buttons or insert a high-fidelity
audio system if regular MP3-quality sound isn't good enough for you.

Google's Project Ara, which isn't making products yet, is also outlining a
modular-design approach that starts with a structural frame and lets you add
cameras, sensors and batteries. Google figures a phone could cost as little as
$50 using the most basic parts.

A Dutch startup called Fairphone is selling the $580 Fairphone 2 online. Though
it comes assembled, you can replace the screen for less than $100, or the camera
for $40. An expansion port will let people add components - perhaps for wireless
charging or mobile payments - that Fairphone or outside parties make in the
future.

Chinese phone maker ZTE has circulated concept designs. Other startups exploring
modular phones include Finland's PuzzlePhone (as in the components fit together
like a puzzle).

Modular phone design is similar to how hobbyists build their own personal
computers or soup up their cars. But there's no guarantee the idea will take
off.

For one thing, modular design is itself a trade-off. Many consumers want phones
to be thin, light and power efficient, and that means all the parts have to be
tightly integrated. You give that up when you go modular.

Samsung, for instance, rejects modular design, preferring to offer "the best
combination of features and functionality" in a compact and elegant design, says
Justin Denison, Samsung's senior vice-president for U.S. product strategy and
marketing.

Modular design also isn't easy. Project Ara missed its 2015 target for a pilot
project in Puerto Rico and suggested in cryptic tweets that designing modules
has proven more complicated than expected. Google had no further comment.

Ronan de Renesse, lead analyst for consumer technology with the research firm
Ovum, says many parts in current smartphones are designed specifically to work
together. Swap in a new camera or screen, and the older processors might not
know what to do with it. The camera might stutter, the screen might blink, and
both might drain the battery faster than expected.

Lego-like parts also could allow dust or water to intrude into the phone's
innards. Their connections might also give way over time.

"I don't think those phones are going to be reliable enough for the mass
market," de Renesse says.

There's already some buzz around the phones. Fairphone has sold about 35,000
units and is targeting 150,000 this year. The company says many of its customers
are environmentally conscious about e-waste and don't need up-to-the-minute
advances in phone technology.

Many big phone makers introduce features just to have something to brag about in
ads, says Miquel Ballester, Fairphone's co-founder. "I don't really think it's
always what the customer is looking for."

Even if the appeal is limited, the concept could have broader influence.

LG's G5 isn't fully modular, as users couldn't replace processors, cameras and
screens themselves. LG's Frank Lee says the modular design for now is mostly
about enhancing the phone's capabilities with optional features. But perhaps one
day, he says, people will be able to swap in a slower, but more power-efficient
processor on days they'll be away from chargers.

In the future, he says, "we won't be referring to them as phones anymore."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Here's what Google has to say on the Android bug affecting 900 million phones

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


NEW DELHI: Recently, it was found that a bug named QuadRooter puts almost 1
billion Android handsets at risk. The vulnerability, discovered by security
company Check Point, is said to give hackers access to user's personal
information by remotely rooting the smartphones. According to the company, the
security bug affects devices with Qualcomm chips, which are installed into
devices during the manufacturing process.The flaw includes four vulnerabilities,
any of which can be used by hackers to take control of a smartphone.

Now, Google has reportedly given its stance on the matter claiming that the
threat is not as serious as it has been projected.The search giant, as reported
by Tech Insider, has said that out of the aforementioned four vulnerabilities it
has fixed three issues as a part of the August Android OS security update. The
fourth vulnerability will be fixed in September's security update.Although
Google is already sending out fixes for the bug, it still remains unlikely that
all the 900 million smartphones would receive the update. Google adds that its
'Verify Apps' feature would also be ruling out the malicious apps. The feature
will scan the apps before installing them on the handset. Verify Apps is
switched on by default.However, those users who have older versions of Android
OS running on their handsets (older than Jelly Bean) would have to manually
activate the 'Verify Apps' feature.The QuadRooter vulnerability affects
smartphone drivers which control communication between the various chipset
components. Check Point recommends users to download and install the latest
Android updates as soon as they become available, avoid side-loading apk files,
read app permission requests carefully while installing apps and more.Some of
the latest smartphones that are said to be vulnerable to QuadRooter are Samsung
Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge , OnePlus 3, Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus 6P, LG
G4, LG G5 , LG V10, OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, OnePlus 3 and more.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

AND THE REST... It's not all glass rectangles, here are some of the weirder
announcements from MWC

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 173 words


HTC VIVE The Oculus Rift's closest competitor, the HTC Vive headset is unique in
using a pair of room-scanning beacons to turn any area into a fully immersive
virtual reality playground. It's the sort of tech that has to be seen to be
believed. This year's MWC brought news that the HTC Vive will come with a hefty
$800 price tag and will ship in April.

LG ROLLING BOT Alongside announcing its new flagship G5 phone, LG showed off a
prototype of its adorable new spherical friend, the Rolling Bot. A home
protecting, wi-fi enabled butler buddy, its usefulness seems limited to:
tripping up less popular family members, stressing out pets, and being stomped
to death by totally unfazed burglars.

ORAL-B GENIUS On the list of household objects that don't need to be connected
to the internet, the toothbrush is right up there. But if you're concerned that
you might not be brushing properly, why not try the Oral-B Genius, an electric
toothbrush that asks you to mount your phone the bathroom mirror to monitor you
while you scrub those molars.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      February 26, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG, Sony to Exit from Entry Level Smartphone Market in India; Stiff Competition
from Local Players

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 542  words


LG has been serving India for quite some time now with its range of smartphones
in every segment. Sony used to develop smartphones on the expensive side, but
recently joined the bandwagon to provide similar experience as on the high-end
smartphone on cheaper smartphones. LG's L series did not take off as expected,
while Sony's Xperia series did not impress those looking for budget phones.

In a news that may not be surprising, but saddening, LG and Sony both have
decided to leave the entry level smartphone segment and focus more on the other
segments where sales are motivating. Both of them have shown decline over the
last few months and the market share of LG has dropped to 0.4% while Sony's is
at 1.5%, in 2015. The respective shares in 2014 were 1% and 4%, nothing to write
home about. Domestic smartphone size grew by 20% in 2015 and the leaders have
kept their positions intact.

Motorola, acquired by Lenovo, had also planned to follow a similar route,
despite of different reasons.

The entry-level market is one of the most important segments in India, where the
sales have been increasing every year. Better phones are being launched every
quarter claiming high-end features in low-end prices, which is making this
market very hot right now. The market is dominated by Samsung, Micromax, Intex
and Lenovo who have a market share of 26%, 16%, 10% and 9% respectively in 2015.

Sony and LG claim that the local players and Chinese handset makers are eating
away into their sales, due to high proliferation in the market and competitive
pricing. LG and Sony reek of quality, but fail to deliver the same in terms of
pricing and we have seen in the past that Sony usually prices its smartphones
higher than the usual norm.

"Sony Mobile has shifted its focus more on premium segment within the product
portfolio. The number of models will reduce as compared to last year as we shift
focus purely on the premium segment," was communicated by a spokesperson. Sony
does not have many exciting phones in the mid-range segments either, and the
only high-end smartphones in its kitty are Z5 and Z5 Dual, which come boast of
excellent camera, display quality and sturdiness. Sony needs time to streamline
its operations in India before venturing out into niche segments dominated by
other similar smartphone makers.

"We have our smartphone portfolio starting from a price point of Rs 8,000 and we
shall continue to bring new devices in this price segment. This is in alignment
with our smartphone strategy for India and all our future smartphones that are
in the pipeline are all aligned to this strategy,", said a spokesperson from LG.
LG too is restructuring its entry market division and plans to do thorough
research before launching a new smartphone in this category. The LG G5 launched
at MWC 2016, shows that LG can be one of the best in the premium segment, but
the Indian market does not accept low-end smartphones with no outstanding
features.

Recent entry of LeEco, Xiaomi and OnePlus have created a stir amongst the
citizens of India for offering high-end features in relatively inexpensive
smartphones. It is quite possible other players like Samsung face heat in the
market, however that is definitely not happening until the end of this decade.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Perfect 10 are best in show

SECTION: THE BEAT;FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 981 words


It's been a busy week of unveilings in the world of tech. On top of Apple taking
the wraps off of it's new iPhone 7 on Wednesday and Sony at last confirming the
existence of the PlayStation 4 Pro the same evening, last weekend also saw the
annual buttons and bratwurst fest that is IFA take place in Berlin. Here's my
pick of the new gear shown off at Europe's biggest tech expo. MOTO Z PLAY LG may
have only had modest success with the mix-and-match G5 handset, and Google this
week killed off its Project Ara concept, but Motorola nevertheless used IFA to
throw its weight behind modular mobile phones.

Much like the G5, the Z Play is a pretty solid high-end smartphone in its own
right that has interchangeable back plates.

These allow you to clip on different attachments called Moto Mods, with the
Lenovo-owned firm showing off a smartlooking lens add-on with a 10x optical zoom
built by German optics specialist Hasselblad. WELT SMART BELT First unveiled at
CES in Las Vegas in January, Samsung spin-off firm Welt used IFA to announce a
kickstarter campaign for its waistline-tracking smart belt.

Pledge $119 and, just in time for those post-Christmas diets, you should get
your hands on the discreet wearable which also tracks your eating habits, step
counts and the time you spend sitting.

TOMTOM TOUCH With dedicated satnavs being increasingly eclipsed by smartphone
apps, Dutch specialist TomTom has been moving towards making fitness trackers.
Its latest is the Touch, which has the USP of being able to display body fat
calculations. Pressing a touch-sensitive button sends a small electrical current
through your body which lets the wearable measure the balance between muscle
mass and fat.

While we are yet to see how accurate and reliable these stats are, the
innovative feature certainly one-ups rivals such as Fitbit. SONY XPERIA XZ Sony
rustled up a fair bit of excitement from phone fans by giving a debut to its new
flagship handset at IFA.

With a greater focus on its photography features than predecessor the Xperia X,
the Xperia XZ has a 23mp sensor and improved white balance performance. It also
has fancy five-axis image stabilisation technology which will help stop blurry
videos, is fully waterproof and has the added promise of an early update to
Google's latest Android Nougat operating system.

RAZOR STARGAZER WEBCAM You may wonder what a seemingly humble webcam is doing in
our top 10 picks, but this gamer-focused piece of kit was a major talking point
at the show.

Able to shoot at 720p at 60fps or 1080p at 30fps, it features Intel's RealSense
technology, allowing you to remove and switch backgrounds without the need for a
green screen. On top of that it can also work as a 3D scanner, allowing you to,
amongst other things, scan your face and directly port it into game worlds. It
also boasts built-in noise cancellation as well as Kinect-style gesture/ SONY
facial recognition. ACER PREDATOR 21 X If you were to make an ultimate wish list
for stuff you wanted from a top-spec gaming laptop, it'd probably read like the
Acer Predator 21 X's spec sheet.

ACER PREDATOR 21 X It's the most insane laptop we've seen. For starters, it has
a 21-inch curved display, while inside it's packing not one, but two
top-of-the-line Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 desktop-class graphics cards. Add a
transforming numberpad/touchpad and you've got the ultimate gaming laptop on
your hands - and it will likely cost the world when it launches in 2017.

PHILIPS OLED 901F Philips's first foray into OLED TV territory is a blinder. A
rich 4K panel for ultra-high definition movie playback, it has a sleek design
that lets this 55-inch screen slip into its surroundings.

That is, until you turn it on, at which point your living room bursts into
colour.

That's because Philips has packed its Ambilight technology into the display,
projecting colours matching the on-screen action onto the walls behind to fully
immerse the viewer in the action. Throw in Android TV smart functionality and
it's a winner. LENOVO YOGA BOOK It's hard to find anything truly unique in the
world of consumer tech these days but Lenovo's Yoga Book xcertainly is. The
hybrid XPERIA XZ l /bl k i l i l l i i laptop/tablet taken to its logical
conclusion, it swaps out the physical keyboard for another capacitive touch
display, essentially leaving you with a dual-screened device.

While full-size touch keys with haptic feedback may take some getting used to
for traditional keyboard warriors, Lenovo is also throwing in a top-notch stylus
too, making this as much a digital notepad or art device as a spreadsheet
smasher.

Rumours suggest the Yoga Book will launch (in both Windows 10 and Android
flavours) at a more affordable price than you may think. SAMSUNG GEAR S3 CLASSIC
The smartwatch revolution still isn't in full swing, but that's not stopping
Samsung from trying.

Running the company's own Tizen OS, the 1.3-inch screen Gear S3 Classic offers
an always-on look at the watch face through a Super AMOLED screen.

A rotating bezel lets you dive into app options, while a speedometer and
altimeter join the fitness-tracking sensors.

Samsung's also made the Gear S3 Frontier with a rugged build and LTE
connectivity for smartphone-free watch smarts.

PANASONIC DMP-UB700 4K BLU-RAY PLAYER It may not be much to look at but the
DMPUB700 has a killer feature - its price tag.

Panasonic's latest 4K Blu-ray player costs a relatively affordable £400, putting
4K disc playback within reach of even the casual movie fan. Future-proofed by
conforming to the new "Ultra HD Premium" specification, it has twin HDMI ports
for audio passthrough, and online connectivity for streaming in the latest HDR
shows and movies from Netflix.

ACER PREDATOR 21 X SONY XPERIA XZ PHILIPS OLED 901F LENOVO YOGA BOOK PANASONIC
DMP-UB700 4K BLU-RAY PLAYER RAZOR STARGAZER WEBCAM MOTO Z PLAY SAMSUNG GEAR S3
CLASSIC TOMTOM TOUCH WELT SMART BELT

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Facebook's next page: virtual reality

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 346  words


Friends living thousands of kilometres apart will be able to meet in a virtual
world under plans outlined by Facebook yesterday.

The vision, in a Facebook blogpost, coincided with the -appearance of Facebook
founder Mark Zuckerberg at Samsung's launch of its Galaxy S7 smartphone at
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, an annual trade show spruiking all things
telco.

Samsung and Korean rival LG unveiled new premium smartphones - Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and LG's G5 - and also announced 360-degree cameras that let users create
virtual reality movies. Users watch the movies while wearing virtual reality
headsets.

Facebook owns Oculus VR, which has developed a high-resolution virtual reality
headset to be released in April. Working alongside Oculus VR, Samsung has
developed a lower resolution, mobile version known as Gear VR. The long-term aim
is to stream footage captured at one location and let people elsewhere in the
world immerse themselves in that environment.

Yesterday at Samsung's launch event, Mr Zuckerberg outlined how Facebook was
optimising video to reduce the drain on internet bandwidth to make virtual
interactions possible across the world.

He said Facebook's technology would show only that part of the 360-degree vista
that a viewer was actually looking at in the highest quality, instead of
delivering the entire 360-degree video in high definition. This capability would
be brought to Samsung's Gear VR, he said.

In a blogpost yesterday, Facebook said it was creating a team focused entirely
on the future of social interaction in virtual -reality.

"In the future, VR will -enable even more types of connection - like the ability
for friends who live in different parts of the world to spend time together and
feel like they're really there with each other," Facebook said.

Last year, Samsung organised for an electrical contractor in Queensland, to be
virtually present at the birth of his son in Perth. Given the bandwidth involved
in streaming 360-degree video is large, Samsung set up special communications to
make the streaming possible.

TECHNOLOGY P28-29

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday
                              Australian2 Edition

Facebook's next page: virtual reality

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 323  words


Friends living thousands of kilometres apart will be able to meet in a virtual
world under plans outlined by Facebook yesterday.

The vision, in a Facebook blogpost, coincided with the -appearance of Facebook
founder Mark Zuckerberg at Samsung's launch of its Galaxy S7 smartphone at
Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, an annual trade show spruiking all things
telco.

Samsung and Korean rival LG unveiled new premium smartphones - Samsung's Galaxy
S7 and LG's G5 - and also announced 360-degree cameras that let users create
virtual reality movies. Users watch the movies while wearing virtual reality
headsets.

Facebook owns Oculus VR, which has developed a high-resolution virtual reality
headset to be released in April. Working alongside Oculus VR, Samsung has
developed a lower resolution, mobile version known as Gear VR. The long-term aim
is to stream footage captured at one location and let people elsewhere in the
world immerse themselves in that environment.

Yesterday at Samsung's launch event, Mr Zuckerberg outlined how Facebook was
optimising video to reduce the drain on internet bandwidth to make virtual
interactions possible across the world. He said Facebook's technology would show
only that part of the 360-degree vista that a viewer was actually looking at in
the highest quality, instead of delivering the entire 360-degree video in high
definition. This capability would be brought to Samsung's Gear VR, he said.

In a blogpost yesterday, -Facebook said it was creating a team focused entirely
on the future of social interaction in virtual -reality.

"In the future, VR will -enable even more types of connection - like the ability
for friends who live in different parts of the world to spend time together and
feel like they're really there with each other," Facebook said.

Last year, Samsung organised for an electrical contractor in Queensland, to be
virtually present at the birth of his son in Perth.TECHNOLOGY P28-29

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                              Electronics For You

                                  July 1, 2016

First Look - Estyle: Smartphone from LG

LENGTH: 97  words


India's first modular smartphone

Price Rs 52,990

LG G5 features a transformative design featuring slide-out battery and modular
functionality. It features Android 6.01 Marshmallow, Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor with 2.1GHz 64-bit quad-core CPU, 4GB RAM, hybrid-dual SIM (nano)
type, full-touch screen, IPS in-cell touch display with QHD (2560x1440) 554ppi
resolution, a wide-angle dual (16MP normal and 8MP wide) camera that lets you
capture more, sensors like fingerprint, proximity, ambient light, accelerometer,
digital compass, gyroscope, hall IC and barometer, and much more.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 March 25, 2016
                                 First Edition

Smartphones The 10 Best...;
Due an upgrade? David Phelan rounds up the competition

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 451 words


{1} HTC ONE A9 If you like the design of an iPhone but prefer Google's Android
operating system, the A9 is a wise choice. It has a pristine 5in display and
13-megapixel camera. HTC's customisation of Android is excellent.

£357.45, amazon.co.uk {2} APPLE iPHONE 6S PLUS This is the biggest-screened
iPhone with a gorgeous, high-resolution, 5.5in display and impeccable
12-megapixel camera. It has amassive range of apps, excellent voice recognition
and 3D Touch, where you press harder for extra functions. From £619,
apple.com/uk {3} APPLE iPHONE SE The newest iPhone, has a 4in screen which feels
much more suited to smaller hands - and pockets. It's the lowest priced iPhone
ever, but still includes a blazing-fast processor, a 12-megapixel camera capable
of shooting 4K video, and more. From £359, apple.com/uk {4} LG G5 The G5 is
different to other smartphones: the base slides off so you can insert a new
battery or attach a grip for the 16-megapixel camera. It has an always-on screen
that shows the time even when it's sleeping (and uses barely any battery). £529,
amazon.co.uk {5} MICROSOFT LUMIA 950 This is like having a full computer on your
phone. It uses a version of Windows 10 so will be familiar (but very different
from Android or Apple). You can even connect it to a display, keyboard and mouse
via a display dock. There's a 20-megapixel camera and 5.2in screen.

£399.99, johnlewis.com {6} NEXTBIT ROBIN The Robin has 32GB of storage built in,
plus 100GB more in the cloud. When the phone gets full, it automatically
transfers stuff to the cloud. The refreshing design incorporates a good 5.2in
display and decent 13-megapixel camera. £277.20, nextbit.com {7} SAMSUNG GALAXY
S7 EDGE This has a dazzling design, fast processor, 12-megapixel camera and
strong battery life. The 5.5in screen is as big as the iPhone 6s Plus but feels
easier to hold. The best Android smartphone on the market.

£639.99, selfridges.com {8} HONOR 5X This has a slick aluminium build, excellent
5.5in display, 13-megapixel camera. and a second sim card slot to run two
numbers. Battery life's decent and there's a nippy processor. Excellent value.
£189.99, three.co.uk {9} SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 If you like the latest Galaxy but
prefer a smaller screen, choose the S7 with its 5.1in display. It packs the same
camera, performance and battery life as the S7 Edge into a more conventional
styling. Both will run Samsung Pay later this year. £606.55, amazon.co.uk {10}
SONY XPERIA Z5 PREMIUM Many phones shoot 4K video, but only this one, with its
exceptionally high-quality screen, can play it back in full resolution. There's
a powerful 23-megapixel camera and a discreet fingerprint sensor. £599.99,
carphonewarehouse.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                       July 6, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Xiaomi to Enter Premium Smartphone Segment; Here's What You Can Expect

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 541  words


There was commotion in the affordable smartphone market when Xiaomi entered
India in July 2014 with the Mi 3. In 2014, most flagships would sport similar
features and 2x or 3x the price of Mi 3. A winner in the home country, Xiaomi
made ripples in the Indian market with its other smartphones as well.

The company was also one of the first Chinese smartphone makers to enter India,
which actually led the way for other Chinese companies in India. Fast forward
two years, and Xiaomi has already launched its flagship smartphone Xiaomi Mi 5
with the latest MIUI8 ROM.

India is a very important market for the Chinese player and the recent
relaxation in local sourcing norms is expected to propel Xiaomi's sales in India
to another level. However, the company is not looking to be a leader in just the
budget smartphone segment.

Liwan Jiang, Co-Founder - Xiaomi, communicated that the company is planning to
move away from the lower rung of the market and get into the premium segment.
This does not mean Xiaomi will not launch cheaper smartphones, but they will be
announcing a high-end spec'ed smartphones by the end of this year.

You can imagine what high-end premium smartphone for Xiaomi would be, when their
medium-range Mi series carries hardware comparable to that of smartphones worth
more than Rs. 40,000.

What can we expect from Xiaomi's premium phone?

The smartphone will sport a price tag of $600 or Rs. 40,000 and will come with
top-notch specifications that will make the price look low. Xiaomi's mantra has
been creating hype in the smartphone market to increase sales, rather than
depending on advertising and marketing.

Our take on what specifications this phone could possess -

* Display: 5.3 to 5.5-inch 4k HD AMOLED panel

* Processor: Snapdragon 821 or 823, depending upon the latest CPU from Qualcomm

* RAM and Internet storage: 6GB RAM and 128GB internal storage, considering 6GB
RAM is available in cheaper smartphones, it is possible Xiaomi launches one with
8GB of

RAM

* Graphics: Adreno 530 GPU

* Camera: Top-of-the-line 21MP primary camera with phase detection autofocus and
optical image stabilization, 16MP front-facing camera with flash

* Battery: 3,500mAh battery to support all the high-end features with further
fast charging innovations

* Miscellaneous: USB Type-C support for quick charging, 4G LTE ready, Android
Nougat, Bluetooth 4.2, fingerprint sensor, NFC

These specifications can also be put in a relatively cheaper smartphone,
something like OnePlus 3, but Xiaomi can differentiate it by using innovate
modules in the phone like the LG G5 or Moto Z/Z Force. Xiaomi can also bundle
some accessories with the smartphone to make it unique and suave.

The smartphone is also expected to be a uni-body metal with very thin bezels (or
even none at all) and a generally thin profile. These are all speculations, and
it is possible Xiaomi comes up with something completely new and different to
its users. The phone will compete with Samsung Galaxy S7, Google Nexus 6P 2016,
iPhone 6S/7, LG G5 and HTC 10.

Mi Fans around the world would be excited to hear the news, and we ourselves and
eager to know more about the smartphone. Let us see how other Chinese smartphone
makers and Korean smartphone makers respond to this announcement.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

Top 10 biggest brands in Asia

LENGTH: 542  words


Advertising media Campaign unveiled its annual "Asia Top 1000 Brands" report on
Monday, with Samsung occupying the top spot as the most desirable brand in Asia
for the sixth year, followed by Apple, Sony, Nestle and Panasonic.

According to the company, the study encompassed 14 major brand categories, from
alcohol to financial services, consumer electronics to automotive and more than
70 sub-categories.

"Launched in 2004, the report is the largest study of consumer attitudes towards
brands, with 6,400 people surveyed in Asia across 13 markets," said a statement
of the company.

Let's take a look at the top ten brands listed in the report.

No. 10 Adidas

A shop assistant presents the new Adidas NMD model at the flagship store in
Berlin, Germany, in this January 20, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 9 Chanel

German photographer Karl Lagerfeld, head designer and creative director of
fashion house Chanel, poses with a model after a fashion show of his latest
inter-seasonal Cruise collection, at the Paseo del Prado street in Havana, Cuba,
May 3, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 8 Canon

A man looks at Canon lenses and cameras at the Canon stall during the CP+ camera
and photo trade fair in Yokohama, Japan, February 25, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 7 LG

A model poses for photographs with LG Electronics' new smartphone G5 and its
removable battery during its launch event in Taipei,March 24, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 6 Nike

Track and Field jerseys and footwears for USA and China made by Nike are
displayed during an unveiling event in New York, March 17, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 5 Panasonic

Visitors look at Panasonic Corp's luxury brand home appliances called J concept
at CEATEC (Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies) JAPAN 2015 in Makuhari,
Japan, October 6, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 4 Nestle

Different types of chocolate bars are seen in the company supermarket at the
Nestle headquarters in Vevey, February 17, 2011. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 3 Sony

Game developer Marc Flury plays Kokoromi's Superhypercube on Sony's PlayStation
VR during an event in San Francisco, California March 15, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 2 Apple

People wait in line for the opening of the next generation Apple Store in San
Francisco, California, U.S. May 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 1 Samsung

A model demonstrates the waterproof function of a Samsung Electronics' new
smartphone Galaxy S7 Edge during its launch ceremony in Seoul, South Korea,
March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/146525736292.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa5c903.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/146525736492.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa60304.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/91/146525736665.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa63f05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/146525736862.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa6a406.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/146525737068.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa6da07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/15/146525737261.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa6f608.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/146525737460.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa75e09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/146525737662.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa78f0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/12/146525737839.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa7aa0c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/146525738018.jpg

f8bc126d980d18bfa7d00d.jpg

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 2, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Motorola set to re-enter television arena with flat-panel nanotechnology: Claims
advanced production method will dramatically lower cost to consumers

SOURCE: Chicago Tribune

BYLINE: Barbara Rose

SECTION: Business; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO

CHICAGO - Motorola Inc. is angling to get back into the television business, but
it plans to leave the manufacturing to somebody else.

The Schaumburg, Ill., company, which stopped making TVs three decades ago, is in
discussions with electronics makers in Europe and Asia about licensing
technology that Motorola claims will dramatically lower the cost of producing
large flat-panel screens.

The result: wall-mounted televisions, with screens one-inch thick and more than
50 inches diagonally, at a cost comparable to a standard 32-inch TV, according
to Motorola scientists.

The technology also can be used to produce much bigger displays, such as
billboards and stadium signs.

"The potential certainly is there for this type of technology to revolutionize
the way large screens are made," said Bob O'Donnell, director of personal
technology at research firm International Data Corp. in Massachusetts.

On the other hand, O'Donnell added, "This field is littered with broken
promises."

Indeed, Motorola is among those who have disappointed in the flat-panel arena.

In the mid-1990s, it geared up a factory in Tempe, Ariz., to manufacture small
flat-panel displays using a microchip technology, but the initiative was
abandoned after the technology ran into trouble. The factory closed in 2000,
though research continued.

Now Motorola aims to license technology developed by its applied research arm,
Motorola Labs, in the emerging field of carbon nanotechnology, which involves
manipulating tubes of carbon atoms.

The nano-sized tubes -- less than one-billionth of a metre -- fire off electrons
at material that emits red, green or blue light to produce colour displays. The
size and placement of the tubes controls quality.

Although prices are coming down, large flat-panel displays are still too
expensive for most households. A 50-inch plasma screen costs between $5,000 and
$8,000, according to research firm iSuppli/Stanford Resources.

Others are exploring nano-engineered screens, according to analysts, including
Korea's Samsung and LG.Philips LCD, a joint venture between LG Electronics and
LG Philips.

David Mentley, senior vice-president at iSuppli/Stanford Resources, said a
Japanese company manufactures large stadium displays using carbon nanotube
technology.

"Nothing I've seen seems to be quite as advanced as Motorola's (technology),"
said IDC's O'Donnell, "but to be fair, a lot of companies may not be willing to
discuss what they're doing."

Motorola's solution "looks to be impressive," he said, but the company has yet
to demonstrate that screens can be mass produced.

Another hurdle is finding a manufacturer willing to give up part of its existing
business by converting its production lines to handle the new technology.

Dawn McCraw, director of marketing for Motorola's advanced technology
businesses, said talks with manufacturers are "proceeding very well."

"We are ready to license this today," she said.

"We don't see any technology hurdles."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday
                                 First Edition

CAMERA PHONES FOR INSTAGRAM;
TECH KNOW

BYLINE: Jayne D'Arcy

SECTION: M; homestyle; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 354 words


You'll get a thousand new Instagram followers with this!" promises the PR guy
for the Lumix CM1. Really? Awesome. With 180 followers after 17 weeks on the
photo-sharing app, that seems impossible, but it got me thinking: would a better
quality camera increase the number of people wanting to see the random and
varied photos of @jaynedarcy?

I grab an LG G4 and start shooting. First: the annoyances.

1. The LG G4 is hand-achingly wide, but I'm used to the narrower iPhone 5, which
is similar in size to the Lumix.

2. The photos on the Lumix seem brighter when I take them, but get dull when I
add them to pre-filter Instagram.

Now, the cheers.

1. The Lumix recognises that I'm often posting photos to Instagram and quickly
offers that link at the top of each photo. Clever.

2. The Lumix has a sliding "camera" button on the side, so you can get straight
into it.

Total followers after experiment: 226. See #techknowreview on Insta for photos.

THE VERDICT The Lumix is the one I turn to for an Instagram-worthy snap. One of
the photos I take with it breaks my record of likes (48!).

CHECK THIS OUT

In need of some Insta inspiration? Check out Instagram Rabbit Hole on wired.com,
which picks some of the best of the 300 million Instagrammers out there. In
terms of popularity, not surprisingly, @instagram has the most Instagram
followers, with 144 milllion; @selenagomez has 69.3 million, followed by
@taylorswift with 69.1 million.

LG G4 RRP $799

Has a 16 megapixel front camera and 8 megapixel selfie camera. Interesting
leather back - which I accidentally nicked, boo. It would be nice if, like the
Lumix, it realised that you are using the camera mostly for Instagram and
offered the link on the photo. Needs quicker access to camera. BTW, the LG G5
will be out soon.

LUMIX CM1 CAMERA PHONE RRP $999

Has a 20 megapixel front camera and 1 megapixel selfie camera (hence the
smooth-faced selfies, no doubt). Gets "wow" comments when you're out and about
with it and makes you look like a professional Instagrammer. (And yes, that job
does exist). Great filters. I usually chose the image taken with this camera
over that taken on the LG G4.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

XA in a class by its selfie

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 203 words


HTC Desire EYE, £184 at one www.digitals.co.uk

The Eye has a 13MP camera on the back and another on the front. What's more,
both cameras have a dualcolour LED flash and sensors that work well in low
light. Clever settings let you take a selfie by just speaking. Say "Cheese" for
a photo and "Action" to shoot video, all handsfree. And before I forget, it's
waterproof, too.

LG G5, free on contract at www.ee.co.uk, or £449 (no contract) at carphone
www.warehouse.com

LG's latest flagship has a clever auto shot for selfies. Some front cameras
shoot when they spot you smiling, others when you wave. This one shoots when it
recognises and focuses on your face (or several faces for a group selfie). It's
automatic. Not the shot you wanted? Keep framing and it will keep snapping,
roughly every two seconds.

Apple iPhone 6s, from £539 at www.apple.com/uk

Apple's frontfacing camera is just 5MP but it has a clever extra feature that
many other phones don't. Instead of a dedicated flash like the HTC, the iPhone
works out what colour light would help the shot best, and flashes the screen at
a greater brightness than the display can usually manage. The result is the best
selfies the iPhone has ever taken. See it to believe it.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 820 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                November 1, 2016

                       United States Cellular Corporation

                     Suite 700, 8410 West Bryn Mawr Avenue
                                 Chicago 60631
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Financing Agreements

   In March, United States Cellular Corporation announced its investment to
provide wireless experience and network enhancements in Kansas, Illinois,
Virginia, New Hampshire, Tennessee, Maine, Oklahoma, North Carolina, Washington,
Iowa, Oregon, Missouri, Nebraska and West Virginia

2016 - New Products/Services

   In March, United States Cellular Corporation announced the launch of LG G5.

2016 - New Products/Services

   In October, U.S. Cellular launched V series smartphone, LG V20.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In February, U.S. Cellular's 4G LTE service was expanded to 38 additional
Iowa communities.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In February, U.S. Cellular's 4G LTE service was expanded to 38 additional
Nebraska communities.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In March, U.S. Cellular opened a new retail location at Valley West Mall,
Iowa, the US.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In August, the company launches its Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ and Note5
smartphones in stores and online on Aug. 21,2015.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In December, the company will launches the Samsung Galaxy Note Edge in stores
and online on January 7, 2016.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In June, the US Cellular launched its new brand, LG G4 smartphone with
presale.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In March, the company launched LG G Flex 2 in the Platinum Silver color in
stores and online.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In May, U.S. Cellular introduced and implemented Wireless Priority Service
(WPS) into its markets.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In November, U.S. Cellular along with Senator Capito announced the launch of
wireless service in Paw Paw, West Virginia.

2015 - Plans/Strategy

   In February, the company announced plans to build a a new cell site in the
Wind River area in order to increase wireless network coverage.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In February, the company has entered into partnership with comedian and
filmmaker Mark Malkoff to create the "U.S. Cellular No Phone Challenge,".This is
a social experiment to see what happens when an avid mobile phone user goes an
entire week without their device.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In May, the company has been recognized as a J.D. Power 2014 Customer
Champion.

1983 - Incorporation/Establishment

   The company was founded.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016


                              462 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

HTC 10: 7 reasons you should consider buying it

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 453 words


HTC is trying hard to make a comeback and its latest flagship - HTC 10 , seems
to be a step towards that only. The smartphone has the right combination of
power and aesthetics. For HTC loyalists, the flagship launched in India within a
month of its global launch, so it wasn't that long of a wait either.The
smartphone has all the right features to compete with the likes of Samsung
Galaxy S7 , S7 Edge, LG G5 and Apple iPhone 6s. The HTC 10 will be available
starting June 5.The market for flagship smartphones still continues to exist, as
cheap Chinese devices aren't to everyone's liking.

That said, here are seven reasons why you should consider buying the latest HTC
10.1) Full metal designHTC 10 is among the best devices the Taiwanese smartphone
maker has ever designed. The phone's design is a combination of One A9 and M9,
having a full metal unibody with a curved back. Build quality is extremely good
and the device looks premium and stylish.2) Great displayHTC has put the best
possible display to its flagship HTC 10. The phone sports a 5.2-inch QHD super
LCD (5th generation) display with a resolution of 1440x2560 pixel and Gorilla
Glass protection. It is at par with Samsung's Super AMOLED panels, found on
flagships such as the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.3) India gets the global
versionWhile Samsung launched the Exynos processor toting variant of its
flagship Galaxy S7 in India, HTC has ensured that India gets the Snapdragon 820
powered version of the HTC 10. Built to perform, the device boasts an AnTuTu
Benchmark score of over 1,30,000.4) Virtually unlimited storageHTC 10 comes with
4GB of RAM and is available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage variants. Not just
that, the device supports microSD cards of up to 2TB ensuring users don't face
any storage issues.5) Nexus-like user experienceHTC 10 has a very clean user
interface. That's because the latest version of the company's new sense UI is
very similar to stock Android, and delivers an almost Nexus-like experience. It
also includes some handy extras. For instance, a new preloaded app called Boost+
clears up junk files and frees up memory. It can also be used to lock individual
apps with fingerprint. This means that everything from WhatsApp to photo gallery
can be secured by fingerprints.6) High resolution audioWith the HTC 10, the
company has ensured that its flagships offers great audio via the external
speakers. The BoomSound enhanced speakers are loud and and support high
resolution audio. HTC has even included hi-res certified earbuds with the
flagship.7) Competitive pricingHTC 10 is priced quite competitively. At a price
of Rs 52,990, it is cheaper than the Samsung Galaxy S7 and LG G5.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

Hello, sunshine! Talk about energy savers

BYLINE: TED KRITSONIS

SECTION: GLOBE MEGAWHEELS; CAR GIZMOS / BLUETOOTH SPEAKERPHONES; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 483 words


Your car is likely to spend many hours soaking in the sun's rays during the
summer months and beyond, so it might make sense to harness that energy into a
Bluetooth speakerphone. This trio of solar-powered hands-free Bluetooth
speakerphones are meant to keep you talking with your hands on the wheel.

LG HFB-510 Bluetooth

Solar Car Kit

$79.99

Available at: Best Buy

Much like the others in this group, LG's solar speakerphone needed to be
initially charged the old-fashioned way (three hours) because it would take more
than 30 hours to do it with sunshine alone. Suctioning it to a windshield on a
full charge with the solar panel facing out means the battery should be topped
up regularly. On average, it takes about two hours of sunlight for each hour of
talk time (between 14-16 hours).

Pairing it with your phone via Bluetooth is easy. As a speakerphone, voices
comes through clearly, though background noise from within the car is audible to
the other side. It can speak out contact names of incoming callers, but only
with certain phones - BlackBerry worked, but not the iPhone.

IOGear Solar Bluetooth Hands-free Car Kit

$49.99

Available at: Amazon.ca,

Newegg.ca, Dell.ca and

TigerDirect.ca

One of the best features in IOGear's unit is the option to pair two phones at
once. This means a driver and passenger can be connected to the speakerphone, or
a solo driver with both business and personal phones can pick up whichever one
rings.

Unlike the other two units here, this one won't announce callers' names, and the
overall audio quality of the speakerphone isn't quite as consistent. Noise
reduction and echo cancellation are fairly decent, but louder environments and
chatter in the car with other passengers can make it difficult for the listener
on the other end. On quieter drives, the unit performed much better.

Charging through USB zips by in just over two hours, whereas it requires about
25-27 hours of pure sunlight for a full charge. You can suction it to a window
or clip it onto your visor.

Scosche solCHAT

Speakerphone

$109.95

Available at: Apple Store

As with the others, it's best to charge the solCHAT via USB first to get a full
battery, so it can be kept reasonably topped up with the sun, even though it
charges slowly. Having the included in-car charger in the glove box is a good
idea.

Despite being the loudest speaker of the three, the solCHAT does have momentary
echo effects, though it's not common enough to render conversations incoherent.
It will tell you who is calling by name, but only with phones that allow you to
transfer your contacts to the solCHAT via Bluetooth. Otherwise, it will just
state the caller's number.

In turn, you can dial a number by voice - so long as your phone has a supporting
feature to enable it.

Plus, the device knows to shut itself off when your phone is out of range, and
turn on when you enter the car again.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Here's what Google has to say on the Android bug affecting 900 million phones

SECTION: INTERNET

LENGTH: 337 words


NEW DELHI: Recently, it was found that a bug named QuadRooter puts almost 1
billion Android handsets at risk. The vulnerability, discovered by security
company Check Point, is said to give hackers access to user's personal
information by remotely rooting the smartphones. According to the company, the
security bug affects devices with Qualcomm chips, which are installed into
devices during the manufacturing process.

The flaw includes four vulnerabilities, any of which can be used by hackers to
take control of a smartphone. Now, Google has reportedly given its stance on the
matter claiming that the threat is not as serious as it has been projected.

The search giant, as reported by Tech Insider, has said that out of the
aforementioned four vulnerabilities it has fixed three issues as a part of the
August Android OS security update. The fourth vulnerability will be fixed in
September's security update.

Although Google is already sending out fixes for the bug, it still remains
unlikely that all the 900 million smartphones would receive the update. Google
adds that its 'Verify Apps' feature would also be ruling out the malicious apps.
The feature will scan the apps before installing them on the handset. Verify
Apps is switched on by default.

However, those users who have older versions of Android OS running on their
handsets (older than Jelly Bean) would have to manually activate the 'Verify
Apps' feature.

The QuadRooter vulnerability affects smartphone drivers which control
communication between the various chipset components. Check Point recommends
users to download and install the latest Android updates as soon as they become
available, avoid side-loading apk files, read app permission requests carefully
while installing apps and more.

Some of the latest smartphones that are said to be vulnerable to QuadRooter are
Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge , OnePlus 3, Google Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus
6P, LG G4, LG G5 , LG V10, OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, OnePlus 3 and more.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Bug trouble;
Hackers could take control of 1 billion smartphones

BYLINE: RUKI SAYID

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 239 words


ALMOST a billion Android phones and tablets could be taken over by hackers after
security flaws were found in their design.

Big brand models including Sony, Google, LG, HTC and Blackberry are vulnerable
to four major bugs in chips made by US giant Qualcomm.

If a rogue app was installed on the device it could access all of its data -
including photos, passwords and personal details - and control the camera and
microphone.

The flaw is in the way the different parts of the phone's electronics "talk" to
each other. It allows a malicious App to behave as if the phone had been
"rooted" - away of bypassing all the security built into Android.

Israeli specialist Check Point, who discovered the four vulnerabilities, named
the flaw Quadrooter and released a free app to test if a phone or tablet is
safe.

They revealed the find at a US security meeting after giving chip-maker Qualcomm
time to devise a fix. Head of cyber security Michael Shaulov said: "It's always
a race as to who finds the bug first, the good guys or the bad."

Brands at risk include Sony (Xperia Z Ultra), HTC (One, One M9 and 10), LG (G4,
G5, and V10, Google Nexus (5X, 6 and 6P), BlackBerry (Priv and Dtek50), Motorola
(Moto X) and OnePlus (One, 2, 3).

Samsung is only affected in the US.

Android maker Google said three of the bugs were fixed in its latest security
update, adding: "Our systems help block applications that exploit holes like
these."

ruki.sayed@mirror.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AT RISK Nexus 5X

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                 July 28, 2016

LG Electronics' Q2 operating profit jumps 140% to $519.7 million

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 563  words


NEW DELHI: South Korean electronics company LG Electronics Inc. (LG) today
announced second-quarter 2016 operating income of KRW 584.6 billion (USD 503.10
million), nearly 140 percent higher than the previous year, from strong
performance by the Home Appliance & Air Solution and Home Entertainment
companies, both reporting the highest quarterly operating profit in LG's
history. Global consolidated revenues of KRW 14 trillion (USD 12.05 billion)
increased both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.

LG Home Appliance & Air Solution Company accounted for the largest share of the
second quarter's operating profit with KRW 433.7 billion (USD 373.24 million).
Revenues of KRW 4.70 trillion (USD 4.04 billion), an increase of 4.8 percent
from the second quarter last year, were driven by growth in B2B sales of air
conditioning systems and strong overall performance in Korea, Europe and Asia.
With an improved product portfolio and cost structure, the business unit was
able to achieve an operating margin of more than 9 percent. Going forward,
premium products such as the LG SIGNATURE collection, TWINWash and LG Styler are
expected to contribute positively to the performance of the company.

LG Mobile Communications Company saw revenues of KRW 3.33 trillion (USD 2.86
billion) increase 12 percent from the first quarter, while declining from the
same period the year before. An operating loss of KRW 153.5 billion (USD 132.10
million) reflected increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial
sales of G5 smartphone. Overall smartphone shipments increased 3 percent from
the previous quarter with a total of 13.9 million smartphones shipped in the
second quarter. The launch of the new V series and expanding sales of mass-tier
K and X series models are expected to improve the business unit's performance
next quarter.

LG Home Entertainment Company reported a record KRW 356.7 billion (USD 306.97
million) in operating profit on revenues of KRW 4.16 trillion (USD 3.58
billion), a 5.7 percent increase from the 2015 second quarter, in large part
thanks to the growing market for premium TVs. An increase in sales of higher-end
ULTRA HD and OLED TVs and improved cost structure management contributed to an
operating margin of 8.6 percent, the highest in the history of LG's home
entertainment division. The business unit will continue to benefit from the
growing UHD and OLED TV markets and cost competitiveness, although cost
increases for flat-panel components may affect profitability.

LG Vehicle Components Company reported sales of KRW 639.6 billion (USD 550.4
million), an increase of 42 percent from the same period the previous year,
thanks to high growth in the automotive infotainment sector. Increased R&D
investments in infotainment and electric vehicle technologies, however,
contributed to an operating loss of KRW 16.8 billion (USD 14.46 million) in the
quarter. The outlook for LG's automotive component business is positive with
production of components for the Chevrolet Bolt electric vehicle commencing in
the third quarter.

LG Electronics' unaudited quarterly earnings results are based on IFRS
(International Financial Reporting Standards) for the three-month period ending
June 30, 2016. Amounts in Korean won (KRW) are translated into U.S. dollars
(USD) at the average rate of the three-month period of the corresponding quarter
KRW 1,162 per USD.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Goggle shocks;
VIRTUAL REALITY IS HIGHLIGHT AT EXPO

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 671 words


ALL mobile phone manufacturers - all except Apple, that is - assembled in
Barcelona last week to show off their latest releases.

Mobile World Congress is always a great place to spot trends and see
up-andcoming p com gad rangin ing ra gadgets ranging anging from the sublime,
such as the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, to the ridiculous (LG Rolling Bot, I'm
looking at you).

Along the way, new handsets from Sony and HTC were unveiled, plus several
gadgets designed for the next big thing: Virtual Reality.

Here, we take a closer look at some of the top items that got the tech world
talking.

talking. g.

SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE Out in April from free on contract THIS takes last year's
striking S6 edge design and improves it. More comfortable in the hand and
better-looking with a highresolution 5.5in display. It adds a camera with only
12 megapixels compared to last year's 16MP but the bigger sensor and pixels mean
better pics. It can handle autofocus almost instantaneously.

The battery charges from flat to more than half in ten minutes. The screen's a
clock when the phone's asleep. Oh, and it's waterproof, too.

LG G5 Out in April, from free on contract THIS is a big change for LG. It's what
it calls a modular phone.

You can slide off the base to replace it with a camera shutter unit with a big
battery inside. That's much easier to hold for photography.

Or swap the base for a Bang & Olufsen-produced Digital Analogue Converter -
basically it turns up the music quality massively.

The phone itself is very sleek and much better looking than last year's G4 with
a 5.3in display.

It has two cameras on the back, one for regular shots, one for wide angles.

LG ROLLING BOT Out in April, price to be announced THIS one is nuts - it's a
remote control ball a bit smaller than a football that rolls round your home
like a spherical security guard.

It can beam footage of what it sees to your LG phone.

A speaker means that you can talk to your kids or pets. And a laser beam
(seriously) can entertain the cat.

It can even control devices with infra-red.

SONY XPERIA XA Out in the summer, £250 on pay as you go UNLIKE the LG and
Samsung phones, this is not a top-of-therange handset.

It's a mid-range blower. But you wouldn't know that by looking at it.

It has a 5in screen that goes right to the edge on both sides with almost no
visible bezel.

It also has a 13-megapixel camera and the latest Android software. This could
really be one to watch.

HTC VIVE Out in April, £575 THIS is the most accomplished virtual reality set-up
out there and HTC showed off improvements and announced the price.

It comes complete with headset, room sensors and hand controllers, though you
need to supply your own (high-end) computer to use it.

Image quality is amazing and gaming is deeply immersive.

If VR does catch on this year, this should be the go-to gadget for it.

afi SAMSUNG GEAR 360 Out in April, price to be announced BARELY bigger than a
golf ball, this round camera has lenses front and back. It shoots video on both
and the Galaxy S7 app stitches the footage together into one wraparound whole.
View it on the phone or in a virtual reality headset - the results are amazing.

aprt ahat Holiday movies have never looked as good as they do through this!

MICROSOFT LUMIA 650 Out soon, £150 on pay as you go THIS is a great-value
smartphone and if you use a Windows PC, it'll be instantly recognisable because
it uses Windows 10.

This phone has a decent 5in screen and so-so eightmegapixel camera.

It doesn't have Continuum - the feature where you can connect a Windows handset
to a screen to work like a regular computer - but it's still highly usable and
comes at a great price.

HTC DESIRE 530 Out soon, price to be announced THIS is a very slick-looking
handset, despite being highly affordable.

It has a new design element called "micro splash", which scatters colours on the
back of the phone so that every handset is different. It looks very cool.

The 5in screen is bright and reasonably sharp - good for the price.

The camera is an average eight megapixel job.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                 March 13, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

browsing around... latest phones;
WHAT'S ON THE WEB

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 80

LENGTH: 42 words


¦ Nokia X www.nokia.com/global/products/ phone/nokia-x/ ¦ Samsung Galaxy G5
www.samsung.com/uk/galaxys5/ ¦ Yotaphone www.yotaphone.com ¦ Blackphone
www.blackphone.ch ¦ Sony Xperia Z2 www.sonymobile.com/XPERIAZ2 ¦ LGPro2
www.stuff.tv/lg/lg-g-pro-2/review

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHC


                           Copyright 2014 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

LG 360 VR headset: Stylish but compares badly against Samsung Gear VR

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 445  words


John Everington

BARCELONA // In these early days of virtual reality, LG's 360 VR headset,
unveiled on Sunday, is a lightweight and relatively stylish option compared with
the Samsung Gear VR, as well as the numerous other VR headsets inching their way
closer to launch.

It's a shame therefore that the unit I tested at the Mobile World Congress
offered a deeply underwhelming VR experience, one that, in its current
pre-launch incarnation, offers a very poor showcase for the nascent technology.

On the plus side, wearing LG's headset doesn't involve putting a strap over and
around your head like the Samsung Gear VR, resembling instead the VISOR worn by
Geordi La Forge of Star Trek: the Next Generation.

While Samsung makes you strap your Galaxy smartphone to the front of the
headset, the 360 VR connects instead to the LG G5 via USB cable, making the
headset significantly less heavy to wear.

So the 360 VR is lighter and more stylish than its Samsung rival, although style
is relative when you're wearing a screen on your head oblivious to what's going
on around you.

But how does LG's VR experience compare with that of Samsung? In a word, badly.

o Virtual reality gear is turning heads at Mobile World Congress

The trade off with the 360 VR's lack of straps is significant light leakage
around the edges of your field of vision. The result is that the viewing
experience is utterly non-immersive, immediately negating a key aspect of the VR
experience.

Matters aren't helped by the fact focus adjustment is achieved by manually
twisting the eye pieces, a fiddly and frustrating process that involves a lot of
trial and error and repeatedly taking the headset off and putting it back on
again, compared with the simple focus adjustment wheel on the top of Samsung's
headset.

Once you've achieved the right focus and found a dark corner to prevent light
leaking in, the 360 VR offers a VR experience that is, simply put, mediocre,
with low resolution, significant lag, and juddery movement. While viewing the
still 360 image of the LG stand (taken with LG's 360 Cam) was fine, the
rollercoaster video demo rendered very poorly.

It's worth repeating that the LG 360 VR headsets on display at MWC are
pre-launch models, and that company has a few months (June is the current
expected launch date) to iron out bugs.

LG shouldn't underestimate the amount of ironing that lies ahead of it though.
Taking Samsung's Gear VR headset for a spin 12 months ago was a transformative
experience that sold me on VR's potential. Those experiencing VR for the first
time via LG's new headset, in its present incarnation at least, are far less
likely to be convinced. [#x200b]

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2016 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday

BMW smoothes out flagship's design;
Where the outgoing 7 was startling, even jarring, the incoming one is comforting
and elegant

BYLINE: JEREMY CATO, jcato@globeandmail.com

SECTION: GLOBE MEGAWHEELS; PREVIEW: BMW 7-SERIES; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 1065 words

DATELINE: DRESDEN, GERMANY


Among gearheads and even casual auto observers, BMW design chief Chris Bangle is
a lightning rod. He sparks passionate responses - and not all of them are
friendly.

He's been called "reckless," "a failure," the champion of a BMW design language
that features "hideous wedges and triangles" and "flame surfacing" that has "led
to revolt among BMW drivers and among Internet forums," as one reader recently
put it to me.

Oh, yes, the American-born design boss has his detractors. In fact, at one time,
more than 14,000 people had signed an online petition to have him fired. BMW has
never admitted it, but it is clear that in answer to the critics the company
toned down some of the extreme design details in a 2005 reworking of the
7-Series car introduced in 2001.

Bangle weathered that storm and remains reluctant to discuss these matters in
much detail. Besides, he has more admirers than critics. For instance, just last
year Bangle and his BMW stylists won the prestigious Red Dot award as Design
Team of the Year.

This is a big deal. The competition attracts thousands of entries every year,
all vying to get the nod for continual design innovation. Former winners of the
team award include LG Electronics, adidas, Pininfarina, Nokia, Apple and
Siemens.

But the real measure of Bangle is found in sales and profits. It's one thing to
sign an online petition, but quite another to sign a cheque on a car designed by
Bangle's team.

The fact is, BMW has been making plenty of money even as Bangle and his team
have transformed the look of every vehicle in the BMW lineup, while making some
enemies along the way.

This decade, BMW has rung up a string of profitable years and, while 2008 looks
challenging thanks to global economic issues, it still expects to achieve a
return on sales of 4 per cent for 2008 - after earning nearly $5-billion (U.S.)
in 2007.

In business, awards like the Red Dot are nice and they are fun to celebrate. But
the final scorecard has two columns: sales and profits.

BMW's profits, while under obvious pressure and sagging a bit here as 2008 winds
down, remain very real. As for sales, just a few days ago, BMW said it is "well
on course" to achieve its goal of selling 1.8 million cars in 2012 - up from 1.5
million last year.

In driving those sales, BMW has particular interest in one key new model - the
2010 7-Series set to go on sale next spring. Its exterior look has certainly
been toned down compared with the previous model.

The man who did the exterior design is, in fact, a young protégé of Bangle's,
Canadian Karim Habib. This 7 is a more classic look, he says, pointing out that
it is the right look for these particular times.

Classic? Or conservative?

Make no mistake, while the outgoing 7 has been a relative sales success with
some 350,000 sold worldwide since being unveiled in 2001, it is worth pointing
out that the fourth-generation 7, the outgoing car, was outsold last year by the
rival Mercedes-Benz S-Class (85,500 units) and Lexus LS (71,760). In 2007, BMW
sold fewer than 50,000 of the 7-Series.

This latest 7 will not spark the same visceral explosions as the old one. BMW is
returning to simple, sleek lines, eschewing the "tearful" headlights and the
over-the-top curves of the lower lid. Most of all, the new design has once and
forever tidied up the bulging trunk lid that critics dubbed the "Bangle butt."

Where the outgoing 7 was startling, even jarring, the incoming one is comforting
and elegant. This may in some way reflect the exterior designer himself.

Habib, a former world-class fencer whose family emigrated from Lebanon before he
caught the eye of Bangle while still attending design school, was recruited into
BMW based on sketches for an original take on a violin. Habib has carefully
combined some key elements of the German auto maker's 3-Series coupe and the
5-Series sedan in the new 7. Then he's added some original flavour.

Well-heeled, status-conscious but somewhat-conservative buyers might very well
fall in love with it. Those are the buyers BMW wants now. Unlike in 2001, this
time around BMW does not need the 7 to make a radical break with its past - to
create interest beyond BMW's traditional customer base.

What we know is that BMW's most senior management took this redesign very
seriously. Six competing design teams submitted potential designs and, in the
end, Habib's survived an exhaustive evaluation process that consumed the
attention of the entire management board.

The challenge with all BMWs, says Habib, is to create a look that expresses
"authenticity and engineering precision," a car that says it is powerful,
dynamic and modern using traditional BMW elements of "stance and proportion" -
that is, the long nose and short deck, most importantly.

Aside from the exterior, though, the flagship of BMW's line also has some
radical innovations under the skin. The auto maker plans to introduce a thermal
imaging camera that spots stray pedestrians at night, as well as offering
Internet access and four-wheel steering to tighten the turning radius.

Thankfully, BMW has continued to refine its controversial iDrive system, adding
extra buttons to make it easier to point and click through various menus on the
in-dash display. BMW has now wisely added a button mounted near the armrest for
instantly controlling the vehicle's suspension system, climate control,
satellite navigation and entertainment systems.

The problem is, iDrive - as well as similar systems offered by Mercedes, Audi,
Infiniti and others - is fundamentally flawed.

To operate so many of the car's functions, the driver needs to take his or her
attention off the road, fiddling with an array of choices presented on the
screen. Thus, it is critical to set all the car's functions before you start
driving.

In fairness, BMW keeps working on its iDrive system and it is getting better.
What choice did the Bavarian auto maker have?

Keep in mind, the competition for buyers of luxury sedans has never been more
intense. Aside from entries by Mercedes and Lexus, Audi is readying a new
version of its A8 and there is talk Infiniti is looking at reintroducing a model
to replace the former Q7 sedan.

BMW's intent is to ignite new passion for the 7 despite its rivals. What this
car won't do is set off a firestorm of protest and derision - the likes of which
we saw with the introduction of the last 7.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

WHAT'S ON THE WEB

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 174 words


Wolfram knows it all BRITISH scientist and entrepreneur Stephen Wolfram,
pictured, just announced his new Wolfram Language, a computer code for
manipulating information from a huge number of sources. It's not for laymen, but
the 12-minute video explaining what it is and what it does is a real eye-opener.
Watch it at www.tinyurl.com/mqru4fg @n is back REMEMBER the fuss when Twitter
user Naoki Hiroshima had his @n Twitter account extorted from beneath his feet?
Hackers gained access to his email and his work, and threatened to destroy
everything unless he handed over his Twitter details. Clearly someone at Twitter
thought something had to be done because @n is now back in Naoki's hands, and he
celebrated with a simple tweet: "Order has been restored."

browsing around...

latest phones ? Nokia X www.nokia.com/global/products/ phone/nokia-x/ ? Samsung
Galaxy G5 www.samsung.com/uk/galaxys5/ ? Yotaphone www.yotaphone.com ?
Blackphone www.blackphone.ch ? Sony Xperia Z2 www.sonymobile.com/XperiaZ2 ?
LGPro2 www.stuff.tv/lg/lg-g-pro-2/review

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

S. Korean, Chinese smartphones to clash at MWC '

LENGTH: 189 words


Desperate to expand their global presence, South Korean and Chinese smartphone
makers are likely to fight a pitched battle to steal the show at the world's
largest tech exhibition in Spain next week, industry watchers said Tuesday.

The four-day Mobile World Congress (MWC) is slated to kick off in Barcelona next
Monday, showcasing the latest mobile gadgets and next-generation technologies,
and bringing together some 100,000 CEOs and officials from nearly 2,000 tech
companies across the globe.

LG Electronics Inc. will be the first to introduce a new flagship smartphone,
the G5, which is expected to come with an improved design and a second-display
feature as introduced in the V10 model last year.

The device is also anticipated to be slightly smaller by having a 5.3-inch
display, compared with its 5.5-inch predecessor, although others say that the
second display will make it comparatively bigger.

Samsung Electronics Co. also plans to showcase the presumed Galaxy S7 hours
later, which is widely expected to come with improved features, including a
pressure-sensitive display, similar to "3D Touch" promoted by Apple Inc.
(Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              June 26, 2016 Sunday

These smartphone brands will use Samsung's dual camera modules

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


NEW DELHI: We already have seen few smartphones sporting dual cameras such as
the Huawei P9, LG G5 , HTC One M8 and more. Now it looks like that the upcoming
smartphones of future Xiaomi , Oppo and LeEco too will feature dual-camera
set-up. According to a report in Korean Herald website, quoting sources, Samsung
Electro Mechanics will be supplying these modules to theses handset makers."

Samsung Electro Mechanics will offer a true dual camera to the market in the
second half of 2016," told the website. The Samsung official, however, refused
to name the handset vendors the company will be making the camera modules for.
Although Xiaomi declined to comment anything on the matter, the report said that
the upcoming successor of the company's flagship Mi 5, Mi5s, will sport
dual-camera module. The smartphone is expected to launch in second half of this
year. It is worth mentioning that Samsung already provides single-camera module
to Xiaomi.The reports regarding Oppo using the dual-camera module too seem valid
as the smartphone maker is known for its camera-focused devices. Oppo in March
launched its R9 and R9 Plus smartphones both of which feature a 16MP
front-facing cameras and 13MP rear cameras. The company was also the first one
to launch a smartphone with rotating camera.In India, some of the camera
smartphones that one can buy under Rs 15,000 include Zuk Z1, LeEco 1S Eco,
Micromax Canvas 6, LG K10, HTC Desire 626, Huawei Honor 5X and more.Samsung
seems to be gaining the smartphone camera market share steadily, giving tough
competition to Sony. As per the firm, until February this year, its main Exmor,
Exmor R, and RS cameras captured a total share of 35% in the smartphone market.
It also had 70% share in sports-cam market. Sony deputy head of research,
Hiroshi Takano also revealed one nifty smartphone camera feature that he wants
to borrow from those in Samsung handsets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

LG overtakes Bravia maker Sony in flat panel television sales

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: ELECTRONICS

LENGTH: 631 words


KOLKATA: Sony is now at third position in the Indian flat panel television
market, ceding the long-cherished number two slot to South Korean rival LG. The
Japanese electronics giant attributed this development to a change in business
strategy, which places a greater focus on the premium segment and an eye for
value over volumes.

Industry experts and analysts, however, have begun casting doubts on the Bravia
maker's future growth potential in India given that the digital camera business
has lost steam due to the invasion of smartphones - a business where Sony had a
big presence, but has scaled it down, leaving only televisions as the category
to rely on.

As per market tracker GfK, LG has overtaken Sony in overall flat panel
television sales for the December 2015 to January 2016 period in both value and
volume. By volume share, LG had around 25% as compared to Sony's 18%, and by
value, LG has overtaken Sony by a short margin of around 1%. Samsung is the
market leader with around 27% volume share and 30% value share.

Data for February is yet to be released. Sony officials said the company, unlike
Samsung and LG, does not give GfK sales data from its exclusive stores, which
account for 20% of the company's flat panel sales. Sony India managing director
Kenichiro Hibi said if the sales contribution from Sony brand shops is included,
Sony would definitely be the number one player by value in flat panel sales.

However, Sony was number two in GfK's data preceding December without including
sales from Sony's exclusive stores. "Being a premium player, our focus has never
been to gain volume share but retain our value in the market. In alignment with
our strategy, Sony is the absolute number one player in 32-inches and above
segment with the same conditions," Hibi said.

Quoting data, he said Sony is leading in the Rs 25,000-plus flat panel TV
segment. Company officials said Sony lost share in the 22-inch segment where it
reduced focus due to commoditisation of the segment and is instead focusing on
the 40-inches plus segment since consumers are moving to larger screens even in
smaller towns. Sony said it will focus on smart televisions this year and launch
internet functionality even on 32- and 40-inch TVs, while doubling the number of
television models manufactured locally.

Earlier this year, Sony offered voluntary retirement to its entire smartphone
team and has decided to shrink the business to only the mid-to-high end segment
in select stores and its own outlets. As per tracker Counterpoint Research,
Sony's share in Indian smartphone dropped to 1% in the October-December quarter
as compared to 3% a year ago.

Counterpoint Research senior analyst Tarun Pathak said Sony has been cutting
down on its portfolio and marketing spend as it was sandwiched between Apple and
Samsung in the flagship segment and a strong competition from Chinese players in
the mid-segment. "With upcoming launches such as LG G5 and Xiaomi Mi5, it is
likely to face more pressure within Android flagship segment.

However, Sony's upcoming model reinforces its strength in camera capabilities,
but the brand needs much more than that to stand itself from rest of the
competition," Pathak said. The chief of a rival brand said Sony has scope to
gain ground in India due to its brand value.

"However, such a strategy on relying on just one product may hit their revenue
growth rate in India, since television sales gets that major spike only when
there are big sporting events which doesn't happen every year," he said. Hibi
said while television will still be foremost in contributing to Sony India's
sales which he expects will grow upwards of 10%, the company is building
categories like PlayStation gaming consoles, headphones and personal audio.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

XA in a class by its selfie

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 248 words


HT e HTC Desire EYE, £184 at one digitals.

t d s a era ck er The 13M on and on tW www.h-co.uk The Eye has 13MP camera the
back and another the front. What's more, both cameras have a dualcolour LED
flash and sensors work in low let you take a selfie by just speaking.

Dmor cam hav colo flas sen that well Clever setting l light. lever settings le
Say "Cheese" for a photo and "Action" to shoot video, all handsfree. And before
I forget, it's waterproof, too.

act LG G5, free on contract ee.co.uk£449 (no contract) at carphone warehouse.

ga o L free o at ee or £ cont car warec LG's la ship clever shot fo Som camera
when spot yo ing, whe w n wa w ve. one s when it recognises and focusyour face
(or several faces group selfie). It's acom latest flagship has a auto for
selfies. Some front cameras shoot they you smiling, others when you wave. This
shoots focuses on for a selfie). automatic. Not the shot you wanted? Keep
framing and it will keep snapping, roughly every two seconds.

iPhone 6s, from £539 at apple.

Apple iP 6s from£5 appl com/Apple's facingca is just but it h clever e feature
many o phones don't.uk frontfacing camera5MP has a extra feature that other
Instead a de a dica dedica flash l the HT the iPho works out wh colour light
would help the shbest, and flashes the screen at greater brightness than the
displacan usuallymanag of dedicated flash like HTC, iPhone what shot a display
usually manage.

The result is the best selfies the iPhone has ever taken. See it to believe it.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ECONOMY TODAY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 229 words


UK GOVERNMENT BORROWING DROPS Britain saw borrowing fall last month as it
recorded its biggest public finance surplus for January since 2008.

The Office for National Statistics said the Government managed to raise £11.2
billion more than it spent in January, as it rode high on strong tax receipts.

The improved performance means Government borrowing was £66.5 billion for the
financial year between April 2015 and January, down £10.6 billion over the same
period before.

The Government counts on January as a strong month for tax receipts, as it is
when many companies and individuals pay their taxes.

But despite the boost, Chancellor George Osborne remains under pressure to meet
his borrowing targets.

TECH GIANTS UNVEIL NEW SMARTPHONES Smartphone giants Samsung, LG and Chinese
firm Huawei are among those set to unveil the newest versions of their devices
when Mobile World Congress (MWC) begins tomorrow, Sunday February 21.

The annual technology trade show, held in Barcelona, has become the regular
launching point for Samsung's range of Galaxy smartphones - the current
generation S6 was unveiled there last year, and the next generation is expected
to debut this year.

Though the event is not attended by Apple, there will still be high levels of
industry attention, with LG set to announce their next flagship smartphone, the
LG G5, at a press conference the first day.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2016 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                 Copyright 2016 The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
               Standard & Poor's Corporate Descriptions plus News

                                November 5, 2016

                                   Aixtron SE

                               Dornkaulstrasse 2
                               Herzogenrath 52134
                                    Germany


OFFICE- Dornkaulstrasse 2, Herzogenrath, , Germany 52134, Telephone: 49, Fax:
49, http://www.aixtron.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 49 2407 9030 444

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: AIXG
CUSIP: 009606

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: 1983
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Germany
EMPLOYEES: 748

INCORPORATED as a German limited liability corporation in 1983; and converted to
a stock corporation under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany in 1997.
Name changed from Aixtron Aktiengesellschaft to Aixtron SE Dec. 28, 2010.

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *
SUBSIDIARIES:

     ·    AIXTRON Chu-sik-hoe-sa
     ·    AIXTRON Inc.
     ·    AIXTRON Kabushiki Kaisha
     ·    AIXTRON Taiwan Co., Ltd.
     ·    Dotron GmbH
     ·    Epigress AB
     ·    Genus, Inc.
     ·    Thomas Swan Scientific Equipment Ltd.


* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    Martin Goetzeler, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial
          Officer Bernd Schulte
     ·    Guido Pickert, Investor Relations Contact


DIRECTORS:

     ·    Andreas H. Biagosch
     ·    Wolfgang Blattchen
     ·    Petra Denk
     ·    Martin Komischke
     ·    Kim Schindelhauer
     ·    Rudiger von Rosen


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

Revision Date: March 17, 2016

   AIXTRON SE, together with its subsidiaries, provides deposition equipment to
the semiconductor industry worldwide. The company develops, produces, and
installs deposition equipment for the deposition of semiconductor and other
complex materials; provides process engineering, consulting, training, ongoing
customer support, and after-sales services; and offers peripheral equipment and
services. Its technology solutions are used to build components for electronic
and opto-electronic applications that are used in displays, signaling, lighting,
fiber optic communication systems, wireless and mobile telephony applications,
optical and electronic storage devices, computing, and other applications. The
company markets and sells its products through its direct sales organization,
dealers, and sales representatives. AIXTRON SE was founded in 1983 and is
headquartered in Herzogenrath, Germany. BACKLOG, : Thous. $
2015............46,585 2014............78,899 2013............82,123 RESEARCH &
DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES, Yrs. End. : Thous. $
2015............60,175 2014............80,761 2013............78,751 EMPLOYEES-
December 31, 2015, 748.
 CAPITAL EXPENDITURES, Thous. $
2015............13,600 2014............15,274 2013............13,232

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
35 - Industrial and commercial machinery and computer equipment
3559 - Special industry machinery, not elsewhere classified

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 2015

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


---------------------- Assets, EURO (000's) -----------------------
Fiscal Year End                   12/15             12/14
Receivables                          59               117
Investments-Asset                93,089           151,494



-------------------- Liabilities, EURO (000's) --------------------
Fiscal Year End                   12/15             12/14
Payables                          9,814            16,397
Income Taxes -                    2,874             1,969
Liabilities
Advances -                      432,765           485,762
Liabilities
Other Liabilities                48,749            32,551
Common Stock                    111,582           111,591
Capital Surplus                 372,636           371,781
Retained Earnings                99,962            70,802
Total Current                    81,849           116,543
Liabilities
Total Liabilities               481,953           533,547




------------------ Income Account, EURO (000's) -------------------
Fiscal Year End                   12/15             12/14             12/13
Cost & Expenses                  16,279            19,341            18,223
Fixed Charges                        22                 0               313

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
Annual Report- Consol. Inc. Acct., Yrs. End. Dec. 31; Thou. EURO~
                                  2015           2014           2013
Net sales......................197,756        193,797        182,863
Cost of sales..................147,934        154,118        204,708
Selling expenses................11,547         14,135         14,499
General administration
 expenses.......................16,279         19,341         18,223
Research and
 development
 costs..........................55,415         66,739         57,153
Other operating income...........8,852          3,901         27,610
Other operating expenses.........2,159          1,674         11,631
Finance Income.....................788          1,168            839
Finance Expense.....................22              -            313
Result before taxes...........(25,960)       (57,141)       (95,215)
Income tax.....................(3,200)        (5,370)        (5,801)
Net income....................(29,160)       (62,511)      (101,016)
Share earns. basic..............(0.26)         (0.56)         (0.98)
Share earns. diluted............(0.26)         (0.56)         (0.98)
  Consol. Bal. Sheet Dec. 31: Thou. EURO~
   Assets-                                       2015           2014
Assets:..............................................
Cash & equiv..................................116,305        116,580
Accts. rec., net...............................25,956         26,324
Inventories....................................70,817         81,694
Income tax......................................2,538            543
Other financial assets.........................93,089        151,494
Other curr. assets..............................5,691          7,723
Tot. curr. assets.............................314,396        384,358
Net property...................................81,332         77,299
Other assets......................................630            382
Intangibles....................................82,294         67,271
Defr. income taxes..............................3,242          4,120
Other taxes rec....................................59            117
Total assets..................................481,953        533,547
Liabilities:.........................................
Accts. pay......................................9,814         16,397
Advanced payments from customers...............24,011         66,928
Accruals & other curr. liabs...................45,150         31,249
Income tax......................................2,874          1,969
Tot. curr. liabs...............................81,849        116,543
Other liabs.....................................3,599          1,302
Ordinary stock, EUR 1.00 par value............111,582        111,591
Accumulated other comprehensive income.........12,249          3,132
Paid-in cap...................................372,636        371,781
Retained earns...............................(99,962)       (70,802)
Total shareholders equity.....................396,505        415,702
Total liabs. and equity.......................481,953        533,547

RECENT FINANCIAL STATEMENTS-




----------------- RATIOS -----------------
Fiscal Year End                   12/15             12/14
Quick Ratio                       0.001             0.001
Total Current                        14                21
Liabs/Net Worth
Total Liabs/Net Worth             -17.5              -3.7

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NGSM (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
STOCK PRICE:

                          STOCK DATA~

ADR INFORMATION:
                 AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS~
AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS (ADRs) are issued by The Bank of New
York Mellon, Depositary (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank). ADRs
evidence American Depositary Shares, each of which represents one
Ordinary share.
DIVIDENDS: 2006 None; 2007; None; 2008, $0.1080; 2009, $0.1237;
2010, $0.1832; 2011, $0.8382; 2012, $0.3186; 2013, None; 2014,
None; 2015, None.

Primary ADR Ticker:  AIXG
Primary ADR Exchange:  NGSM (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
ADR PRICE- LISTED- NGSM (Symbol AIXG)~ 2015...........11.43 4.12
2014...........17.84 10.80 2013...........18.06 11.55 2012...........19.44
11.21 2011...........44.96 11.18 2010...........38.96 22.42
2009...........38.34 3.86 2008...........16.08 3.53 @2007..........14.80 4.54
@Moved from Nasdaq Capital Market to Nasdaq Global Select Market.

ADR Price range:  11.43 -  4.12

STOCK OUTSTANDING-                       Auth. Shs.  Outstg. Shs.
Ordinary Euro 1 par........................219,214,144   111,581,783


* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITORS- DELOITTE & TOUCHE


NEWS TABLE OF CONTENTS-
DATE        TITLE
---------   --------------------------------------------------------
11 Aug 16   August 11, 2016, Aixtron SE Announces Earnings Results
            for the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30,
            2016; Provides Earnings Guidance for the Full Year of
            2016
08 Jul 16   July 7, 2016, Xiamen Changelight Puts AIX R6 MOCVD
            System into Production
31 May 16   May 30, 2016, Nanchang Kingsoon Orders AIXTRON's MOCVD
            Cluster Tools
27 Apr 16   April 26, 2016, Aixtron SE Reports Unaudited
            Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter
            Ended March 31, 2016; Reiterates Earnings Guidance for
            Fiscal 2016
30 Mar 16   March 29, 2016, LG Innotek Selects Aixtron SE's AIX G5
            WW Reactor for SiC Epitaxial Wafers
30 Mar 16   March 29, 2016, Exagan Selects AIXTRON's AIX G5+ C
            System to Manufacture GaN Power Switches
24 Feb 16   February 23, 2016, Aixtron SE Reports Consolidated
            Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year
            Ended December 31, 2015; Provides Revenue Guidance for
            the Fiscal Year 2016


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016


                              478 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

100,000 to attend Mobile World Congress to see latest Samsung, LG and Sony
devices

BYLINE: Pamela Newenham

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 426 words


Almost 100,000 people are expected to attend Mobile World Congress in Barcelona
this week, with companies such as Samsung, LG and Sony due to unveil their
newest cutting-edge smartphones and tablets.

Under the over-arching theme of Mobile is Everything, the event will examine
topics such as 5G, digital commerce, disaster response, enterprise mobility,
gaming, the internet of things, machine learning, security, smart cities and
virtual reality/augmented reality.

The chief executives of AT&T, BT, Cisco, Huawei, Stripe, Vodafone and WPP are
all confirmed to speak at the four-day event, with the speaker line-up also
including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, Getty Images chief executive Dawn
Airey, BuzzFeed founder Jonah Peretti and PayPal president Dan Schulman.

Among the most highly anticipated keynote sessions is a presentation by Qualcomm
president Derek Aberle, who will be joined on stage by three-time Formula One
World Champion driver Lewis Hamilton, to discuss how wireless technology is
transforming the future of consumer automotive through motorsport.

"We have an outstanding line-up of chief executives confirmed for this year's
Mobile World Congress, including several who are first-time keynotes at
Barcelona," said GSMA chief marketing officer Michael O'Hara. "This year's
speakers will share insights on a range of hot topics in mobile, from mobile
identity to the internet of things, from digital inclusion to industry
disruption, from network evolution to entertainment, among others."

Samsung released its Galaxy S6 to great reviews at last year's Mobile World
Congress, and this year it is expected to follow up with the Galaxy S7, while LG
is due announce its new G5 Android smartphone.

For the first time in MWC history, the event will showcase drones within the
exclusive Drone Zone.

Mobile World Congress 2015 was a record-breaking year, with more than 94,000
attendees, 2,199 exhibitors and more than 3,800 journalists and industry
analysts.

Elsewhere, as part of Galway Mayo Institute of Technology's (GMIT) annual New
Frontiers pitching competition and awards ceremony, GMIT will host a free
one-day conference on the internet of things. With more than 34 billion devices
expected to be connected to the internet by 2020, and almost $6 trillion
forecast be spent on internet of things solutions over the next five years, it
is a hot topic.

Speakers will include VT Networks founder Mark Bannon, Sigfox UK and Ireland
sales director Kevin Maher, Firmwave chief executive Fintan McGovern and
WebThings Group director Justin Tisbury.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 820 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 December 27, 2004 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FOR THE MOST PART, OUR PREDICTIONS FOR 2004 CAME TRUE

BYLINE: DAWN C. CHMIELEWSKI, Mercury News

SECTION: TECH MONDAY; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 571 words


We hate to brag (honest, we do), but we pretty well nailed it with our forecast
of hot personal technology trends for 2004.

1: We predicted that laptop prices would fall, as manufacturers found more
efficient ways to produce one of the most expensive parts: the screen. Indeed,
the average price of notebook computers dropped from about $1,145 in 2003 to
$1,033 this year, according to market researcher Current Analysis. Some could
even be had for as little as $500.

2: We expected that a wireless technology known as Bluetooth would catch hold in
2004, allowing computer makers to offer wireless keyboards and mice and other
cordless devices. Sure enough, Apple Computer's new iMac G5, the sleek,
all-in-one flat-panel computer, featured just such a setup. Expect the legions
of black-box PC makers to follow.

3: The first one-megapixel camera phones not only debuted in 2004, but nearly
became obsolete. By the end of the year, LG Electronics was developing a
six-megapixel camera phone. Smile and say, "May I have one, please?"

4: We correctly forecast that the iPod's resounding popularity would attract
competition, forcing Apple to offer a less expensive product to remain
competitive -- the $250 iPod Mini. But so far, no rival product has achieved the
same white-hot popularity, as is evidenced by this holiday's season's reported
shortages of certain models of iPod.

5: But when it comes to the prospects for the video iPod, we jumped the gun.
Apple Chief Executive Steve Jobs even took the unusual step in the fall of
denying such a product was in development.

6: Faster cellular phone networks did finally reach 13 big cities in 2004, as
Verizon Wireless rolled out third-generation network access in cities such as
Los Angeles, Las Vegas and Washington, D.C. It provides high-speed wireless
Internet access at download speeds of about 500 kilobits per second. Verizon
will spend about $1 billion in the coming year to deploy the service more
broadly, nationwide.

7: And, for the record, you aren't paranoid. Somebody is watching you in 2004.
Surveillance technology continues to be ever more broadly deployed. Just this
month, Congress revealed that the United States has embarked on new type of
intelligence program -- spy satellites designed to orbit the earth, undetected.
No one has yet to learn how much the program will cost or what it's supposed to
monitor. But it will doubtless augment the global eavesdropping network of
satellites, aircraft and drones.

8: And while we're discussing voyeurism, video Web logs did indeed come into
vogue in 2004. It took all forms -- from chronicling the Democratic National
Convention to tagging along with Luuk Bouwman as he chronicled his exploration
of Peru's Machu Picchu and travels along the Inca trail.

9: Lean, gaseous plasma TVs got cheaper, too, as we predicted. Average prices
have plummeted from $5,300 a couple of years ago to about $2,500 last month,
according to the NPD Consumer Electronics Price Watch, which monitors pricing of
hot tech products.

10: But we have to admit our predictions of TiVo's demise were a bit premature.
TiVo is clearly losing money -- about $26.4 million in its most recent quarter
-- amid growing competition from cable companies that offer similar services.
But TiVo also doubled the number of subscribers in the last year, with more than
2.3 million subscribers.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 August 9, 2016
                                 First Edition

Millions of smartphones 'have bug that could give hackers total control';
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Martyn Landi

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 398 words


Security flaws that could give hackers complete access to a smartphone have been
found in the microchips of millions of Android devices, researchers claim.

The computer security firm Check Point told a hacking convention in the US that
it had found a bug - which it calls QuadRooter - that could affect up to 900
million Android phones, including some made by BlackBerry, Google and LG among
others, which is caused by vulnerabilities in the processor chips used in those
phones by the US firm Qualcomm.

There is no evidence that the problem has been used by cyber criminals.
According to Check Point, if a "malicious app" installed on the affected phones
could exploit the vulnerabilities, it could "give attackers complete control of
devices and unrestricted access to sensitive personal and enterprise data on
them".

The alleged weakness, which is linked to the code that controls communication
between different parts running inside a phone, is believed already to be the
subject of a fix or "patch" being built by Qualcomm to remove the issue.

The chipmaker is yet to officially comment on the issue.

Check Point also suggested that the Android platform as a whole - which is open
to dozens of different manufacturers and software developers - was part of the
problem, with updates taking too long to pass through the system.

"This situation highlights the inherent risks in the Android security model,"
the firm said. "Critical security updates must pass through the entire supply
chain before they can be made available to end users."

The security firm has encouraged users to keep their phone's software up to date
in order to keep it secure, and said it had also created a free app called
QuadRooter Scanner, which can check whether a user's phone is at risk.

Michael Shaulov, head of mobility product management at Check Point, told the
BBC: "I'm pretty sure you will see these vulnerabilities being used in the next
three to four months.

"It's always a race as to who finds the bug first, whether it's the good guys or
the bad."

At risk? The models that could be vulnerable Among the models thought to be
affected are: Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P Motorola's New Moto X (left) HTC
One, HTC M9 and HTC 10 LG G4, LG G5, and LG V10 BlackBerry Priv Samsung Galaxy
S7 and Samsung S7 Edge (US models) Sony Xperia Z Ultra (right) Blackphone 1 and
Blackphone 2 OnePlus One, OnePlus 2 and OnePlus 3

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2016 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday

Sony brings camera, audio competency into Xperia X Performance

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 367 words


The photo shows Sony's latest flagship handset, Xperia X Performance, taking a
picture of a moving object by using its 'predictive hybrid autofocus' function.
/ Courtesy of Sony Korea

After a years-long slump in its smartphone business, Sony appears to have
finally found what it needs to focus on.

The Xperia X Performance, the latest flagship handset of the Japanese
electronics giant, clearly reflects what Sony's core competencies are: audio and
camera functionality.

Last month, the company launched the premium Android handset on the global
stage, replacing its previous Z series in a bid to find new momentum through the
new X lineup.

It remains to be seen whether the high-end smartphone will bring a potential
rebound to the firm's handset business. But one thing looks to be clear; the
device comes with what Sony fanboys have sought after - a combination of camera,
audio and design.

As Sony Korea CEO Osamu Morimoto said in its launch event last month, the X
Performance comes with a sleek metal back and a five-inch full high-definition
(FHD) display.

Its curved glass edges make the device glimmer in the light, completing its
sophisticated design.

The touch screen is smooth and sensitive enough to enjoy basic messenger
applications and web surfing without any lag. Xperia X Performance is equipped
with the Snapdragon 820 application processor and Andoid 6.0 Operating System
(OS), which is the same as its Samsung and LG counterparts - Galaxy S7 and LG
G5.

Sony distinguishes the device from other premium smartphones by equipping it
with a 23 million megapixel rear camera, allowing users to take more vivid and
clear shots.

The device appears to be the best option for those, who prioritizes bright and
realistic photos. The X Performance allows them to not just take a clear shot of
stationary objects, but moving ones as well through its 'predictive hybrid
autofocus' function.

Sony's other core competency is audio technology with which the company adopted
dual front-facing speakers for the X Performance, generating a more powerful and
vivid sound performance. The device also comes with noise cancelling headsets
with which users can also enjoy its undisturbed, clear audio experiences.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                  June 7, 2016

Top 10 biggest brands in Asia listed in report

LENGTH: 407  words


Advertising media Campaign unveiled its annual "Asia Top 1000 Brands" report on
Monday, with Samsung occupying the top spot as the most desirable brand in Asia
for the sixth year, followed by Apple, Sony, Nestle and Panasonic.

According to the company, the study encompassed 14 major brand categories, from
alcohol to financial services, consumer electronics to automotive and more than
70 sub-categories.

"Launched in 2004, the report is the largest study of consumer attitudes towards
brands, with 6,400 people surveyed in Asia across 13 markets," said a statement
of the company.

Let's take a look at the top ten brands listed in the report.

No. 10 Adidas

A shop assistant presents the new Adidas NMD model at the flagship store in
Berlin, Germany, in this January 20, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 9 Chanel

German photographer Karl Lagerfeld, head designer and creative director of
fashion house Chanel, poses with a model after a fashion show of his latest
inter-seasonal Cruise collection, at the Paseo del Prado street in Havana, Cuba,
May 3, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 8 Canon

A man looks at Canon lenses and cameras at the Canon stall during the CP+ camera
and photo trade fair in Yokohama, Japan, February 25, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 7 LG

A model poses for photographs with LG Electronics' new smartphone G5 and its
removable battery during its launch event in Taipei,March 24, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 6 Nike

Track and Field jerseys and footwears for USA and China made by Nike are
displayed during an unveiling event in New York, March 17, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 5 Panasonic

Visitors look at Panasonic Corp's luxury brand home appliances called J concept
at CEATEC (Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies) JAPAN 2015 in Makuhari,
Japan, October 6, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 4 Nestle

Different types of chocolate bars are seen in the company supermarket at the
Nestle headquarters in Vevey, February 17, 2011. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 3 Sony

Game developer Marc Flury plays Kokoromi's Superhypercube on Sony's PlayStation
VR during an event in San Francisco, California March 15, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 2 Apple

People wait in line for the opening of the next generation Apple Store in San
Francisco, California, U.S. May 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 1 Samsung

A model demonstrates the waterproof function of a Samsung Electronics' new
smartphone Galaxy S7 Edge during its launch ceremony in Seoul, South Korea,
March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                  June 7, 2016

Top 10 biggest brands in Asia listed in report

LENGTH: 407  words


Advertising media Campaign unveiled its annual "Asia Top 1000 Brands" report on
Monday, with Samsung occupying the top spot as the most desirable brand in Asia
for the sixth year, followed by Apple, Sony, Nestle and Panasonic.

According to the company, the study encompassed 14 major brand categories, from
alcohol to financial services, consumer electronics to automotive and more than
70 sub-categories.

"Launched in 2004, the report is the largest study of consumer attitudes towards
brands, with 6,400 people surveyed in Asia across 13 markets," said a statement
of the company.

Let's take a look at the top ten brands listed in the report.

No. 10 Adidas

A shop assistant presents the new Adidas NMD model at the flagship store in
Berlin, Germany, in this January 20, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 9 Chanel

German photographer Karl Lagerfeld, head designer and creative director of
fashion house Chanel, poses with a model after a fashion show of his latest
inter-seasonal Cruise collection, at the Paseo del Prado street in Havana, Cuba,
May 3, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 8 Canon

A man looks at Canon lenses and cameras at the Canon stall during the CP+ camera
and photo trade fair in Yokohama, Japan, February 25, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 7 LG

A model poses for photographs with LG Electronics' new smartphone G5 and its
removable battery during its launch event in Taipei,March 24, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 6 Nike

Track and Field jerseys and footwears for USA and China made by Nike are
displayed during an unveiling event in New York, March 17, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 5 Panasonic

Visitors look at Panasonic Corp's luxury brand home appliances called J concept
at CEATEC (Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies) JAPAN 2015 in Makuhari,
Japan, October 6, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 4 Nestle

Different types of chocolate bars are seen in the company supermarket at the
Nestle headquarters in Vevey, February 17, 2011. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 3 Sony

Game developer Marc Flury plays Kokoromi's Superhypercube on Sony's PlayStation
VR during an event in San Francisco, California March 15, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 2 Apple

People wait in line for the opening of the next generation Apple Store in San
Francisco, California, U.S. May 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 1 Samsung

A model demonstrates the waterproof function of a Samsung Electronics' new
smartphone Galaxy S7 Edge during its launch ceremony in Seoul, South Korea,
March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                  June 7, 2016

Top 10 biggest brands in Asia

LENGTH: 407  words


Advertising media Campaign unveiled its annual "Asia Top 1000 Brands" report on
Monday, with Samsung occupying the top spot as the most desirable brand in Asia
for the sixth year, followed by Apple, Sony, Nestle and Panasonic.

According to the company, the study encompassed 14 major brand categories, from
alcohol to financial services, consumer electronics to automotive and more than
70 sub-categories.

"Launched in 2004, the report is the largest study of consumer attitudes towards
brands, with 6,400 people surveyed in Asia across 13 markets," said a statement
of the company.

Let's take a look at the top ten brands listed in the report.

No. 10 Adidas

A shop assistant presents the new Adidas NMD model at the flagship store in
Berlin, Germany, in this January 20, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 9 Chanel

German photographer Karl Lagerfeld, head designer and creative director of
fashion house Chanel, poses with a model after a fashion show of his latest
inter-seasonal Cruise collection, at the Paseo del Prado street in Havana, Cuba,
May 3, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 8 Canon

A man looks at Canon lenses and cameras at the Canon stall during the CP+ camera
and photo trade fair in Yokohama, Japan, February 25, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 7 LG

A model poses for photographs with LG Electronics' new smartphone G5 and its
removable battery during its launch event in Taipei,March 24, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 6 Nike

Track and Field jerseys and footwears for USA and China made by Nike are
displayed during an unveiling event in New York, March 17, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

No. 5 Panasonic

Visitors look at Panasonic Corp's luxury brand home appliances called J concept
at CEATEC (Combined Exhibition of Advanced Technologies) JAPAN 2015 in Makuhari,
Japan, October 6, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 4 Nestle

Different types of chocolate bars are seen in the company supermarket at the
Nestle headquarters in Vevey, February 17, 2011. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 3 Sony

Game developer Marc Flury plays Kokoromi's Superhypercube on Sony's PlayStation
VR during an event in San Francisco, California March 15, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 2 Apple

People wait in line for the opening of the next generation Apple Store in San
Francisco, California, U.S. May 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

No. 1 Samsung

A model demonstrates the waterproof function of a Samsung Electronics' new
smartphone Galaxy S7 Edge during its launch ceremony in Seoul, South Korea,
March 10, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

LG 360 Cam turns out fine, warts and all

BYLINE: Lisabel Ting

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 534 words


360 cameras are not breakthrough products anymore. The Ricoh Theta pioneered
consumer 360 cameras in 2013 and, since then, rivals such as the Bublcam, Allie
Cam and 360cam have been launched.

However, this year marks the first time that major smartphone manufacturers are
jumping into the fray. Samsung launched the Gear 360 just last week, and the LG
360 Cam will hit Singapore shelves this month.

The LG 360 Cam is a compact, flat grey unit, slightly longer than a credit card
and about two finger-widths thick. It has a protective cover that can be slid
over the bottom of the camera and used as a grip. Without it, the device weighs
just 77g.

Like most other 360 cameras, the LG 360 Cam has two fisheye lenses placed back
to back. Each one has a 13-megapixel sensor with a 200-degree field of view.

The camera is simple to use with just two buttons - a power button and a shutter
button. Each does double duty. Long-press the power button to toggle 180 and 360
capture, and long-press the shutter button to toggle between picture and video.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $398, or $298 if purchased with LG G5 phone

CONNECTIVITY: Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and USB

MEMORY: 4GB internal (cannot be used to take pictures), expandable up to 2TB
with a microSD card

CAMERA: Two 13-megapixel cameras

RATINGFEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

The LG 360 Cam can be used without a phone, but if you wish to pair it with one,
that can be done through the 360 Cam Manager app on both Android and iOS.

With the app, you can download the files into your phone, and share the photos
or videos straight to social media sites.

Pairing the camera with your phone also lets you compose shots and videos
through the app's virtual viewfinder.

And, aside from being able to see through this viewfinder, you can choose from a
list of pre-set modes such as scenery and sport, and manually control variables
such as the ISO, shutter speed and white balance.

The pictures produced by the camera were reasonably clear and, most of the time,
the stitching where the two images met was unnoticable.

However, in a handful of pictures that I took, inaccurate stitching resulted in
objects being cut off or two images of the same thing.

Overall, the image and video quality of the 360 Cam is high enough for sharing
on YouTube or Facebook, which both support 360 video.

The 360 Cam has an internal microphone with 5.1 channel recording and managed to
capture audio direction quite clearly during my tests. However, it does not have
a microphone jack, which may be a limitation for users who want to focus on
voice or speech.

There is also no internal memory in the camera, and you will need a microSD card
(not included) in order to start snapping. Even if a phone is synced and you can
see a live preview through the virtual viewfinder, you cannot store images
directly on your phone.

Despite these minor drawbacks, the LG 360 won me over with its ease of use and
sharing, which takes us one step closer to bringing virtual reality experiences
to the everyday consumer.

· Verdict: While the LG 360 Cam is not perfect, it is a big step towards making
360 photo/video creation a lot more consumer-friendly.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In spite of some minor drawbacks, the LG 360 is one step closer to
bringing virtual reality experiences to the everyday consumer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

TV Sales Figures Indicate Sony Losing the India Plot

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 628 words


Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

Sony is now at third position in the Indian flat panel television market, ceding
the long-cherished number two slot to South Korean rival LG. The Japanese
electronics giant attributed this development to a change in business strategy ,
which places a greater focus on the premium segment and an eye for value over
volumes.

Industry experts and analysts, however, have begun casting doubts on the Bravia
maker's future growth potential in India given that the digital camera business
has lost steam due to the invasion of smartphones -a business where Sony had a
big presence, but has scaled it down, leaving only televisions as the category
to rely on.

As per market tracker GfK, LG has overtaken Sony in overall flat panel
television sales for the December 2015 to January 2016 period in both value and
volume. By volume share, LG had around 25% as compared to Sony's 18%, and by
value, LG has overtaken Sony by a short margin of around 1%. Samsung is the
market leader with around 27% volume share and 30% value share. Data for
February is yet to be released.

Sony officials said the company, unlike Samsung and LG, does not give GfK sales
data from its exclusive stores, which account for 20% of the company's flat
panel sales. Sony India managing director Kenichiro Hibi said if the sales
contribution from Sony brand shops is included, Sony would definitely be the
number one player by value in flat panel sales. However, Sony was number two in
GfK's data preceding December without including sales from Sony's exclusive
stores.

"Being a premium player, our focus has never been to gain volume share but
retain our value in the market. In alignment

with our strategy , Sony is the absolute number one player in 32-inches and
above segment with the same conditions," Hibi said. Quoting data, he said Sony
is leading . 25,000-plus flat panel TV segment.in the ' Company officials said
Sony lost share in the 22-inch segment where it reduced focus due to
commoditisation of the segment and is instead focusing on the 40-inches plus
segment since consumers are moving to larger screens even in smaller towns.

Sony said it will focus on smart televisions this year and launch internet
functionality even on 32and 40-inch TVs, while doubling the number of television
models manufactured locally .

Earlier this year, Sony offered voluntary retirement to its entire smartphone
team and has decided to shrink the business to only the mid-to-high end segment
in select stores and its own outlets. As per tracker Counterpoint Research,
Sony's share in Indian smartphone dropped to 1% in the October-December quarter
as compared to 3% a year ago.

Counterpoint Research senior analyst Tarun Pathak said Sony has been cutting

down on its portfolio and marketing spend as it was sandwiched between Apple and
Samsung in the flagship segment and a strong competition from Chinese players in
the mid-segment.

"With upcoming launches such as LG G5 and Xiaomi Mi5, it is likely to face more
pressure within Android flagship segment. However, Sony's upcoming model
reinforces its strength in camera capabilities, but the brand needs much more
than that to stand itself from rest of the competition," Pathak said.

The chief of a rival brand said Sony has scope to gain ground in India due to
its brand value. "However, such a strategy on relying on just one product may
hit their revenue growth rate in India, since television sales gets that major
spike only when there are big sporting events which doesn't happen every year,"
he said.

Hibi said while television will still be foremost in contributing to Sony
India's sales which he expects will grow upwards of 10%, the company is building
categories like PlayStation gaming consoles, headphones and personal audio.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                January 11, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Take a look into the future;
Mark Harris and David Phelan visit tomorrow's world at CES, the ultimate
electronics show

BYLINE: Mark Harris; David Phelan

SECTION: IN GEAR; FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 982 words


Get ready for a wireless, 3-D, mind-controlled future. The gadgets of tomorrow
were unveiled last week at the annual Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las
Vegas - the world's biggest technology convention.

Under the city's neon glare, 2,700 companies displayed their newest gadgets
across 1.7m sq ft of floor space.

CES is where technology trends are set, and the developments we can look forward
to in 2009 have become clear: out will go tangled audio and video cables, in
will come high-speed, highdefinition wireless link-ups between your computer,
Blu-ray player and home cinema system.

Televisions will be able to turn themselves off automatically when they sense
nobody is watching them, and will shrink to anorexic proportions, while their
displays bust out into three dimensions. This sets the scene for yet another
format war, as rival standards for 3-D films and games tussle for supremacy.

Everything that needs electricity will be either solar-powered or dynamopowered,
will have a solid-state memory and will look ever so slightly like an Apple
iPhone. Of course, touchscreens are going to be everywhere - cameras, PCs and
mobile phones.

The first mind-controlled gadgets made their appearance this year, and you don't
have to be clairvoyant to predict that they will be the must-have toys of 2009..

LG-GD910 Touch Watch Phone ¤n/a uk.lge.com

We didn't ever think a Dick Tracy-style watch-phone would become a reality, but
LG has answered our sci-fi prayers. Its Touch Watch is both a watch and a
mobile, with a 1in touch-sensitive screen, a built-in camera and a 3G data
connection for video calling (the screen is too small to be much use for
browsing). A microphone and speaker let you use it (by your mouth) for calls,
and two hours' talk time is claimed between recharges. Not much larger than a
regular watch, it looks modish.

Sony Walkman X Series Video MP3 Player ¤245-¤322 sonystyle.co.uk

This is Sony's answer to the iPod Touch, and it is more pocketable than Apple's
model, although the screen, at 3in, is half an inch smaller. What's more, it
uses an OLED (Organic LED) screen, which is pin-sharp and bright and uses less
energy than a regular LCD screen. It's also touch-sensitive, though buttons on
the top let you adjust the track or volume while the player is in your pocket.
Sound quality is particularly strong, and noise-cancelling is built in. It comes
in 16GB and 32GB capacities and has wi-fi, so you can browse the web and even
watch YouTube videos on the go.

There's often talk about the iPod being dethroned, and this player looks like
the first really serious contender..

Garmin Approach G5 ¤n/a www.garmin.com This GPS device has details of thousands
of golf courses, its 3in touchscreen showing your exact location on each.

By showing the distance to the flag, and pointing out hazards en route, it can
improve your game and keep you out of trouble. It's waterproof, weighs less than
7oz and includes a digital scorecard. The G5 stores details of only American
golf courses, but British ones will soon be added.

Vuzix Wrap 920 ¤n/a www.vuzix.com These video glasses let you watch TV or films
from portable media players or mobile phones. They're like watching widescreen
television, and yet you can simultaneously peer through them at the real world.
What make these specs even more exciting are two accessories: one that
transforms the image to 3-D, and another that uses tiny motion sensors to alter
the view, depending on where your head is pointing. They combine to let you
experience virtual worlds such as Second Life or World of Warcraft in a
disturbing semblance of reality.

Minoru 3D webcam ¤56, www.minoru3d.com Videoconferencing is cheaper than flying,
and now you can virtually teleport yourself into someone else's office, or zoom
into your living room to talk to your family. This webcam has twin cameras to
capture a stereoscopic image, which gives the illusion of depth and allows you
to make video calls in three dimensions. Viewers will need to wear 3-D
spectacles, and the Minoru comes with five pairs. It works with common Voip
(internet phone) services such as Skype, Windows Live Messenger and AOL Instant
Messenger. The 3-D effect can be headache-inducing, however, so it's good to
know you can turn it off at the touch of a button and use the Minoru as a
conventional 2-D webcam.

Asus Eee Keyboard ¤n/a www.asus.com We're used to all-in-one computers such as
the Apple iMac that squeeze their components into a slender LCD screen. Now Asus
has gone one step further, fitting an entire PC into just a keyboard. The Eee
Keyboard has a built-in 5in touchscreen (of course) for browsing websites and
changing settings, and a solid-state memory for weight-saving and robustness,
and it uses Intel's popular, low-power Atom processor. The Eee Keyboard can also
be linked to your flatscreen television via either a normal HDMI
(high-definition multimedia interface) cable or the latest wireless HDMI
connection, letting you watch digital movies, play games or surf the web without
leaving the sofa. There are still a few months to wait, though, as Asus doesn't
plan to launch the keyboard until September.

Mattel Mindflex $80 (¤58) www.mattel.com Mindflex claims to be the world's first
mind-controlled toy and is made by Mattel, home of Barbie. To play, you put on
the "brain-scanning headset" and concentrate to activate a fan that guides a
foam ball through a series of hoops. You must concentrate hard to try to
generate powerful theta waves - a type of brain wave that can be associated with
meditation. The more powerful your waves, the harder the fan blows. The
experience is both fun and spooky: focusing on the tiny ball and watching it
rise without your direct intervention gives you the sense of conducting a Jedi
mind trick. The Mindflex will be available in the US first, in the autumn, with
the UK following soon after.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                 Solihull News

                                 March 4, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Rolling Bot beats smartphones to be star of show

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 271 words


AS usual, late February saw the movers and shakers of the mobile consumer
electronics industry fly off to the weak sunshine and crowded tapas bars of an
out-of-season Barcelona to browse the latest in smartphones and other portable
gizmos at the annual Mobile World Congress.

There were several predictable showstoppers.

Samsung's unveiling of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge drew glowing reviews.

Interest in these ran neck and neck with the LG G5, showcased to considerable
excitement following the success of the G4.

Surprise successes from more minor players caused some commotion as well.
Beijing-based Xiaomi, with its Mi 5, and Alcatel, in which Nokia has a majority
stake, with its Idol 4S, both had punters predicting big things for two nicely
crafted phones which packed features normally well above their price range.

The show's big hit, though, for which visitors needed sharp elbows to get a good
look, was not a phone.

Neither was it very portable. This was the LG Rolling Bot, designed to not
venture beyond a single floor of a home.

The Bot pairs up across the Net with a distant smartphone and wanders around
under its control.

It provides eyes and ears to check that all is well, that the home is secure,
the babysitter is awake or the cat is behaving itself.

As a remote App steers the spherical, not quite bowling ball sized Bot around
furniture and through doorways, an eight megapixel camera beams back what it
sees. It also has a speaker that can be used to say hello to the dog.

Check it out by searching for 'Rolling Bot' on YouTube.

'' The Bot provides eyes and ears to check that all is well, that the home is
secure

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SON


                           Copyright 2016 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

LG Mosquito away TV review: Keeps mosquitoes away, not the viewers

BYLINE: Heena Gupta

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 678 words


LG is a renowned name when it comes to consumer electronics. The South Korean
giant has a large portfolio of feature-laden products, ranging from smartphones
to refrigerators and action cameras to TVs. But in addition to that, LG is also
known for introducing unique mosquito repellent technology in many of its
electronic devices such as TVs and air conditioners.

The company recently launched its first TV having the same mosquito repellent
technology in India. Dubbed Mosquito Away, the TV is priced at Rs 26,990.

So is the LG Mosquito Away really capable of delivering a great TV watching
experience, while at the same time keeping mosquito away? We used the TV for a
few days, and here are our findings.

Design LG TVs are known for being well-designed and the Mosquito Away is no
exception, having an understatedly good design complete with a singular metallic
frame. The TV is quite slim and bezels around the screen are narrow as well,
thus making it appear larger. Mosquito Away TV can be either mounted on the wall
(via brackets) or propped on the stand.

The flexible mount makes it possible to adjust the TV as per your convenience.

LG Mosquito away TV features a 32-inch HD display with 1366x768 resolution. All
the connecting ports are at the back of the TV. The Mosquito Away also comes
with a conventional remote control with all the necessary controls.Mosquito Away
is LG's first TV to be equipped with mosquito repellent technology. The feature
essentially works through a small device that comes with the TV. It can be
plugged into the TV's rear panel and immediately starts working once you
activate it from the settings. The device emits ultrasonic sound waves which
drive away the mosquitoes, keeping you and your family safe from mosquito-borne
diseases. Since the repellent device doesn't use any harmful chemicals, it is
fully odour-free and non-hazardous.

READ ALSO LG goes for restructuring post 'disappointing' G5 sales

Performance

During our time with it, LG's Mosquito Away TV impressed with its performance.
Colours were quite accurate and viewing angles were good. Image reproduction was
clean and flicker free. We played a number of high-definition videos and
playback was smooth.

In addition, the wide viewing angles of the display did not distort the colour
or contrast. LG has also incorporated blur free technology in the TV, which
helps in delivering crystal clear pictures even for fast-paced sequences.

LG Mosquito Away also has Triple XD Engine that delivers higher levels of colour
and contrast for even better performance.

The TV outputs powerful 20W Dolby Digital sound. During our testing, audio
quality and surround sound were both really good. Even movies played through USB
had clear audio output.

In order to deliver something extra to its customers, LG has preloaded some
games in the TV. They can be played via the remote control. Interestingly, the
TV also has two special modes - Bollywood and Cricket.The Cricket mode provides
an enhanced sports viewing experience with enhanced picture and sound quality.
As for the Bollywood mode, it automatically adjusts the sound equalizer for the
best movie watching experience.

Mosquito away TV has support for 10 regional languages and users can select
their preferred language from the settings. There is also a Smart Energy Saving
feature which, not surprisingly, helps in conserving power.

And all this while, we enjoyed our TV watching experience without having to
worry about mosquitoes. The repellent device worked fine for keeping mosquitoes
away.

All in all, we were really impressed by LG's Mosquito Away TV.

READ ALSO LG Electronics, Volkswagen partner to develop connected car platform

Verdict

LG Mosquito away TV is definitely a good product. It's priced well and has
numerous functionality enhancing features. Then of course, there's the mosquito
repellent technology which makes the whole deal even better. So if you are
planning on buying a new TV within the price bracket of Rs 30,000, the LG
Mosquito Away TV is definitely worth consideration.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Sony: Concept products catch the eye

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 397 words


Sony's presence at the Mobile World Congress this year was surprisingly
understated. Its press conference was held at the early time slot of 8.30am on
the first day, and there were no tantalising invites a la Samsung or LG to send
the rumour mill into overdrive.

Pundits were hoping for news of a new flagship Z6 phone, a Z6 tablet, or more
information about the PlayStation VR headset. What they got instead were just
three mid-range phones: the Xperia X, XA and X Performance.

The phones themselves have continued the Xperia tradition of bold colours and a
blocky form factor, though the harsh edges of previous models have been made
slightly gentler.

The higher-end X Performance is powered by the same Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 that
is found in the LG G5, but has a smaller 5-inch, 1,080p screen and the same
camera as the Z5 last year. The phones did have several snazzy features, such as
object-tracking autofocus.

However, the most interesting products at the Sony booth were not the phones. It
was the upcoming Ear, and a trio of concept products - the Eye, Projector and
Agent.

They are all designed such that a user will have to interact less with the phone
in the conventional manner of looking at a screen and swiping or tapping.

The Ear, to be launched in summer, is a tiny earpiece that connects to your
phone wirelessly and is designed to be worn continually. It can respond to voice
commands, and can also be used to feed notifications and information to the
wearer.

The Eye is a clip-on camera which can detect the best time to snap a photo, such
as when there are many faces looking towards it.

But what I was interested in was the Projector, a short-throw projector with a
sensor that lets you interact with the projected surface as you would a
touchscreen.

I found it pretty accurate, and it handily tracked my writing on a wooden table.
It was also accurate and responsive when pressing small buttons, or swiping left
and right.

The Agent is a combination of all three devices, with a camera, projector,
microphone and touchpad.

Sony intends it to be an all-in-one home concierge service, and it may be
particularly useful for users such as the elderly who are unfamiliar with a
smartphone.

For example, they can use voice commands to direct the Agent to make a video
call to their family, and the call can then be projected on a nearby table or
wall.

Lisabel Ting

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Xperia X, XA and X Performance continue the Xperia tradition of
bold colours and a blocky form factor. But Sony's most interesting products were
its upcoming Ear - which will be launched in summer - and a trio of concept
products: the Eye, Projector and Agent.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       March 1, 2016 Tuesday 4:20 PM GMT

Facebook reveals remote areas internet access plans

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 309 words


Facebook wants to use artificial intelligence to help bring remote parts of the
world online, the social network has said.

Following on from a surprise appearance at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona
where company chief Mark Zuckerberg described virtual reality as the future,
Facebook has spoken of its desire to map the world and identify areas of human
activity lacking in connectivity.

The social network is already involved in a solar-powered drone project which
aims to beam internet signals down to remote parts of the world. This new
mapping system could be used in conjunction with the drones.

In a blog post discussing the idea, Facebook's Tobias Tiecke explained that the
firm was using satellite imagery to map where human activity is, with a computer
able to spot and log where man-made buildings are.

"Ten percent of the world's population lives in areas of the world where
connectivity is simply not available; connecting these often remote and rural
areas will require the development of new wireless communication technologies
and platforms," he said.

On stage at Samsung's event, Mr Zuckerberg called virtual reality technology
"the next platform", and explained his belief that VR headsets will become the
social hubs of the future, with users gathering around them in order to connect
to friends around the world.

"Imagine holding a group meeting or event anywhere that you want," he said.

"All these things are going to be possible, and that's why Facebook is investing
so much early on in virtual reality. So we can help to deliver these kind of
social experiences."

Samsung and LG are among the technology giants to announce 360-degree cameras at
Mobile World Congress, devices which can be used to create virtual reality
video. LG has also been showing a virtual reality headset the connects directly
to its latest smartphone, the G5.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     February 23, 2016 Tuesday 8:06 AM GMT

Facebook reveals remote areas internet access plans

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 309 words


Facebook wants to use artificial intelligence to help bring remote parts of the
world online, the social network has said.

Following on from a surprise appearance at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona
where company chief Mark Zuckerberg described virtual reality as the future,
Facebook has spoken of its desire to map the world and identify areas of human
activity lacking in connectivity.

The social network is already involved in a solar-powered drone project which
aims to beam internet signals down to remote parts of the world. This new
mapping system could be used in conjunction with the drones.

In a blog post discussing the idea, Facebook's Tobias Tiecke explained that the
firm was using satellite imagery to map where human activity is, with a computer
able to spot and log where man-made buildings are.

"Ten percent of the world's population lives in areas of the world where
connectivity is simply not available; connecting these often remote and rural
areas will require the development of new wireless communication technologies
and platforms," he said.

On stage at Samsung's event, Mr Zuckerberg called virtual reality technology
"the next platform", and explained his belief that VR headsets will become the
social hubs of the future, with users gathering around them in order to connect
to friends around the world.

"Imagine holding a group meeting or event anywhere that you want," he said.

"All these things are going to be possible, and that's why Facebook is investing
so much early on in virtual reality. So we can help to deliver these kind of
social experiences."

Samsung and LG are among the technology giants to announce 360-degree cameras at
Mobile World Congress, devices which can be used to create virtual reality
video. LG has also been showing a virtual reality headset the connects directly
to its latest smartphone, the G5.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            April 26, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Wacky characters make PC time entertaining

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 380  words


Chatterbot, WowWee, $50

Having a Fairy Godfather blathering away by your computer might work for kids
doing homework -- since we know all they're doing is chatting with friends
anyway -- but it could wear thin with your cubicle neighbours at the office.
Also in dog/cat and devil/angel versions, the Chatterbots come courtesy of
WowWee, maker of flying and grounded robots. With more than 2,000 keywords,
jokes and different actions in their repertoire, some of it at about the level
of bathroom humour, it plugs into the USB outlet on a computer. It can synch
with your calendar and comment on upcoming events or add batteries and plug into
an MP3 to work as a standalone speaker. Works with PCs or Intel-based Mac
computers. The perfect gift for someone you'd really like to annoy with a steady
stream of wacky banter. www.wowwee.com

iWave Cube, $130

At one cubic foot (.03 cubic metres) and taking up the space of two small
computer speakers, it's a portable microwave so you don't even need to leave
your desk to heat up those nachos. Just what you need after sitting at your
computer for hours -- an excuse not to stand up to heat some food. Don't blame
us for that aching back. Weighing only 5.5 kilograms, it plugs into a standard
outlet and comes with a built-in carrier handle and a view-through door.
www.sharperimage.com

LG Rumour, $75 with a three-year plan with Bell Mobility

With a full QWERTY keyboard, a camera, camcorder and MP3 player, the Rumour is
an all-in-one cellphone. The keyboard slides out, offering access to Facebook
and it comes with Windows Live Messenger pre-installed so you can keep up your
social networking on the go. The Rumour is Bluetooth capable with a four
gigabyte expandable memory port. It's available now through Bell in both white
and black, with SaskTel and Virgin Mobile slated to add it to their lineups
later this year. Check it out at www.ca.lge.com.

Westinghouse Digital 26'' LCD HDTV/DVD Combo Unit, $600

For the cottage, the boat or the dorm room, this is another all-in-one and this
time it's all about entertainment. A trim package houses a high-def television,
with front loading DVD player and multiple HD input connectors including two
HDMI. It delivers 1366-by-768 resolution. At:

www.westinghousedigital.com

gshaw@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Chatterbot, WowWee, $50 ;
Photo: iWave Cube, $130 ;
Photo: LG Rumour, $75 with a three-year plan with Bell Mobility ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Samsung launches flagship Galaxy S7, S7 edge at MWC 2016

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, June 2 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Samsung Electronics launched Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge at an event
ahead of MWC 2016, in Barcelona.


 MUST READ
 ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016
 The phones have metal and glass design. The company claims that the latest
Galaxy versions offer better performance than the previous Galaxy S6 series and
are IP68 waterproof.
 "We believe in a world that is brighter, sharper, more convenient, and more
fun. We strive to deliver on that vision with the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge
by marrying elegant design with functionality and providing a seamless mobile
experience," said DJ Koh, Samsung's new president of Mobile Communications
business.
 The phnes are supposed to be more hands-on with better features.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The S7 and S7 Edge will be available from March 11, with preorders beginning
February 23. Though the price has nit been announced yet, but if you buy either
S7 phone between February 23 and March 18, you will get a freeGear VR virtual
reality headset with a bundle of six games.
 Galaxy S7 offers a 5.1-inch display, weighs 152 gram and is powered by a
3,000mAh battery. The S7 edge is bigger with 5.5-inch display, 3,600mAh battery
and weighs 5 grams more. Both the devices have a Quad HD Super AMOLED display
with a resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels.
 Both the new flagship smartphones run on Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating
system, and will be available in 32GB and 64GB internal storage options and
200GB through microSD card backed external memory.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            February 26, 2016 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

MOBILE WORLD CONGRESS 2016 ROUND.UP;
GADGETS OF THE WEEK

SECTION: THE BEAT;FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 484 words


After months of leaks and speculation, Samsung officially launched its flagship
Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge handsets, right, at the event in Barcelona.

Looking almost identical to last year's models, arguably its key "new" feature
is the return of an old one, with the inclusion of an expandable memory slot.

There are also improvements on water resistance, an "always on display" function
for notifications, while the souped-up rear camera should focus quicker and work
better in low light. More a refinement than anything revolutionary, expect a
full review in the coming week.

Far more radical was LG's new G5 Android smartphone, which uses a modular design
allowing it to gain extra functions via add-on parts. The plug-in set available
at launch for the phone, left, includes a digital to analogue converter made by
Bang & Olufsen, allowing the handset to play back hi-res audio, while a camera
attachment brings manual dial controls for zoom and focusing.

Samsung's Gear VR and LG's VR 360 both got their moment in the spotlight, but
amongst all of the virtual reality headsets being showcased in Barcelona, HTC
Vive impressed the most.

Developed alongside games maker Valve it appears more advanced than its nearest
rival, Facebook's Oculus Rift, with better bespoke hand controllers and a camera
system that allows the wearer to see real objects, helping them to avoid bumping
into furniture (pressing a button on the controller allows objects to appear in
ghost form, superimposed onto the virtual reality environment). The downside is
a pretty hefty asking price (a $799 price tag was confirmed at the show) and the
need for a fairly powerful PC to pair it with.

Elsewhere, the tech powering the FLIR thermal imaging camera add-on for iPhones
we reviewed a few weeks ago comes built-in with a new smartphone by dumper truck
maker Caterpillar, right. Named the CAT S60, among its other ultra-rugged
features is its ability to function underwater for about an hour at a depth of
16 feet.

The main standout from Sony's stand at the show was an earpiece that offers an
audible virtual assistant. Not dissimilar to Scarlett Johansson's computerised
PA in the film Her, Sony's Ear links up to your Android smartphone, offering
location and time-based prompts about the weather, missed calls and
appointments, as well as responding to voice commands. Elsewhere, the Japanese
company introduced its new Xperia X line of mid-range Android handsets that all
boast smart new battery technology that should extend their life and cut
charging times in a big way.

All of the above should hit the shelves within the next few months, but the show
also played host to a number of concept devices that provided a glimpse into
technology's future.

Pick of the show was the FlexEnable Smartwatch prototype, below, featuring a
super-flexible LCD display that wraps around your wrist, hinting at where
wearable tech may be heading.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2016 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, June 3 -- China's ZTE, the world's sixth largest smartphone maker, is
introducing new value-priced phone models and aims to sell between 60 million
and 70 million devices overall this year, an executive said on Monday.


 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March
 ZTE Senior Director of Mobile Devices Waiman Lam said in an interview at the
Mobile World Congress that the company is cautiously targeting growth of around
60 million units, which would mark a 7 percent rise in unit sales from 2015.
 The higher end of its target range, 70 million units, would represent around 20
percent growth over 2015.
 ZTE unveiled two new models in its high-volume, value-priced line and unveiled
a new sports marketing partnership with Spanish football club Seville, taking a
page from a strategy that has turned ZTE into the 4th largest U.S. smartphone
vendor.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The Blade V7 Lite offers a 5-inch screen that can be operated with one hand and
a fingerprint scanner for users to sign on to the phone. It will initially be
sold in Russia and in coming months in markets including Mexico, Spain, Germany
and Thailand.
 A slightly larger Blade V7 sports a 5.2-inch screen in a metallic case for
single-hand use and both front and rear 13-megapixel cameras. Instead of
fingerprint security, it offers ZTE's retinal eye-scan feature and goes on sale
in summer.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 The company has not yet disclosed pricing for the new models, but Lam told
Reuters that the larger of the two, the Blade V7, will sell for around 250 euros
(around Rs 19000) and the Lite could be between 150 euros to 200 euros(around Rs
11,400-15,200)

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

ZTE unveils value-line phones Blade V7, Blade V7 Lite; eyes 60 mln-70 mln units
in 2016

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Barcelona


Barcelona, Feb. 23 -- China's ZTE, the world's sixth largest smartphone maker,
is introducing new value-priced phone models and aims to sell between 60 million
and 70 million devices overall this year, an executive said on Monday.


 MUST READ
 Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge launched; to hit market by mid-March
 ZTE Senior Director of Mobile Devices Waiman Lam said in an interview at the
Mobile World Congress that the company is cautiously targeting growth of around
60 million units, which would mark a 7 percent rise in unit sales from 2015.
 The higher end of its target range, 70 million units, would represent around 20
percent growth over 2015.
 ZTE unveiled two new models in its high-volume, value-priced line and unveiled
a new sports marketing partnership with Spanish football club Seville, taking a
page from a strategy that has turned ZTE into the 4th largest U.S. smartphone
vendor.
 MUST READ
 LG launches world's first modular smartphone G5 with dual camera,
virtual-reality set
 The Blade V7 Lite offers a 5-inch screen that can be operated with one hand and
a fingerprint scanner for users to sign on to the phone. It will initially be
sold in Russia and in coming months in markets including Mexico, Spain, Germany
and Thailand.
 A slightly larger Blade V7 sports a 5.2-inch screen in a metallic case for
single-hand use and both front and rear 13-megapixel cameras. Instead of
fingerprint security, it offers ZTE's retinal eye-scan feature and goes on sale
in summer.
 MUST READ
 Huawei's first PC MateBook unveiled; to take on Microsoft Surface, iPad Pro
 The company has not yet disclosed pricing for the new models, but Lam told
Reuters that the larger of the two, the Blade V7, will sell for around 250 euros
(around Rs 19000) and the Lite could be between 150 euros to 200 euros(around Rs
11,400-15,200)

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 820 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Edition

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

HOW NEW IPHONE RANKS AMONG ITS COMPETITORS;
From phones that shoot 4K-video to those with super storage, we round up 2016's
top picks so far

BYLINE: DAVID PHELAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 959 words


How long have you had your phone? If your contract is due for an upgrade, then
you'll probably be eligible for something faster, smarter and more capable than
before.

What are your priorities? Longer battery life? Better camera? Bigger screen?
Smaller screen (because not everyone has massive hands)? Or a phone with a low
initial price? Prices quoted are upfront cost on contract and how much to buy it
without a contract at all.

1. Apple iPhone SE: from free on contract with EE, from £359 without contract
from Apple The newest iPhone, announced on Monday, looks like an improved iPhone
5s. Its four-inch screen means it feels much more suited to smaller hands - and
pockets. This is the lowestpriced iPhone ever, but it includes much of the tech
of the latest models, including a blazingfast processor and 12-megapixel camera
capable of shooting video at 4K resolution, impressive panoramic shots and more.

2. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: from £9 on contract with Vodafone, £639.99 without
contract from Selfridges Easily the best Android smartphone on the market. It
has a dazzling design (the slopingedged screen looks great), fast processor,
super-fast 12-megapixel camera and strong battery life. The 5.5-inch screen is
as big as the iPhone 6s Plus, but this feels more manageable in the hand. And
it's waterproof, surviving for 30 minutes in 1.5 metres of water. Not cheap, but
the advantages are considerable - highly recommended.

3. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: from free on contract with Vodafone, £599.99 without
contract from Carphone Warehouse If you want the highest-quality screen around,
this phone's for you. Many phones now shoot video in the super-high 4K
resolution, but only this one can play it back in full resolution, too. There's
a powerful 23-megapixel camera and the fingerprint sensor is discreetly mounted
in the edge, in the power button.

4. LG G5: from £9.99 on contract from EE, £529 without contract from Amazon Just
announced and available now on pre-order, the G5 is a beast that''s different to
anything else around: the base slides off so you can insert a new battery or
attach an optional camera grip for the 16-megapixel camera. It has an always-on
screen that shows the time even when the phone is sleeping (and uses barely any
battery). On EE, the first 2,000 pre-orders get B&O headphones and speaker, too.

5. Apple iPhone 6s Plus: from £39.99 on contract from Carphone Warehouse, from
£619 without contract from Apple This is the biggest-screened iPhone with a
gorgeous, high-resolution, 5.5-inch display and impeccable 12-megapixel camera.
The fingerprint sensor that unlocks the screen is very speedy - it also
activates Apple Pay so you can pay for thing as you would with a contactless
credit card. Other Apple benefits include a massive range of quality apps,
excellent voice recognition system Siri and 3D Touch, where you press harder on
the screen to activate extra functions.

6. Samsung Galaxy S7: from £9 on contract from Three, £606.55 without contract
from Amazon If you'd like the latest Galaxy but prefer a smaller screen, the S7
with its 5.1-inch display is a great alternative. It packs the same camera,
performance and battery life as the S7 edge in a more conventional, but still
spiffy, styling. Both phones will have access to Samsung Pay later in the year -
like Apple Pay but designed to work with pretty much any card reader, not just
contactless.

7. Microsoft Lumia 950: from free on contract from Tesco Mobile. £399.99 without
contract from John Lewis This is like having your full Windows computer on your
phone. It uses a version of the new Windows 10 software so will be familiar to
users (though very different from Android or Apple). You can even connect it to
a display, keyboard and mouse via an optional Display Dock so it works like a
full computer. There's a 20-megapixel camera and a decent 5.2-inch screen.

8. Nextbit Robin: £277.20 without contract from Nextbit This is a great phone if
you want a large amount of storage at an affordable price, but don't need
everything on your phone all the time. The Robin has 32GB built in, plus 100GB
of storage in the cloud. When the phone gets full, it automatically transfers
stuff to the cloud to free up space. The design is a refreshing change from
black slabs with curvy corners. There's a good 5.2-inch display and decent
13-megapixel camera. Only available direct from Nextbit.

9. HTC One A9: from free on contract from EE, £357.45 without contract from
Amazon If you like the chic design of an iPhone but prefer Google's Android
operating system, the A9 is a wise choice. It has a pristine five-inch display
and a tremendous 13-megapixel camera that's fast and satisfying to use. HTC's
customisation of Android has always been excellent, especially when it comes to
the well-designed app icons and wallpapers, for instance.

10. Honor 5X: free on contract from Three, £189.99 without contract from Three
This is a great-value phone. Slick aluminium build, excellent 5.5-inch display,
13-megapixel camera and even a second sim card slot so you can run two numbers
on it (one work, one personal, perhaps). It has a good battery life, nippy
processor and a fingerprint sensor on the back. But it's the price that makes it
stand out against the competition.

Verdict Smartphones are complicated, intricate machines which we use all day
long, so battery life is important. All the phones here will last a full day,
though the Honor, Samsung and Sony handsets stand out. The Samsung Galaxy S7
edge, Apple iPhone 6s Plus and new iPhone SE have the best design. If
photography is crucial to you, the Apple, Samsung and Sony snappers are
exceptional. But, all things considered, we have to give it to the iPhone SE,
which stands out as the best-value option.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2016 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 5, 2005 Monday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Great gadgets for the techie on your holiday list

BYLINE: By David Sheets ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: EVERYDAY; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 530 words


Got gadgets on your mind this Christmas? Most of us do, trend and marketing
analysts say, and we'll spend almost twice what we did last year on them.

Although high-definition televisions will be high on many wish lists this year,
portability still rules when consumers choose technology. Consequently, most of
us will want to see smaller devices under the tree, such as laptop computers,
digital cameras and mobile phones.

But which one? The variety of gift-giving possibilities is broad, and the
differences between devices can be hard to distinguish, at first glance.

So, before you bundle up to brave the cold, the traffic and the long lines,
check out this list of good deals on small and medium-size technology this
holiday season. Price ranges are approximate:

* Apple iMac G5 -- Simply the best compact desktop computer around. All but the
keyboard and mouse fits neatly behind the viewing screen. And now it comes with
a remote control, so you can browse files from across the room. Upgrades -- such
as adding more memory -- can be problematic, but if you replace your computer
every two years, as most people do, they may not matter. ($1,300-$1,700;
http://www.apple.com/imac/)

* Averatec 4200 Series laptop -- It's both attractive and functional. The white
polymer finish contrasts nicely with a screen lid that comes in several colors.
The 4200 is not only light on your pocketbook, but at 4.5 pounds it also is
light enough to carry in a small book bag. Perhaps the biggest plus is the
multi-format DVD burner -- rare for portables in this price range. ($950-$1,400;
http://www.averatec.com/notebooks/4200series.htm)

* Verizon LG VX9800 -- It's a phone; it's a multimedia center. Flip open the
clamshell lid and you'll find a full QWERTY keypad, dual sound speakers and an
extra wide viewing screen, the better to see V CAST -- video-on-demand
programming downsized to fit on a mobile phone. V CAST is available through
Verizon's new high-speed cellular service. ($100-$250;
http://www.verizonwireless.com/b2c/index.jsp)

* Casio Exilim EX-S500 -- A good choice for traveling light. Among its best
features, the Exilim has an "anti-shake" control that minimizes photo blur. The
slim body is thinner than a stack of credit cards, but, fortunately, you don't
need a stack to buy one. ($279-$400; http://www.exilim.casio.com/)

* Apple iPod nano -- So what if it scratches easily? Get a carrying case. If you
look past the cosmetic appeal, you'll find a sturdy device that sets the
standard for future portable music players, including other iPods. The
larger-storage model holds about 1,000 songs or 25,000 photos. Best of all, its
solid-state design means songs won't skip no matter how hard you work or play.
($200-$250; http://www.apple.com/ipodnano/)

* Global Pet Finder -- Maybe your home is where the buffalo roam, but you still
don't want Fido straying too far. The Pet Finder employs both two-way wireless
and satellite-mapping technologies to keep your loved one on a leash, of a sort.
It slips onto your pet's collar and transmits locator signals to your computer
or mobile phone, telling you where your furry wanderer is at all times. ($350;
http://www.globalpetfinder.com/)

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - RIGHT: The Apple iMac G5 sells for $1,300 to $1,500.     PHOTO - ABOVE:
The Verizon LGVX 9088 costs $100-$250.     PHOTO - ABOVE: Have trouble keeping
track of your pet? Then you might want to try the Global Pet Finder for a mere
$350.    PHOTO - ABOVE: The Casio Exilim EX-S500 digital camera ranges from $279
to $400.     PHOTO - RIGHT: The Apple iPod nanos cost from $200-$250.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              500 of 820 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Buttons are responsive

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 195 words


The LG Cam Plus is a module that is meant to turn a smartphone into a
traditional point- and-shoot digital camera. It adds on a camera grip and zoom
wheel, as well as physical shutter, launch and record buttons.

The module itself is quite basic, with a flat, grey textured plastic handgrip
that covers about a third of the phone.

It is meant to be used with the phone in landscape mode, with the shutter and
record buttons on the top, the zoom wheel at the corner and the launch button on
the right.

While the additional grip does make the phone a little easier to handle with one
hand, it is not particularly ergonomic as it is completely flat, and reaching
the launch button during one-handed usage is a little tricky.

All the buttons are responsive, and the launch button works even when the phone
is locked.

However, I found that because of the low profile of the buttons and the very
smooth scrolling on the zoom wheel, there was very little tactile feedback
overall, and often I had to wait for an on-screen response to know if I had
pressed a button or not.

Its 1,200mAh battery also needs to be charged separately, and cannot draw power
from the G5 if it is flat.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The launch button on the Cam Plus works even when the phone is locked.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
