
                               51 of 64 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            October 30, 2005, Sunday

A new wave of digital cameras makes a splash

BYLINE: Nigel Atherton

SECTION: Features; News Review 8

LENGTH: 3067 words


Prices of digital cameras are falling fast, while an eye-catching new breed is
being designed to match specific lifestyles. Nigel Atherton outlines all you
need to know

This was the year the leading high-street retailer Dixons condemned the 35mm
film camera to the gadget graveyard. Annual sales of digital cameras were
outstripping film models by 15 to 1, and the tech- nology analyst Understanding
& Solutions now expects UK sales of digital cameras to rocket to 6.42m during
2005.

Digital photography brings convenience -as memory cards replace film and
processing -along with versatility that enables digital photos to be viewed in a
variety of ways, thanks to home printing, e-mail and album websites. Freed from
the commitment of paying to develop every picture, the digital snapper can bag a
cluster of shots, then decide later which to kill and which to keep. The
temptation is, of course, to fill up memory cards to achieve that perfect pic.

The advent of camera phones has forced camera manufacturers to up their game,
which is great for the consumer. Camphones may be improving, but they still have
physically smaller light sensors and lenses of lower quality. In short, they are
not yet "proper" cameras, so don't be deceived by claims made for them.

Digital cameras were once bought purely on their megapixel (Mp) count, but the
market has evolved so that most sub-£100 models have more than enough pixels to
yield a quality print; 5Mp are ample for all but the most demanding
photographer. A compact digicam that tries to squeeze too many megapixels onto
its relatively small sensor can create digital noise that ruins images, so as a
counterbalance, it is important for a camera to have a good processor, along
with a quality lens. The complete package is what counts.

The latest technology is inspiring manufacturers to target cameras at individual
lifestyles, such as a party animal who shoots in low-light venues, or an outdoor
adventurer who wants a tough-as-boots camera that defies the forces of nature.

Plunging camera prices -particularly at enthusiast level -bring ever higher
quality pictures for your money, plus ever more diverse technical features.

Freed from having to accommodate the 35mm film canister, makers are creating
entirely new shapes for camera bodies. Where once a zoom lens would have been
physically impossible to fit into a camera a centimetre deep, designers now turn
the lens vertically inside the camera body, mimicking a periscope. Many current
cameras exploit this innovation to squeeze in 3x optical magnification.

A new breed called the superzoom, pioneered by Panasonic, is growing in
popularity, as it offers a mid-sized body with 10x zoom, which is ideal for
sporting events or weddings, when you can't close in on the action. With these
bigger zooms has come clever image- stabilising technology, which, especially at
high magnifications, helps to reduce the camera shake that we inevitably suffer.
When taking pictures, experienced photographers stabilise themselves by
squeezing elbows against their bodies while viewing through an eyepiece, but
digital novices have a habit of holding the camera at arm's length to view the
LCD screen, which causes more shake. Fortunately, anti-shake technology has
trickled down to some compact cameras, but you can do your bit by keeping those
elbows tucked in.

Your first buying decision is between a pocket-friendly compact, designed for
the everyday point-and-shoot snapper, a superzoom, or the traditional quality of
a single-lens reflex (SLR) camera, which has a viewing system that enables you
to look through the lens itself and to frame a picture precisely.

SLRs will produce better-quality pictures for a variety of reasons and enable
you to change lenses, perhaps to a telephoto for shooting fast-moving deer at a
distance in Richmond Park, or to a wide-angle lens for capturing the sprawl of
Windsor Castle from nearby.

Once, no self-respecting photo enthusiast would be without an SLR, but up until
now, digital versions have cost thousands. The past year has seen a flood of
innovative models costing less than £1,000, and now, the first for under £500.
Such pricing has sparked a digital SLR boom that has manufacturers struggling to
meet demand.

In the pocket-snapshooter market, compacts are growing thinner, and viewfinders
are disappearing altogether as LCD screen sizes have grown in a year from an
average 1.5in across to about 2.5in, though this can shorten battery life.

As is clear from the cameras reviewed here, not all compacts are pure
point-and-shoot toys. Though simplicity is often a virtue, many compacts now
offer a keen number of manual features, fit for a variety of tasks. For example,
the hard-working estate agent may prefer the wide-angle lens and robust body of
the new Canon S80, while night owls will be glad to have red eye automatically
removed by a deceptively smart camera such as the HP 817.

Speed, or lack of it, was once a notorious drawback for most compact digital
cameras. You would press the shutter button and wait while the camera deigned to
take a picture, long after your children had vacated the bouncy castle. Most
digital cameras are now at least as fast as their film counterparts: check a
camera's specifications for the shortest possible delay, often only a few
hundredths of a second.

Built-in memory is making a comeback, after years of cost- cutting. It fell out
of favour when removable media cards arrived, but as costs fall, cameras
increasingly boast some built-in memory. Cheaper memory makes it fun to
experiment by taking as many pictures as you like at high resolution.

Before wafting your credit card at the camera with the most mega- pixels, take a
moment to think realistically about your needs. What type of subjects will you
generally be shooting? How likely are you to experiment with fancy manual
features? Do you really prize picture quality so much that you will be prepared
to carry around a larger and heavier SLR, rather than a compact? Do you want a
camera that can take widescreen images to show off on your new television? And
are you a bit of a klutz who would benefit from anti-shake technology?

Finally, with most big brands refreshing their ranges twice a year to stay
abreast of new technology, watch out for bargains among discontinued lines, but
stay sceptical about improvements claimed for an upgraded version. With so much
choice, the onus is on you to decide exactly what role you want a camera to play
in your life.

FASHION SNAPPER

KONICA MINOLTA DIMAGE X1 ****

Typically £300, or £250 from www.comet.co.uk

Fashionistas who fear the faux pas of unsheathing a clunky digicam at a launch
party can safely slip an X1 compact into their Gieves suit or Prada handbag. Not
only will the super-slim styling and sheer novelty factor turn heads, but its
design marries form with function. Available in silver, black or, for the
naughty at heart, red, this sexy beast's 8.1Mp chip makes for more than a pretty
face, and the anti-shake technology will help to counteract the wobbly effects
of an evening on the bubbly. This feature slightly slows down the speed at which
images are processed onto the memory card, and reviewing pics could be slicker,
but for trendsetters who want to look heavenly, yet retain down-to-earth
performance, the X1 is simply divine.

CAMERAPHOBE'S FRIEND

HP PHOTOSMART R817 *****

Typically £220, or £198 from www.cameras2u.com

If confusing camera menus make your heart sink like a stone, the sheer
simplicity of this HP compact will help to restore buoyancy. American digicams
have traditionally eschewed miniaturisation, and the R817 has welcome metallic
solidity, plus an elegant design. HP prides itself on innovation, and it
certainly delivers plenty of under-the-skin trickery, all within the collective
name of Real Life technologies. The R817 will automatically fix minor exposure
problems, turn red eyes black, and perform panoramic stitching, all handled
in-camera. It is not cheap, but with a fine-quality 5x Pentax lens and an
optional dock -for easy transfers to a computer -this 5.1Mp marvel provides
value, and will prove a serious ally to those seeking a simpler life.

PARTY ANIMAL'S PAL

FUJIFILM F10 ****

Typically £300, or £206 from www.amazon.co.uk

Parties the world over are punctuated by stroboscopic flashes, or curses if
misfires deliver dingy pics. Step forward the FinePix F10 compact, which eschews
Fuji's attempts to swell pixel counts artificially in favour of better low light
pictures (up to ISO 1600), meaning less need for flash. The side benefits are to
reduce camera shake and blurred snaps. This is all down to Fuji's new Real Photo
technology, which stars a potent processor. The F10 cranks into life in 1.3
seconds flat, can fire off 500 top-calibre 6.3Mp images, and, as it is built
like a squared-off brick of brushed metal, it will take a pasting without
complaint.

Enthusiasts might grumble at few manual features, but if the night-time is the
right time, the F10 belongs on your arm.

OUTDOOR ADVENTURER

PENTAX OPTIO WP ****

Typically £300, or £174 from www.pixmania.com

Ardent snorkellers will be rubbing their hands with glee to see a compact
digicam that is fully waterproof, if only to 5ft, with all its vulnerable parts
seriously protected and boasting an internal 3x optical zoom.

While Pentax's pocket snapper can take some rough-and-tumble, it is a touch
surprising not to find an effective mode to counter blue light effects
underwater. However, the WP remains a fine shockproof camera for water babes,
rock-hard climbers, thrill-seeking snowboarders and the hyperactive especially
so as the upgraded WPi (main picture) offers an enhanced 6Mp sensor.

GEEK ABOUT TOWN

KODAK EASYSHARE-ONE ****

£400 from www.dixons.co.uk

Kodak is synonymous with simple cameras, so it is surprising to find such an
innovative compact as the EasyShare-One, featuring a swivel-out 3in touchscreen
and built-in WiFi. It makes child's play of transferring pics onto a home
network, printing wirelessly or, best of all, e-mailing images straight from the
camera, within range of a WiFi hotspot. The EasyShare is full of clever ideas,
yet somehow remains a doddle to operate, even if the large LCD screen does drain
battery life and is hard to read in sunlight. A 4.2Mp sensor is modest by
current standards, but internal trickery means you will notice it only with
blown-up prints. The rugged metal casing is reassuringly heavy. For those who
like clever, easy to-use toys, this is the one.

FAMILY SLIDE SHOW

PANASONIC LX1 *****

Typically £400, or £360 from www.purelygadgets.com

Panasonic has a richly deserved reputation for its potent compact cameras, but
the innovative LX1 is the first to shoot genuine widescreen images in 16:9 ratio
- ideal for displaying on television -thanks to a new size of chip. The LX1 is
no one-trick pony, though. Factor in its posh Leica lens, optical image
stabilisation that is tiptop for the shaky-handed, and shutter speeds fast
enough to snare an RAF flyby, and it becomes one of the best-specified cameras
outside professional SLRs. With proper buttons reducing the need to delve into
those dreaded menus and trademark minimal shutter lag, this baby is no novelty
act, it's a star.

ENTHUSIAST'S BACKUP

OLYMPUS C70 ****

£300 (stockists 0800 072 0070)

Those who believe cameras shouldn't just be dinky toys, but don't fancy an SLR,
will love this 7.1Mp compact. With its ruggedly fashioned casing, clearly built
for adult-sized hands, the C70's traditional looks belie the technology it
showcases. Impressive manual features abound, right down to a handy power
control for flash. With a start-up time of less than two seconds, it is ready
for anything, and pictures are excellent, with less fringing than any other 7Mp
compact. The only niggles are the jerky zoom-control collar and an idiosyncratic
menu system. If these annoy, try the wide-angle Canon S80. Otherwise, the C70
scales the heights.

SCHOOL SPORTS-DAY CHAMP

SONY CYBER-SHOT DSC-H1 ****

Typically £500, or £277 from www.amazon.co.uk

Pity the parents unable to capture their child's delight at winning the sack
race -this is where the 12x optical zoom of the H1 earns its stripes. Indeed, a
new category of compact superzooms has emerged for those seeking a balance
between SLR performance and the simplicity of a compact. Though the H1's lens is
nonremovable, its speed and zoom (equivalent to 36mm-432mm) make it ideal for
action shots.

Those who baulk at its bulk will find the new Nikon S4 more compact, but this
5.1Mp Sony brute is well designed, with nifty image stabilisation that helps if
your hands tremble as junior breaks the tape.

WILDLIFE LOVER

NIKON D50 *****

Typically £600, or £410 (body only) from www.pixmania.com

The beauty of an SLR is customisation. Need a telephoto lens to capture an
osprey's flight, or a wide-angle for the majesty of the Fens? No problem.

Hankering for a flash gun? Simply clip one on. The D50 is the first digital
model (DSLR) to retail for under £500, but this 6.1Mp monster makes surprisingly
few compromises to its big brother, the D70. The casing is plastic and there are
fewer dials, along with handy new scene modes and a "help" button. Yet the D50
is far from basic: it is bursting with features, including Nikon's latest 3-D
colour metering, and it can blaze off 156 frames in 60 seconds. This is a
sensational sidekick to help you get serious about digital photography -without
breaking the bank.

ASPIRING SEMI-PRO

CANON EOS 20D *****

Typically £1,200, or £825 (body only) from www.cameraworld.co.uk

Part-time wedding snappers, or anybody who enjoys serious photography, will love
this 8.2Mp beauty. The price tag may be hefty, but it is amazing to find a DSLR
this good retailing for less than £1,000. Sheer versatility and a rugged metal
body impress, and the huge new sensor is the same CMOS type as Canon's top-end
models, as is the processor. All DSLRs magnify images from lenses; Canon's do so
by 1.6x -handy for zooms, not for wide-angles. The 20D shoots monochrome
pictures, with colour blooming, too. Button-placement quibbles aside, this is
untouchable.

WHAT TO LOOK FOR FIRST

* Decide whether to opt for a compact, superzoom or SLR. Don't go purely for a
camera with the most pixels: five megapixels are usually more than enough.

* Invest in more megapixels only if you are a dedicated enthusiast seeking
serious quality. This produces bigger image files -meaning fewer can be squeezed
onto a memory card -longer save times and slower printing.

* Judge the whole package.

Do you like the way the camera looks and feels? Will it fit into your pocket? Do
you need it to? Are all the buttons accessible? Are the viewfinder and the LCD
screen easy to see? Is the camera quick to respond when you focus or press the
shutter?

Is the zoom big enough and is it smooth? Does it feel well built?

* Consider Christmas gifts for children. A budget camera is ideal. They can snap
away at low resolutions without costing you a penny, while developing their
artistic and technological skills.

COMPACT -Pros Small and lightweight; widest choice, from beginners to
intermediates; increasingly specialised functions; affordable; can record video
clips.

Cons Small built-in flash, often positioned close to the lens, can lead to
harshly lit pictures or red eye; limited zoom; all-purpose fixed lens affects
image quality; can suffer delay between shots.

SUPERZOOM -Pros Optical zoom of at least 10x; often more manual features than a
compact; anti-shake technology; rugged.

Cons Non-changeable lens; large size; shutter speeds can suffer with higher zoom
settings.

SLR -Pros Best picture quality, fast focusing and shutter release; rapid
shooting at several frames per second; versatility of changeable lenses.

Cons Can be confusing; bulky and heavy; expensive, especially with extra lenses;
can't capture video; no instant picture preview.

HOW TO VIEW

* EDITING Banish red eye, improve brightness, or remove entire objects from
images with Picasa (picasa.google.co.uk) -photo-cataloguing software with simple
photo-editing tools. Gimp (www.gimp.org) is a free, yet high-quality,
image-editing package.

* PRINTING Epson's Stylus Photo R800 (£190 from www.amazon. co.uk) is an apt
choice. HP's top-value Photosmart 335 (£105 from www.argos.co.uk) and the
portable Samsung SPP-2040 (£129 from www.currys.co.uk) both produce excellent
results for 6in x 4in prints, without a computer. Simply plug in your memory
card and print. Alternatively, upload images to a website that prints images.
Prints cost from 7p each at www.photobox.co.uk, plus £1.50 delivery.

* SHARING Store pictures in online galleries, such as flickr.com or
www.fotolog.com, where you invite friends and family to view them. To connect
your camera to a television, use a standard S-Video cable or a photo viewer with
memory-card slots -SanDisk Photo Album (£34 from mymemory.co.uk) covers most
formats and has a remote control.

JARGON-BUSTER

Focal length Distance between camera sensor and centre of lens focused on
infinity. Longer focal length means greater magnification.

ISO number Measure of light sensitivity of a camera. The greater the number, the
less light required to shoot.

LCD Camera viewing screen.

Megapixel One million pixels (short for picture elements: tiny light-sensitive
cells that make up an image).

Memory card Removable card that stores pictures in various formats.

Optical zoom v digital Optical magnifies image without loss of quality; digital
enlarges part of the picture.

Resolution Number of pixels in a picture; higher pixel count means better
quality image.

Sensor Light-sensitive grid of pixels that has replaced film in digital cameras.

* For more digital jargon, see www.dpreview.com

NEXT WEEK: LATEST NOTEBOOK COMPUTERS

Consult our index at www.sunday-times.co.uk/doors for recent guides:

all you need to know about home cinema (Oct 9), digital television (Oct 16) and
digital TV recorders (Oct 23)

Maximum rating *****

Prices include Vat and delivery. Reviews adapted from What Digital Camera
magazine


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Doors

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                               52 of 64 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                November 4, 2016

                               NVIDIA Corporation

                           2701 San Tomas Expressway
                               Santa Clara 95050
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In January, CES--Volvo Cars deployed the NVIDIA DRIVE PX 2 deep learning-
based computing engine to power a fleet of 100 Volvo XC90 SUVs.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, IBM has declared parnership with Nvidia team up to launch a new
server purpose-built for machine learning.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, NVIDIA partnered with Microsoft to teach robotics.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into a partnership with SMI, to power its
perceptually-based foveated rendering technique which will be showcased next
week at Siggraph 2016 in Anaheim, California.

2016 - Corporate Awards

   The company received 'NVIDIA Tesla M40 GPU' and 'NVIDIA Jetson TX1 module'
hauling in Gold Awards and the 'NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV' clinching a Category
Award.

2016 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company announced the opening of a new office in New Jersey, for
developing software for self-driving cars on our artificial intelligence DRIVE
PX platform.

2016 - New Products/Services

   In April, the company with Epic Games announced Unreal engine 4.11 with
Multi-Res Shading to enhance the performance in VR games and applications.

2016 - New Products/Services

   In August. NVIDIA Corporation launched Parker, a mobiile processor that will
power the next generation of autonomous vehicles.

2016 - New Products/Services

   In January, the company launched the new DRIVE PX 2 that provides
supercomputer-class performance.

2016 - New Products/Services

   In May, the company unveiled GeForce GTX 1080, first gaming GPU based on
pascal architecture to offer leaps in performance, memory bandwidth and power
efficiency.

2016 - New Products/Services

   The company introduced NVIDIA GRID with a new NVIDIAÂ® TeslaÂ® M10 GPU,
provides the industry's highest user density, supports 64 desktops per board and
128 desktops per server.

2016 - New Products/Services

   The company launched NVIDIA DGX-1, the world's first deep learning
supercomputer to meet the unlimited computing demands of artificial
intelligence.

2016 - New Products/Services

   The company launched palm-sized, energy-efficient artificial intelligence
computer for self-driving cars and mapping.

2016 - Others

   The company along with Vanedge Capital and Verizon Ventures invested US$10
million in MapD Technologies, a GPU-powered data analytics and visualization
software company in San Francisco, California, the US.

2015 - Commercial Operation

   In December, Facebook adopted NVIDIA Tesla M40 GPU accelerators to train deep
neural networks.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In April, ockstar Games' Grand Theft Auto V for the PC selected NVIDIA's two
GameWorks technologies; NVIDIA Percentage Closer Soft Shadows (PCSS) and NVIDIA
TXAA.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In April, The Oak Ridge National Laboratory's summit to be powered by
NVIDIA's Volta GPU architecture, which features an advanced technology, NVLink.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In July, IBM in collaboration with NVIDIA and two U.S. Department of Energy
National Laboratories launched two centres for excellence for supercomputing at
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Oak Ridge National Laboratory.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In October, the company's product, Tegra X1 to bring Maxwell-Powered Graphics
and Gaming to Google's New Pixel C.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, Microsoft agreed to offer NVIDIA GPU-enabled professional
graphics applications through its cloud platform, Microsoft Azure.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company collaborated with IBM and Mellanox to establish a POWER
Acceleration and Design Center in Montpellier, France.

2015 - Corporate Awards

   The company's NVIDIA SHIELD was recognized by Popular Science for the Best of
What's New award in the entertainment category at the Popular Science's 2015
Best of What's New awards.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In April, the company introduced Graphics Monster with new Quadro M6000.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In January, Nvidia announced two computing platforms for cars.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In January, the company revealed Drive CX, a digital cockpit for cars.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In March, Nvidia unveiled Titan X GPU for 4K gaming.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In March, the company has launched NVIDIA SHIELD, the world's first Android
TV console.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In May, the company introduced GeForce Game Ready drivers.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In September, Tesla Motors introduced its Model X

2015 - Plans/Strategy

   In March, Nvidia announced plans to launch a 1080p game-streaming
subscription service.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company collaborated with VMware to deliver 3D graphics on virtualized
desktops and applications delivered through the cloud.

2014 - New Products/Services

   In July, the company has launched a new Android-based gaming device.

2014 - New Products/Services

   The company launched first mobile supercomputer for embedded systems and
SHIELD tablet built for gaming

2014 - Plans/Strategy

   The company plans to integrate a high-speed interconnect, called NVIDIA
NVLink, by 2016.

2014 - Research Grant

   The company received grant worth $18 million from the U.S. Department of
Energy for Exascale Computing Research.

2013 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company collaborated with IBM on GPU-accelerated versions of IBM's
portfolio of enterprise software applications

2013 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into partnership with Ubisoft to offer PC games

2013 - New Products/Services

   NVIDIA introduced NVIDIA Tegra 4i, a fully integrated 4G LTE mobile processor
and Chimera, mobile computational photography architecture.

2013 - New Products/Services

   NVIDIA launched NVIDIA Tesla K40 GPU, the world's highest performance
accelerator and NVIDIA Quadro K6000 GPU, the fastest and most capable GPU for
visual computing.

2013 - New Products/Services

   The company launched NVIDIA GRID Visual Computing Appliance to deliver
ultra-fast GPU performance.

2013 - New Products/Services

   The company launched NVIDIA Tegra 4, the world's fastest mobile processor.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   In February, NVIDIA Corp. had signed a patent license agreement with Rambus
Inc. to make use of Rambus patented innovations in a broad range of integrated
circuit (IC) products offered by NVIDIA for a period of five years.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   In February, the company had entered into partnership with Cypress
Semiconductor Corp. to provide touchscreen designs for android based mobile
devices.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   In May, NVIDIA had entered into agreement with Eurotech SpA to expand the
Eurotech Aurora supercomputer product line with new energy-efficient,
high-performance GPU-accelerated systems.

2012 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into partnership with Intellectual Ventures to acquire
portfolio of wireless patent assets owned by IPWireless.

2011 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   In June, the company acquired Icera, a leading innovator of top-performing
wireless modems for 3G and 4G cellular phones and tablets.

2011 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company entered into partnership with VMware, Inc.

2011 - New Products/Services

   In September, the company introduced a new technology named, NVIDIA GPUDirect
for Video, which enables application developers to deliver higher quality, more
realistic on-air graphics or take faster advantage of the parallel processing
power of the GPU for image processing.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company and Audi entered into a contract to install NVIDIA GPUs power the
navigation and entertainment systems in all 2010 Audi vehicles worldwide

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company and Panasonic collaborated on its coast-to-coast 2010 Panasonic
Touch the Future Tour.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company and University of Illinois collaborated to introduce textbook on
programming massively parallel processors

2010 - New Products/Services

   The company introduced new line of Quadro professional graphics solutions for
mobile workstations.

2010 - New Products/Services

   The company launched the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 465.

2010 - New Products/Services

   The company launched the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 480 and GeForce GTX 470 as the
first products of its Fermi line of consumer products.

2010 - Plans/Strategy

   The company introduced new research, training and certification programs for
developers focused on GPU computing.

2009 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company and Adobe Systems Incorporated collaborated to optimize and
enable Adobe Flash Player.

2009 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company collaborated with Microsoft to make premium, low-cost PCs.

2009 - Contracts/Agreements

   The company signed a license agreement for PLAYSTATION3 with Sony Computer
Entertainment Inc.

2009 - New Products/Services

   The company launched Quadro Digital Video Pipeline, the industry's first
integrated GPU-based platform.

2008 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   NVIDIA acquired AGEIA, and Mental Images.

2008 - Others

   The company was named in BusinessWeek Top 50 List, and Fortune's Most Admired
Companies List.

2007 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   NVIDIA acquired PortalPlayer.

2006 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   NVIDIA acquired Hybrid Graphics Ltd.; the leading developer of embedded 2D
and 3D graphics software for handheld devices, and ULi Electronics Inc.; core
logic developers.

2003 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company acquired Media Q, a provider of Graphics and Multimedia
Technology for Wireless.

2001 - Others

   The company was named the Fastest Semi-Conductor company to hit USD$1 billion
in revenues.

2001 - Stock Listings/IPO

   Th company was added to S&P 500.

2000 - Asset Purchase

   NVIDIA acquired the assets of 3dfx Graphics.

1999 - Stock Listings/IPO

   The company went for an Initial Public Offering.

1998 - New Products/Services

   The company introduced the First Multitexturing 3D Processor NVIDIA RIVA TNT.


1995 - New Products/Services

   NVIDIA launched its first product, NV1.

1993 - Incorporation/Establishment

   NVIDIA Corporation was incorporated.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
Financial Ratios                        History
Key Employee Biographies                Key Employees
Key Facts                               Locations and Subsidiaries
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016


                               53 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

$50,000 worth of prizes to be won;
Choose your favourite gadgets from last year and you may be rewarded in Digital
Life's annual awards.

BYLINE: Seow Tein Hee

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Specials; DL Awards 2013

LENGTH: 1890 words


Stand a chance to win prizes worth more than $50,000 when you vote for your
favourite gadgets and games in The Straits Times Digital Life Readers' Choice
Awards 2013 at Straitstimes.com/STI/DLAwards2013.

The DL team has shortlisted the finalists across 24 categories but it is you,
the DL reader, who will decide which gadgets and games will emerge victorious.
Be rewarded for your votes and stand a chance to win these great prizes:

First prize (worth $10,187)

Samsung 55" ES8000 Series 8 Smart 3D Full HD LED TV and Samsung HT-E6750 Home
Theatre System

Second prize (worth $4,699)

LG 55" Cinema 3D Smart TV 55LM8600

Third prize (worth $2,399)

Fujifilm X100 camera

Fourth prize (worth $1,588)

Focal Bird 2.1 sound system

Fifth prize (worth $1,248)

Olympus Pen E-PL3 DZK camera with 14-42mm II R and 40-150mm R lenses

Sixth prize (worth $1,099)

Lenovo IdeaPad U310 Ultrabook

Seventh prize (worth $1,078)

Convergent DIY desktop system (Thermaltake Commander MS-III + Corsair DDR3 RAM
4GB x 2 + AMD A10 with Asus F2-A85-M Pro + Force Series GT 90GB SSD + Antec 620
water cooler + Antec HCG520 PSU + Philips 23" LCD monitor)

Eighth prize (worth $868)

HTC One X+

Ninth prize (worth $699)

Sennheiser PXC 360 BT

Tenth prize (worth $699)

Canon PowerShot G15

There are over 100 prizes to be won. Visit the DL Awards 2013 voting site for
the full list of prizes.

Multiple votes are allowed but each voter will be eligible for only one prize in
the final lucky draw held on Feb 20. Winners will be announced on the Digital
Life Facebook page by the end of next month and notified via their e-mail
address.

So start clicking and may your favourite gadgets be the winners at the DL Awards
2013.

MOST VOTES TO DATE

Best Smartphones

Best Overall Smartphone

Apple iPhone 5

It is a close fight between Apple's latest iPhone and the Samsung juggernaut,
the Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE. But the votes speak for themselves: The iOS
device with a 4-inch display and powered by a dual-core processor is taking the
lead as the favourite smartphone.

The other nominees

HTC One X
Nokia Lumia 920
Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE
Samsung Galaxy S III

Best Android Smartphone

Samsung Galaxy S III

Samsung had a good run with its Galaxy S II, so it is no surprise to see the
third Galaxy S smartphone taking the lead in the Readers' Choice.

Readers were most likely won over by its generous 4.8-inch display, powerful
quad-core processor and intelligent features.

The other nominees

Asus PadFone 2
HTC One X
LG Optimus 4X HD
Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE

Best LTE Smartphone

Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE

Leading the pack of relatively new LTE smartphones is the Samsung Galaxy Note II
LTE. Features, such as a massive 5.5-inch Super Amoled display and a powerful
3,100mAh battery to withstand the power drain from constant data downloads, have
proven to be popular with the voters.

The other nominees

HTC One XL
Nokia Lumia 920
Samsung Galaxy S III LTE
HTC Windows Phone 8X by HTC

Best Tablets

Best Tablet [Above nine inches]

Apple iPad (4th generation)

Apple's strong ecosystem, plus a high-resolution display on its fourth
generation iPad, which has an improved Apple A6X dual-core processor, are just
some of the reasons why the Apple tablet is leading the race in the Readers'
Choice.

The other nominees

Asus Transformer Pad TF300
Asus VivoTab RT
Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1
Sony Xperia Tablet S

Best Tablet [Below nine inches]

Apple iPad mini

Apple's decision to go with a smaller 7.9-inch display in the iPad mini is
proving to be a success, seeing how the smaller Apple tablet is now taking the
lead for tablets under nine inches. Apple fans have definitely shown their
approval for the lighter Apple device which is easy to handle.

The other nominees

Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7
Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 LTE
Sony Tablet P

Best Android Tablet

Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1

The supply of Android tablets has been healthy but only one tablet stands out.
The Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1's unique multi-tasking feature, plus the intuitive
S Pen that captures, crops and sends e-mail in a single step, has made it the
definitive Android tablet.

The other nominees

Asus Transformer Pad TF300
Google Nexus 7
Motorola Xoom 2
Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1

Best Laptops

Best thin & light laptop

Asus Zenbook Touch

During the inaugural DL Awards last year, the Asus Zenbook proved to be the most
popular thin and light laptop. Once again, the Asus Zenbook Touch takes the lead
with improvements such as a vivid full high-definition touchscreen and wider
viewing angles from its in-plane switching panel display.

The other nominees

Samsung Series 9 (13.3 inches)
HP Spectre XT
Acer Aspire S7
Dell XPS 13

Best Gaming Laptop

Razer Blade (2012)

True to its gaming reputation, the newly improved Razer Blade, with an updated
Intel Core i7 processor and Nvidia GeForce GTX 660M graphics processor, is a
powerful beast that comes with customisable Switchblade keys to suit the needs
of the professional gamer.

The other nominees

Lenovo IdeaPad Y580
Toshiba Qosmio X870
Dell Alienware M17X
Aftershock Titan

Best Hybrid Laptop

Dell XPS 12 Ultrabook

Swivelling its way to the top spot is the Dell XPS 12 Ultrabook. The convertible
laptop comes with a screen that can be flipped away from you, thus transforming
it into a tablet form factor. Other than a wide-angle high-definition in-plane
switching display, the unit is also well-protected against knocks by its carbon
fibre body.

The other nominees

HP Envy x2
Samsung Ativ Smart PC Pro
Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13
Sony Vaio Duo 11

Best Business Laptop

Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon

The carbon fibre body is just one of the many strengths of the Lenovo ThinkPad
X1 Carbon. Its 14-inch display offers a high resolution of 1,600 x 900 pixels
and has a slew of features that are designed for business users who need a
portable laptop on-the-go.

The other nominees

Dell Latitude 6430u
Toshiba Portege Z930
HP EliteBook Folio 9470m Ultrabook
Fujitsu Lifebook U772

Best Mainstream Laptop

HP Pavilion dv6

The refreshed HP Pavilion dv6 gets an updated third-generation Intel Core
processor, with a more powerful Nvidia GT 650M graphics for heavy multimedia
usage. Its matte display, along with a Blu-ray combo drive, are offered at a
mid-range price that makes it affordable and adequate for daily use.

The other nominees

Acer Aspire Timeline Ultra M5
Dell XPS 14 Ultrabook
Samsung Series 5 14" Ultra
Sony Vaio T

Best Compact Prosumer

Canon PowerShot S110

Weighing less than 200g, the Canon PowerShot S110 is definitely a compact
camera. But it is not stingy with features, with a 5x optical zoom built into
it. It also comes with Wi-Fi capabilities and a touchscreen display to up the
ante against its competitors.

The other nominees

Fujifilm XF1
Olympus Stylus XZ-2
Samsung Smart Camera EX2F
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100

Best Cameras

Best Mirrorless

Canon EOS M

Though Canon is a relatively new player in the mirrorless camera market, its EOS
M has been the talk of the town. Its slim 33mm profile and the ability to use
Canon's catalogue of DSLR lenses make it a hot favourite among photography
lovers.

The other nominees

Fujifilm X-E1
Olympus OM-D E-M5
Panasonic Lumix DMC-G5
Sony Alpha Nex-6

Best DSLR [APS-C]

Canon EOS 650D

Canon introduced a touchscreen display to its DSLR line-up for the first time
with the EOS 650D. Movies are recorded with stereo sound, delivering a true
cinematic experience, while its autofocus continues even when the camera shifts
from photo to movie mode.

The other nominees

Nikon D3200
Pentax K-30
Pentax K-5 II
Sony Alpha SLT-A57

Best DSLR [full-frame]

Canon EOS 5D Mark III

Equipped with a 22.3-megapixel full-frame Canon CMOS sensor and Canon's latest
DIGIC 5+ Image Processor, the EOS 5D Mark III is a popular choice among
photography buffs for another reason: Its sturdy, magnesium ally chassis, which
protects it from rain and dust, makes it suitable for the great outdoors and all
forms of heavy-duty handling.

The other nominees

Canon EOS-1D X
Nikon D4
Nikon D600
Sony Alpha SLT-A99

Best Compact Mainstream

Canon Digital Ixus 510 HS

Fitting a 12x optical zoom in this 20mm thick compact camera is no easy feat.
That is why the Canon Digital Ixus 510 HS, equipped with a touchscreen that
occupies the camera's rear, and a 10.1-megapixel CMOS sensor, has garnered a
substantial number of votes to date.

The other nominees

Fujifilm FinePix F800EXR
Nikon Coolpix S9300
Olympus Tough TG-1
Sony Cyber-shot DSC-TX66

Best Audio

Best Headphones

Sennheiser HD 700

Sennheiser's strong audio legacy has been reaffirmed by its lead in the best
headphones category. The premium Sennheiser HD 700 creates a wonderful sound
stage through its warm accurate tones and serves all serious audiophiles who
want the best in audio reproduction well.

The other nominees

V-moda Crossfade LP2
Klipsch Mode M40
Monster Diesel Vektr
Parrot Zik

Best Earphones

Klipsch Image S4i (II)

Delivering rich music with crystal clear vocals, the Klipsch Image S4i (II) is
designed for comfort with its firm yet easy-to-fit earbuds. Packing these
earphones is easy with the help of its flat, tangle-free cables.

The other nominees

Logitech UE900
Monster iSport
Shure SE215 Special Edition
Sol Republic Amps HD

Best Games

Best Overall Game

Halo 4

Master Chief's triumphant return is mirrored by the lead taken by Halo 4 in the
best overall game category. The work done by the new development team 343
Industries has been duly recognised by Halo fans, who enjoyed countless hours
blasting enemies with Master Chief.

The other nominees

Assassin's Creed III
Mass Effect 3
XCom: Enemy Unknown
Diablo III

Best Shooter

Halo 4

With its lead in the best overall game, it is no surprise to see Halo 4 taking
the top spot once more in the Best Shooter category. Its gameplay longevity
through downloadable episodic content and a well-written plot are clearly the
reasons for its lead in the categories.

The other nominees

Borderlands 2
Call Of Duty: Black Ops II
Far Cry 3
Natural Selection 2

Best Action Adventure

Assassin's Creed III

Taking a more action-oriented route proved to be a good move for Assassin's
Creed III. The action-adventure game retains the same suspense and drama you
expect from the stealth-action franchise, mixed with the right amount of killing
that makes it worthy of the franchise name.

The other nominees

Sleeping Dogs
Lego Batman 2 DC Super Heroes
Hitman: Absolution
XCom: Enemy Unknown

Best RPG

Diablo III

Gamers, who spent countless nights advancing their characters through dungeons,
gathering awesome loot and challenging themselves at higher difficulty levels,
have given the thumbs up to the long-awaited role-playing game from Blizzard.

The other nominees

Guild Wars 2
Mass Effect 3
Torchlight II
Final Fantasy XIII-2

Best Racing/Sports

Fifa 13

Fifa 13's enhanced gameplay takes a player's weight, height and point of
collision into consideration, making the game much more realistic for football
fanatics. Each player's face and his club jersey gets reproduced with superb
clarity and accuracy, adding to the realism for football fans.

The other nominees

F1 2012
Forza Horizon
NBA 2K13
Need For Speed: Most Wanted

Special Award

Best Innovative Product

Xbox SmartGlass

This companion app is more than a secondary screen for the Xbox console. It also
allows you to access your movies, music and games with a few taps on the app.
The app, which is supported on iOS, Android and Windows Phone platforms, is a
must-have for all Xbox console owners.

The other nominees

Lytro
Samsung Galaxy Camera
TactSlider Tornado
Wonderbook: Book Of Spells

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               54 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

CableLabs CEO McKinney discusses the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout, carrier-grade Wi-Fi and
4K

LENGTH: 1365  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Fierce Markets Inc has issued the following news release:

Former Hewlett-Packard CTO Phil McKinney was hired as president and CEO of the
research consortium CableLabs 28 months ago to pick up the pace of innovation in
the cable industry.

A self-described "innovation guy," McKinney came in with a mandate from cable
CEOs to accelerate product cycles across DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, set-tops, 4K and other
industry initiatives. And McKinney seems to be accomplishing the mission of
turning the cable industry into something at least vaguely familiar with the
torrid evolutionary pace of Silicon Valley

On the occasion of his third CES as CableLabs chief, FierceCable caught up with
McKinney in Las Vegas and discussed the broad topic of cable industry
innovation.

FierceCable: So did you join the cable industry during a period of abject panic?

Phil McKinney: What they recognized was that the pace of innovation,
particularly in the customers' minds with things like the iPhone and how fast
devices were cycling, the cable industry got itself pinned into this perspective
of being old and stodgy and not cool. Cable has been around for a long time, and
people have a long history with it. This isn't a thing we're you're going to
come in, click your heels and change the whole perception of the industry. When
I came in June 2012, you had things like Google Fiber ramping up. I looked at
the innovation rate in the industry and it was incredibly slow. Take DOCSIS, for
instance. Every generation--1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.--averaged four and a half years
between new generations. That's three Moore's Law cycles. I come from Silicon
Valley, and you're dead if you miss one Moore's Law cycle. So that's when we
kicked off DOCSIS 3.1. You could call it brilliance or stupidity, but I stood up
and made the proclamation that we'd do DOCSIS 3.1 in two and a half years. And
the industry just crucified me. They were like, 'Ah, he's the new guy ... he
doesn't quite understand.'

FC: It seems like the cable industry has become a little more innovative, too.
Comcast seems to view itself as a technology company now, for example.

McKinney: You do have the multiyear investment in X1. You look at the
aggressiveness of Cox, Suddenlink, GCI and others are showing for gigabit
services today. And you look at some of our European members--some of them have
overbuilt with fiber already. It isn't like fiber is coming--fiber is here. You
look at what's happening in other parts of the world, whether it be in
developing countries or in very, very large nations. We now have members in
China, Taiwan and Japan, for example, all with different issues and challenges,
but all focusing on how do I pick up my pace at which I can identify, adopt and
deploy to my customers the latest and greatest. And part of doing that isn't
popping a flag up and saying I'm going to be more innovative and faster, you
have to have a certain set of structures in place. You have to have leadership
that understands innovation. You have to have the law of patience--it takes
longer than you think, and you've got to be willing to stick it out. You've got
to have resources to invest.

FC: The latter seems to be the thing that breaks a lot of will.

McKinney: Well, yeah, it does. The innovation game has what we call "The Rule of
18." I can get any executive interested in some new shiny object, they get all
pumped up, and they go, 'Oh yeah, we'll find money,' and they fund it. You get
to the first budget cycle for the next year and they'll continue to fund it.
That next budget cycle, if that thing isn't shipping and generating a billion
dollars, they kill it. They don't have the patience to stick it out.

FC: How does this apply to the cable industry?

McKinney: Well, the cable industry doesn't shy away from writing big checks.
Over the last 10 years, the cable industry has spent $200 billion just on the
network in the U.S. It's the largest privately funded real estate project in the
history of the United States. You can't just say I ran out of capacity on
Friday, so I'm going to put more capacity in and make it available on Monday.
The planning cycles are different. You have to dig ditches, you have to lay
fiber, you have to string fiber on the pole, you have to deploy new services.
That's why the cable industry is on a three-year planning cycle.

FC: So now that it looks like DOCSIS 3.1 is getting close to deployment, what's
the next big heavy lift for CableLabs?

McKinney: DOCSIS today isn't even our largest R&D spend. The specification is
done. Now we get into interops and device certification. We have the second
interop for DOCSIS coming in a couple of weeks. All the vendors come to
CableLabs, we'll plug them in together and ask, 'Will this device work with this
other vendor's device?' and all those other kinds of things. All the members are
anxious for their trials to begin. The key for CableLabs is interoperability, so
we can get that universal scale and overall reliability of the services that are
built upon that platform.

FC: So what else are you focused on besides DOCSIS?

McKinney: Wi-Fi in particular is becoming critical. If you look at what's going
on inside customers' homes. In the cable industry, we have over 6 million public
access points available across the U.S. Cable is the largest provider of public
Wi-Fi in the United States. If you look at the total amount of wireless data
that's transported--more goes over cable-enabled Wi-Fi than even over cellular
networks.

FC: Why is Wi-Fi such a focus right now for MSOs?

McKinney: Consumers want to take their broadband with them. They don't want
their broadband services to stop at the front door. And when you look at
customer satisfaction levels, you look at churn rates, you see repeatedly that
if customers are users of Wi-Fi outside the home, their satisfaction is higher
overall.

FC: Could this be a game-changer for TV Everywhere?

McKinney: Wi-Fi is what we call periodic service. It's not ubiquitous coverage.
If I'm in my car, and I'm driving down the street, and I'm expecting my kids to
stream video or music, whether it's YouTube or anything else, you're not going
to have that because of the handoff between access points.

FC: When will that technical limitation be overcome?

McKinney: Next-generation wireless, which is what we call carrier-grade Wi-Fi,
does these handoffs, which is one option. The other option is LTE unlicensed.
Take the LTE technology that is used in cell phones today for offering 4G
services, then run it in the unlicensed spectrum. LTE is designed for ubiquitous
coverage--good system speeds over wide areas, so I can do hand-offs. But there's
lots of complications to make that happen--that's three, four, five years out.
Today, what we're focusing on, is when you connect to Wi-Fi, you get the speed
that you really want. And to also have the Wi-Fi be where you really want
it--work, parks, shopping malls. It's not about doing a replacement of cellular,
where I'm offering coverage everywhere. It's strategic placements.

FC: Can you talk about the R&D CableLabs is undertaking in regard to 4K?

McKinney: We do a lot of what we call user quality perception testing. There's
all kinds of science on what makes a good image. But the human eye and the human
brain is not easily quantifiable in that context. So we do full isolation
compliance testing where we bring in random consumers. We also deal with
compression technologies cable operators use when they're delivering 4K content.
We're trying to find what is it that is going to be the trigger point where
consumers say, 'I gotta have 4K.' And the work today is also on high dynamic
range, not just number of pixels. We're color mastering video now to high
dynamic range for human perception testing.

FC: Where do you get 4K content for testing?

McKinney: We shoot our own 4K. We bring in cinematographers, film students. We
have our own Red cameras. We shoot things like the balloon festival in Colorado.
Then we make that video available for free as part of test content. But we also
make it available to consumers who have new TVs and nothing to watch on them.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               55 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

CableLabs CEO McKinney discusses the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout, carrier-grade Wi-Fi and
4K

LENGTH: 1365  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Fierce Markets Inc has issued the following news release:

Former Hewlett-Packard CTO Phil McKinney was hired as president and CEO of the
research consortium CableLabs 28 months ago to pick up the pace of innovation in
the cable industry.

A self-described "innovation guy," McKinney came in with a mandate from cable
CEOs to accelerate product cycles across DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, set-tops, 4K and other
industry initiatives. And McKinney seems to be accomplishing the mission of
turning the cable industry into something at least vaguely familiar with the
torrid evolutionary pace of Silicon Valley

On the occasion of his third CES as CableLabs chief, FierceCable caught up with
McKinney in Las Vegas and discussed the broad topic of cable industry
innovation.

FierceCable: So did you join the cable industry during a period of abject panic?

Phil McKinney: What they recognized was that the pace of innovation,
particularly in the customers' minds with things like the iPhone and how fast
devices were cycling, the cable industry got itself pinned into this perspective
of being old and stodgy and not cool. Cable has been around for a long time, and
people have a long history with it. This isn't a thing we're you're going to
come in, click your heels and change the whole perception of the industry. When
I came in June 2012, you had things like Google Fiber ramping up. I looked at
the innovation rate in the industry and it was incredibly slow. Take DOCSIS, for
instance. Every generation--1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.--averaged four and a half years
between new generations. That's three Moore's Law cycles. I come from Silicon
Valley, and you're dead if you miss one Moore's Law cycle. So that's when we
kicked off DOCSIS 3.1. You could call it brilliance or stupidity, but I stood up
and made the proclamation that we'd do DOCSIS 3.1 in two and a half years. And
the industry just crucified me. They were like, 'Ah, he's the new guy ... he
doesn't quite understand.'

FC: It seems like the cable industry has become a little more innovative, too.
Comcast seems to view itself as a technology company now, for example.

McKinney: You do have the multiyear investment in X1. You look at the
aggressiveness of Cox, Suddenlink, GCI and others are showing for gigabit
services today. And you look at some of our European members--some of them have
overbuilt with fiber already. It isn't like fiber is coming--fiber is here. You
look at what's happening in other parts of the world, whether it be in
developing countries or in very, very large nations. We now have members in
China, Taiwan and Japan, for example, all with different issues and challenges,
but all focusing on how do I pick up my pace at which I can identify, adopt and
deploy to my customers the latest and greatest. And part of doing that isn't
popping a flag up and saying I'm going to be more innovative and faster, you
have to have a certain set of structures in place. You have to have leadership
that understands innovation. You have to have the law of patience--it takes
longer than you think, and you've got to be willing to stick it out. You've got
to have resources to invest.

FC: The latter seems to be the thing that breaks a lot of will.

McKinney: Well, yeah, it does. The innovation game has what we call "The Rule of
18." I can get any executive interested in some new shiny object, they get all
pumped up, and they go, 'Oh yeah, we'll find money,' and they fund it. You get
to the first budget cycle for the next year and they'll continue to fund it.
That next budget cycle, if that thing isn't shipping and generating a billion
dollars, they kill it. They don't have the patience to stick it out.

FC: How does this apply to the cable industry?

McKinney: Well, the cable industry doesn't shy away from writing big checks.
Over the last 10 years, the cable industry has spent $200 billion just on the
network in the U.S. It's the largest privately funded real estate project in the
history of the United States. You can't just say I ran out of capacity on
Friday, so I'm going to put more capacity in and make it available on Monday.
The planning cycles are different. You have to dig ditches, you have to lay
fiber, you have to string fiber on the pole, you have to deploy new services.
That's why the cable industry is on a three-year planning cycle.

FC: So now that it looks like DOCSIS 3.1 is getting close to deployment, what's
the next big heavy lift for CableLabs?

McKinney: DOCSIS today isn't even our largest R&D spend. The specification is
done. Now we get into interops and device certification. We have the second
interop for DOCSIS coming in a couple of weeks. All the vendors come to
CableLabs, we'll plug them in together and ask, 'Will this device work with this
other vendor's device?' and all those other kinds of things. All the members are
anxious for their trials to begin. The key for CableLabs is interoperability, so
we can get that universal scale and overall reliability of the services that are
built upon that platform.

FC: So what else are you focused on besides DOCSIS?

McKinney: Wi-Fi in particular is becoming critical. If you look at what's going
on inside customers' homes. In the cable industry, we have over 6 million public
access points available across the U.S. Cable is the largest provider of public
Wi-Fi in the United States. If you look at the total amount of wireless data
that's transported--more goes over cable-enabled Wi-Fi than even over cellular
networks.

FC: Why is Wi-Fi such a focus right now for MSOs?

McKinney: Consumers want to take their broadband with them. They don't want
their broadband services to stop at the front door. And when you look at
customer satisfaction levels, you look at churn rates, you see repeatedly that
if customers are users of Wi-Fi outside the home, their satisfaction is higher
overall.

FC: Could this be a game-changer for TV Everywhere?

McKinney: Wi-Fi is what we call periodic service. It's not ubiquitous coverage.
If I'm in my car, and I'm driving down the street, and I'm expecting my kids to
stream video or music, whether it's YouTube or anything else, you're not going
to have that because of the handoff between access points.

FC: When will that technical limitation be overcome?

McKinney: Next-generation wireless, which is what we call carrier-grade Wi-Fi,
does these handoffs, which is one option. The other option is LTE unlicensed.
Take the LTE technology that is used in cell phones today for offering 4G
services, then run it in the unlicensed spectrum. LTE is designed for ubiquitous
coverage--good system speeds over wide areas, so I can do hand-offs. But there's
lots of complications to make that happen--that's three, four, five years out.
Today, what we're focusing on, is when you connect to Wi-Fi, you get the speed
that you really want. And to also have the Wi-Fi be where you really want
it--work, parks, shopping malls. It's not about doing a replacement of cellular,
where I'm offering coverage everywhere. It's strategic placements.

FC: Can you talk about the R&D CableLabs is undertaking in regard to 4K?

McKinney: We do a lot of what we call user quality perception testing. There's
all kinds of science on what makes a good image. But the human eye and the human
brain is not easily quantifiable in that context. So we do full isolation
compliance testing where we bring in random consumers. We also deal with
compression technologies cable operators use when they're delivering 4K content.
We're trying to find what is it that is going to be the trigger point where
consumers say, 'I gotta have 4K.' And the work today is also on high dynamic
range, not just number of pixels. We're color mastering video now to high
dynamic range for human perception testing.

FC: Where do you get 4K content for testing?

McKinney: We shoot our own 4K. We bring in cinematographers, film students. We
have our own Red cameras. We shoot things like the balloon festival in Colorado.
Then we make that video available for free as part of test content. But we also
make it available to consumers who have new TVs and nothing to watch on them.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               56 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

CableLabs CEO McKinney discusses the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout, carrier-grade Wi-Fi and
4K

LENGTH: 1365  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Fierce Markets Inc has issued the following news release:

Former Hewlett-Packard CTO Phil McKinney was hired as president and CEO of the
research consortium CableLabs 28 months ago to pick up the pace of innovation in
the cable industry.

A self-described "innovation guy," McKinney came in with a mandate from cable
CEOs to accelerate product cycles across DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, set-tops, 4K and other
industry initiatives. And McKinney seems to be accomplishing the mission of
turning the cable industry into something at least vaguely familiar with the
torrid evolutionary pace of Silicon Valley

On the occasion of his third CES as CableLabs chief, FierceCable caught up with
McKinney in Las Vegas and discussed the broad topic of cable industry
innovation.

FierceCable: So did you join the cable industry during a period of abject panic?

Phil McKinney: What they recognized was that the pace of innovation,
particularly in the customers' minds with things like the iPhone and how fast
devices were cycling, the cable industry got itself pinned into this perspective
of being old and stodgy and not cool. Cable has been around for a long time, and
people have a long history with it. This isn't a thing we're you're going to
come in, click your heels and change the whole perception of the industry. When
I came in June 2012, you had things like Google Fiber ramping up. I looked at
the innovation rate in the industry and it was incredibly slow. Take DOCSIS, for
instance. Every generation--1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.--averaged four and a half years
between new generations. That's three Moore's Law cycles. I come from Silicon
Valley, and you're dead if you miss one Moore's Law cycle. So that's when we
kicked off DOCSIS 3.1. You could call it brilliance or stupidity, but I stood up
and made the proclamation that we'd do DOCSIS 3.1 in two and a half years. And
the industry just crucified me. They were like, 'Ah, he's the new guy ... he
doesn't quite understand.'

FC: It seems like the cable industry has become a little more innovative, too.
Comcast seems to view itself as a technology company now, for example.

McKinney: You do have the multiyear investment in X1. You look at the
aggressiveness of Cox, Suddenlink, GCI and others are showing for gigabit
services today. And you look at some of our European members--some of them have
overbuilt with fiber already. It isn't like fiber is coming--fiber is here. You
look at what's happening in other parts of the world, whether it be in
developing countries or in very, very large nations. We now have members in
China, Taiwan and Japan, for example, all with different issues and challenges,
but all focusing on how do I pick up my pace at which I can identify, adopt and
deploy to my customers the latest and greatest. And part of doing that isn't
popping a flag up and saying I'm going to be more innovative and faster, you
have to have a certain set of structures in place. You have to have leadership
that understands innovation. You have to have the law of patience--it takes
longer than you think, and you've got to be willing to stick it out. You've got
to have resources to invest.

FC: The latter seems to be the thing that breaks a lot of will.

McKinney: Well, yeah, it does. The innovation game has what we call "The Rule of
18." I can get any executive interested in some new shiny object, they get all
pumped up, and they go, 'Oh yeah, we'll find money,' and they fund it. You get
to the first budget cycle for the next year and they'll continue to fund it.
That next budget cycle, if that thing isn't shipping and generating a billion
dollars, they kill it. They don't have the patience to stick it out.

FC: How does this apply to the cable industry?

McKinney: Well, the cable industry doesn't shy away from writing big checks.
Over the last 10 years, the cable industry has spent $200 billion just on the
network in the U.S. It's the largest privately funded real estate project in the
history of the United States. You can't just say I ran out of capacity on
Friday, so I'm going to put more capacity in and make it available on Monday.
The planning cycles are different. You have to dig ditches, you have to lay
fiber, you have to string fiber on the pole, you have to deploy new services.
That's why the cable industry is on a three-year planning cycle.

FC: So now that it looks like DOCSIS 3.1 is getting close to deployment, what's
the next big heavy lift for CableLabs?

McKinney: DOCSIS today isn't even our largest R&D spend. The specification is
done. Now we get into interops and device certification. We have the second
interop for DOCSIS coming in a couple of weeks. All the vendors come to
CableLabs, we'll plug them in together and ask, 'Will this device work with this
other vendor's device?' and all those other kinds of things. All the members are
anxious for their trials to begin. The key for CableLabs is interoperability, so
we can get that universal scale and overall reliability of the services that are
built upon that platform.

FC: So what else are you focused on besides DOCSIS?

McKinney: Wi-Fi in particular is becoming critical. If you look at what's going
on inside customers' homes. In the cable industry, we have over 6 million public
access points available across the U.S. Cable is the largest provider of public
Wi-Fi in the United States. If you look at the total amount of wireless data
that's transported--more goes over cable-enabled Wi-Fi than even over cellular
networks.

FC: Why is Wi-Fi such a focus right now for MSOs?

McKinney: Consumers want to take their broadband with them. They don't want
their broadband services to stop at the front door. And when you look at
customer satisfaction levels, you look at churn rates, you see repeatedly that
if customers are users of Wi-Fi outside the home, their satisfaction is higher
overall.

FC: Could this be a game-changer for TV Everywhere?

McKinney: Wi-Fi is what we call periodic service. It's not ubiquitous coverage.
If I'm in my car, and I'm driving down the street, and I'm expecting my kids to
stream video or music, whether it's YouTube or anything else, you're not going
to have that because of the handoff between access points.

FC: When will that technical limitation be overcome?

McKinney: Next-generation wireless, which is what we call carrier-grade Wi-Fi,
does these handoffs, which is one option. The other option is LTE unlicensed.
Take the LTE technology that is used in cell phones today for offering 4G
services, then run it in the unlicensed spectrum. LTE is designed for ubiquitous
coverage--good system speeds over wide areas, so I can do hand-offs. But there's
lots of complications to make that happen--that's three, four, five years out.
Today, what we're focusing on, is when you connect to Wi-Fi, you get the speed
that you really want. And to also have the Wi-Fi be where you really want
it--work, parks, shopping malls. It's not about doing a replacement of cellular,
where I'm offering coverage everywhere. It's strategic placements.

FC: Can you talk about the R&D CableLabs is undertaking in regard to 4K?

McKinney: We do a lot of what we call user quality perception testing. There's
all kinds of science on what makes a good image. But the human eye and the human
brain is not easily quantifiable in that context. So we do full isolation
compliance testing where we bring in random consumers. We also deal with
compression technologies cable operators use when they're delivering 4K content.
We're trying to find what is it that is going to be the trigger point where
consumers say, 'I gotta have 4K.' And the work today is also on high dynamic
range, not just number of pixels. We're color mastering video now to high
dynamic range for human perception testing.

FC: Where do you get 4K content for testing?

McKinney: We shoot our own 4K. We bring in cinematographers, film students. We
have our own Red cameras. We shoot things like the balloon festival in Colorado.
Then we make that video available for free as part of test content. But we also
make it available to consumers who have new TVs and nothing to watch on them.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               57 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

CableLabs CEO McKinney discusses the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout, carrier-grade Wi-Fi and
4K

LENGTH: 1365  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Fierce Markets Inc has issued the following news release:

Former Hewlett-Packard CTO Phil McKinney was hired as president and CEO of the
research consortium CableLabs 28 months ago to pick up the pace of innovation in
the cable industry.

A self-described "innovation guy," McKinney came in with a mandate from cable
CEOs to accelerate product cycles across DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, set-tops, 4K and other
industry initiatives. And McKinney seems to be accomplishing the mission of
turning the cable industry into something at least vaguely familiar with the
torrid evolutionary pace of Silicon Valley

On the occasion of his third CES as CableLabs chief, FierceCable caught up with
McKinney in Las Vegas and discussed the broad topic of cable industry
innovation.

FierceCable: So did you join the cable industry during a period of abject panic?

Phil McKinney: What they recognized was that the pace of innovation,
particularly in the customers' minds with things like the iPhone and how fast
devices were cycling, the cable industry got itself pinned into this perspective
of being old and stodgy and not cool. Cable has been around for a long time, and
people have a long history with it. This isn't a thing we're you're going to
come in, click your heels and change the whole perception of the industry. When
I came in June 2012, you had things like Google Fiber ramping up. I looked at
the innovation rate in the industry and it was incredibly slow. Take DOCSIS, for
instance. Every generation--1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.--averaged four and a half years
between new generations. That's three Moore's Law cycles. I come from Silicon
Valley, and you're dead if you miss one Moore's Law cycle. So that's when we
kicked off DOCSIS 3.1. You could call it brilliance or stupidity, but I stood up
and made the proclamation that we'd do DOCSIS 3.1 in two and a half years. And
the industry just crucified me. They were like, 'Ah, he's the new guy ... he
doesn't quite understand.'

FC: It seems like the cable industry has become a little more innovative, too.
Comcast seems to view itself as a technology company now, for example.

McKinney: You do have the multiyear investment in X1. You look at the
aggressiveness of Cox, Suddenlink, GCI and others are showing for gigabit
services today. And you look at some of our European members--some of them have
overbuilt with fiber already. It isn't like fiber is coming--fiber is here. You
look at what's happening in other parts of the world, whether it be in
developing countries or in very, very large nations. We now have members in
China, Taiwan and Japan, for example, all with different issues and challenges,
but all focusing on how do I pick up my pace at which I can identify, adopt and
deploy to my customers the latest and greatest. And part of doing that isn't
popping a flag up and saying I'm going to be more innovative and faster, you
have to have a certain set of structures in place. You have to have leadership
that understands innovation. You have to have the law of patience--it takes
longer than you think, and you've got to be willing to stick it out. You've got
to have resources to invest.

FC: The latter seems to be the thing that breaks a lot of will.

McKinney: Well, yeah, it does. The innovation game has what we call "The Rule of
18." I can get any executive interested in some new shiny object, they get all
pumped up, and they go, 'Oh yeah, we'll find money,' and they fund it. You get
to the first budget cycle for the next year and they'll continue to fund it.
That next budget cycle, if that thing isn't shipping and generating a billion
dollars, they kill it. They don't have the patience to stick it out.

FC: How does this apply to the cable industry?

McKinney: Well, the cable industry doesn't shy away from writing big checks.
Over the last 10 years, the cable industry has spent $200 billion just on the
network in the U.S. It's the largest privately funded real estate project in the
history of the United States. You can't just say I ran out of capacity on
Friday, so I'm going to put more capacity in and make it available on Monday.
The planning cycles are different. You have to dig ditches, you have to lay
fiber, you have to string fiber on the pole, you have to deploy new services.
That's why the cable industry is on a three-year planning cycle.

FC: So now that it looks like DOCSIS 3.1 is getting close to deployment, what's
the next big heavy lift for CableLabs?

McKinney: DOCSIS today isn't even our largest R&D spend. The specification is
done. Now we get into interops and device certification. We have the second
interop for DOCSIS coming in a couple of weeks. All the vendors come to
CableLabs, we'll plug them in together and ask, 'Will this device work with this
other vendor's device?' and all those other kinds of things. All the members are
anxious for their trials to begin. The key for CableLabs is interoperability, so
we can get that universal scale and overall reliability of the services that are
built upon that platform.

FC: So what else are you focused on besides DOCSIS?

McKinney: Wi-Fi in particular is becoming critical. If you look at what's going
on inside customers' homes. In the cable industry, we have over 6 million public
access points available across the U.S. Cable is the largest provider of public
Wi-Fi in the United States. If you look at the total amount of wireless data
that's transported--more goes over cable-enabled Wi-Fi than even over cellular
networks.

FC: Why is Wi-Fi such a focus right now for MSOs?

McKinney: Consumers want to take their broadband with them. They don't want
their broadband services to stop at the front door. And when you look at
customer satisfaction levels, you look at churn rates, you see repeatedly that
if customers are users of Wi-Fi outside the home, their satisfaction is higher
overall.

FC: Could this be a game-changer for TV Everywhere?

McKinney: Wi-Fi is what we call periodic service. It's not ubiquitous coverage.
If I'm in my car, and I'm driving down the street, and I'm expecting my kids to
stream video or music, whether it's YouTube or anything else, you're not going
to have that because of the handoff between access points.

FC: When will that technical limitation be overcome?

McKinney: Next-generation wireless, which is what we call carrier-grade Wi-Fi,
does these handoffs, which is one option. The other option is LTE unlicensed.
Take the LTE technology that is used in cell phones today for offering 4G
services, then run it in the unlicensed spectrum. LTE is designed for ubiquitous
coverage--good system speeds over wide areas, so I can do hand-offs. But there's
lots of complications to make that happen--that's three, four, five years out.
Today, what we're focusing on, is when you connect to Wi-Fi, you get the speed
that you really want. And to also have the Wi-Fi be where you really want
it--work, parks, shopping malls. It's not about doing a replacement of cellular,
where I'm offering coverage everywhere. It's strategic placements.

FC: Can you talk about the R&D CableLabs is undertaking in regard to 4K?

McKinney: We do a lot of what we call user quality perception testing. There's
all kinds of science on what makes a good image. But the human eye and the human
brain is not easily quantifiable in that context. So we do full isolation
compliance testing where we bring in random consumers. We also deal with
compression technologies cable operators use when they're delivering 4K content.
We're trying to find what is it that is going to be the trigger point where
consumers say, 'I gotta have 4K.' And the work today is also on high dynamic
range, not just number of pixels. We're color mastering video now to high
dynamic range for human perception testing.

FC: Where do you get 4K content for testing?

McKinney: We shoot our own 4K. We bring in cinematographers, film students. We
have our own Red cameras. We shoot things like the balloon festival in Colorado.
Then we make that video available for free as part of test content. But we also
make it available to consumers who have new TVs and nothing to watch on them.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               58 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

CableLabs CEO McKinney discusses the DOCSIS 3.1 rollout, carrier-grade Wi-Fi and
4K

LENGTH: 1365  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


Fierce Markets Inc has issued the following news release:

Former Hewlett-Packard CTO Phil McKinney was hired as president and CEO of the
research consortium CableLabs 28 months ago to pick up the pace of innovation in
the cable industry.

A self-described "innovation guy," McKinney came in with a mandate from cable
CEOs to accelerate product cycles across DOCSIS, Wi-Fi, set-tops, 4K and other
industry initiatives. And McKinney seems to be accomplishing the mission of
turning the cable industry into something at least vaguely familiar with the
torrid evolutionary pace of Silicon Valley

On the occasion of his third CES as CableLabs chief, FierceCable caught up with
McKinney in Las Vegas and discussed the broad topic of cable industry
innovation.

FierceCable: So did you join the cable industry during a period of abject panic?

Phil McKinney: What they recognized was that the pace of innovation,
particularly in the customers' minds with things like the iPhone and how fast
devices were cycling, the cable industry got itself pinned into this perspective
of being old and stodgy and not cool. Cable has been around for a long time, and
people have a long history with it. This isn't a thing we're you're going to
come in, click your heels and change the whole perception of the industry. When
I came in June 2012, you had things like Google Fiber ramping up. I looked at
the innovation rate in the industry and it was incredibly slow. Take DOCSIS, for
instance. Every generation--1.0, 1.1, 2.0, 3.--averaged four and a half years
between new generations. That's three Moore's Law cycles. I come from Silicon
Valley, and you're dead if you miss one Moore's Law cycle. So that's when we
kicked off DOCSIS 3.1. You could call it brilliance or stupidity, but I stood up
and made the proclamation that we'd do DOCSIS 3.1 in two and a half years. And
the industry just crucified me. They were like, 'Ah, he's the new guy ... he
doesn't quite understand.'

FC: It seems like the cable industry has become a little more innovative, too.
Comcast seems to view itself as a technology company now, for example.

McKinney: You do have the multiyear investment in X1. You look at the
aggressiveness of Cox, Suddenlink, GCI and others are showing for gigabit
services today. And you look at some of our European members--some of them have
overbuilt with fiber already. It isn't like fiber is coming--fiber is here. You
look at what's happening in other parts of the world, whether it be in
developing countries or in very, very large nations. We now have members in
China, Taiwan and Japan, for example, all with different issues and challenges,
but all focusing on how do I pick up my pace at which I can identify, adopt and
deploy to my customers the latest and greatest. And part of doing that isn't
popping a flag up and saying I'm going to be more innovative and faster, you
have to have a certain set of structures in place. You have to have leadership
that understands innovation. You have to have the law of patience--it takes
longer than you think, and you've got to be willing to stick it out. You've got
to have resources to invest.

FC: The latter seems to be the thing that breaks a lot of will.

McKinney: Well, yeah, it does. The innovation game has what we call "The Rule of
18." I can get any executive interested in some new shiny object, they get all
pumped up, and they go, 'Oh yeah, we'll find money,' and they fund it. You get
to the first budget cycle for the next year and they'll continue to fund it.
That next budget cycle, if that thing isn't shipping and generating a billion
dollars, they kill it. They don't have the patience to stick it out.

FC: How does this apply to the cable industry?

McKinney: Well, the cable industry doesn't shy away from writing big checks.
Over the last 10 years, the cable industry has spent $200 billion just on the
network in the U.S. It's the largest privately funded real estate project in the
history of the United States. You can't just say I ran out of capacity on
Friday, so I'm going to put more capacity in and make it available on Monday.
The planning cycles are different. You have to dig ditches, you have to lay
fiber, you have to string fiber on the pole, you have to deploy new services.
That's why the cable industry is on a three-year planning cycle.

FC: So now that it looks like DOCSIS 3.1 is getting close to deployment, what's
the next big heavy lift for CableLabs?

McKinney: DOCSIS today isn't even our largest R&D spend. The specification is
done. Now we get into interops and device certification. We have the second
interop for DOCSIS coming in a couple of weeks. All the vendors come to
CableLabs, we'll plug them in together and ask, 'Will this device work with this
other vendor's device?' and all those other kinds of things. All the members are
anxious for their trials to begin. The key for CableLabs is interoperability, so
we can get that universal scale and overall reliability of the services that are
built upon that platform.

FC: So what else are you focused on besides DOCSIS?

McKinney: Wi-Fi in particular is becoming critical. If you look at what's going
on inside customers' homes. In the cable industry, we have over 6 million public
access points available across the U.S. Cable is the largest provider of public
Wi-Fi in the United States. If you look at the total amount of wireless data
that's transported--more goes over cable-enabled Wi-Fi than even over cellular
networks.

FC: Why is Wi-Fi such a focus right now for MSOs?

McKinney: Consumers want to take their broadband with them. They don't want
their broadband services to stop at the front door. And when you look at
customer satisfaction levels, you look at churn rates, you see repeatedly that
if customers are users of Wi-Fi outside the home, their satisfaction is higher
overall.

FC: Could this be a game-changer for TV Everywhere?

McKinney: Wi-Fi is what we call periodic service. It's not ubiquitous coverage.
If I'm in my car, and I'm driving down the street, and I'm expecting my kids to
stream video or music, whether it's YouTube or anything else, you're not going
to have that because of the handoff between access points.

FC: When will that technical limitation be overcome?

McKinney: Next-generation wireless, which is what we call carrier-grade Wi-Fi,
does these handoffs, which is one option. The other option is LTE unlicensed.
Take the LTE technology that is used in cell phones today for offering 4G
services, then run it in the unlicensed spectrum. LTE is designed for ubiquitous
coverage--good system speeds over wide areas, so I can do hand-offs. But there's
lots of complications to make that happen--that's three, four, five years out.
Today, what we're focusing on, is when you connect to Wi-Fi, you get the speed
that you really want. And to also have the Wi-Fi be where you really want
it--work, parks, shopping malls. It's not about doing a replacement of cellular,
where I'm offering coverage everywhere. It's strategic placements.

FC: Can you talk about the R&D CableLabs is undertaking in regard to 4K?

McKinney: We do a lot of what we call user quality perception testing. There's
all kinds of science on what makes a good image. But the human eye and the human
brain is not easily quantifiable in that context. So we do full isolation
compliance testing where we bring in random consumers. We also deal with
compression technologies cable operators use when they're delivering 4K content.
We're trying to find what is it that is going to be the trigger point where
consumers say, 'I gotta have 4K.' And the work today is also on high dynamic
range, not just number of pixels. We're color mastering video now to high
dynamic range for human perception testing.

FC: Where do you get 4K content for testing?

McKinney: We shoot our own 4K. We bring in cinematographers, film students. We
have our own Red cameras. We shoot things like the balloon festival in Colorado.
Then we make that video available for free as part of test content. But we also
make it available to consumers who have new TVs and nothing to watch on them.

For any query about this article or other content requirements please email:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               59 of 64 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 2013 Washburn Law Journal
                              Washburn Law Journal

                                  Spring, 2013

                              Washburn Law Journal

                              52 Washburn L.J. 225

LENGTH: 8787 words

EMERGING LEGAL ISSUES IN THE DIGITAL AGE: ARTICLE & ESSAY: Judicial Notice and
the Internet: The Legal Reasoning and Technical Basis for Taking Judicial Notice
of the Fact that Internet Pages Display from the Top-Left-Hand Corner Out

NAME: Jonathan Bick*

BIO: * Jonathan Bick is Of Counsel at Brach Eichler, LLC in Roseland, New
Jersey. He is also an Adjunct Professor at Rutgers School of Law and the author
of 101 Things You Need to Know About Internet Law (Random House 2000).

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In other words, Internet programming protocol facts - such as the fact that
the Internet will always display from the upper-left-hand corner out - are
subject to judicial notice because they can be easily and reliably verified.
... Web-Based Image Distribution and Display One of the major innovative aspects
of the Internet is that it offers standardized interfaces for viewing images and
texts through standard protocols.  ... Internet content is generally stored in
arrays.  ... However, absent a lack of capacity, if an Internet user reads a
notice that clearly states that in exchange for the right to access and use a
particular Internet site, the user must agree to a particular set of terms and
conditions in order to access and use a particular Internet site, and, after
reading such a notice, the reader accesses and uses the Internet site, a court
would likely find mutual assent and consideration.  ... Sixth, a jury could be
instructed that all Internet communications require one or more third-party
computers as part of the transfer process, and that Internet programming
protocols do not require said third-party computers to erase data that passes
through them.

TEXT:
 [*225]

   I. Introduction

 The American judicial system requires that each fact in a case be proven
through formal presentation. Most Internet transactions involve acts completed
by people in the presence of devices rather than in the presence of other
people. This lack of other people's presence promotes confusion during
litigation around a single fundamental fact - what a participant to an Internet
transaction accessed.

   Legislatures throughout the United States have reduced the judicial system
burden by allowing every level of court to recognize facts that constitute
common knowledge without requiring proof from the parties - known as "judicial
notice." As technology has evolved, so has the scope of judicial notice. In
order to improve court efficiency and the likelihood of a meritorious decision,
judicial notice should include the fact that what a participant to an Internet
transaction accessed is not subject to reasonable dispute.

   Internet use and related litigation are growing. n1 By taking judicial notice
n2 of Internet content, n3 courts promote judicial convenience and  [*226]
economy. n4 Courts have an opportunity to promote efficiency by taking judicial
notice of certain Internet-related facts. This Article supplies the legal and
technical justifications for such judicial notice.

   In particular, this Article will provide the technical reasons for taking
judicial notice of the fact that the Internet will always display the
upper-left-hand corner of each page that is requested by a user. Courts taking
such notice will be able to dispense with the time and effort necessary to
demonstrate that an Internet site user viewed certain Internet content.

   This Article is composed of four parts. Part II describes the doctrine of
judicial notice and its significance to litigation involving the Internet. Part
III establishes that a court may take notice of Internet programming protocol
because a court can establish that such protocol information is correct without
resorting to evidentiary proof. Part III also provides the technical reason for
the Internet to display websites from the upper-left-hand corner out. Next, Part
IV describes the potential significance of taking judicial notice of
upper-left-hand corner display, especially with regards to a "terms of use"
agreement icon. Finally, Part V identifies additional Internet operational facts
that may merit judicial notice.

[*227]

   II. The Doctrine of Judicial Notice

 Judicial notice is the process by which the finder of fact at a trial accepts
certain facts as true without the necessity of a formal proof proceeding. It is
a substitute for evidence. Judicial notice is rooted in the knowledge that
certain factual findings are not subject to sensible debate and thus may be
properly resolved by the presentation of appropriate evidence to the finder of
fact at trial. As more people use the Internet, the features of the Internet
will become increasingly familiar to those involved in the judicial process,
and, as a result, such features will be generally known and thereby subject to
judicial notice.

   Section A of this Part describes the process by which a court takes judicial
notice. Section B explains the practical implications of taking judicial notice.
Finally, this Part suggests that the doctrine of judicial notice can and should
be applied to Internet programming protocols.

   A. How Judicial Notice Works

 When a court takes judicial notice of a fact, it dispenses with formal proof,
which is the usual method of establishing facts at trial. A court's ability to
take judicial notice of a fact is limited; however, judicial notice may cover
the issues of who did what, where, when, how, and with what motive or intent,
and will typically relate to the parties, their activities, their properties,
and their businesses. n5

   The Federal Rules of Evidence ("FRE") recognize judicial notice based on the
concept of verifiable certainty. FRE 201 governs judicial notice in federal
practice. In particular, FRE 201(b) reads: "The court may judicially notice a
fact that is not subject to reasonable dispute because it: (1) is generally
known within the trial court's territorial jurisdiction; or (2) can be
accurately and readily determined from sources whose accuracy cannot reasonably
be questioned." n6

   Judicial notice can be taken of either a legislative fact or an adjudicative
fact. n7 Adjudicative facts are facts related to a particular case. These facts
concern the issues of who did what, where, when, and how, and they are
ordinarily resolved by the finder of fact at trial. Adjudicative facts normally
are related to the parties; their transactions; and their assets, properties,
and  [*228]  businesses. n8 Legislative facts, however, are related to legal
reasoning and the lawmaking process. Internet programming protocol, such as
having the Internet always display the upper-left-hand corner of each page
requested by an Internet user, is an adjudicative fact. Regarding adjudicative
facts, FRE 201 provides that courts may only take judicial notice of
adjudicative facts that are "not subject to reasonable dispute." n9

   A court may take judicial notice in both civil and criminal cases. In civil
cases, a court will instruct the jury to accept as an irrefutable fact anything
that the judge has judicially noticed. In criminal cases, the court can only
instruct the jury that it may accept as fact findings of judicially-noticed
facts. n10 Because Internet transactions have resulted in both civil and
criminal cases, taking judicial notice of Internet programming protocol may
prove useful to both courts and litigants.

   Just as jurors have the right to rely on their common knowledge, a court has
the right to take judicial notice of subjects of common knowledge. n11 As the
use of the Internet expands, n12 so presumably has the knowledge of Internet
programming protocol facts.

   B. The Purpose of Judicial Notice

 The purpose of taking judicial notice is to allow for the conservation of
resources n13: a short-cut designed to reduce the court's work. n14 Because
taking judicial notice is a means of conserving scarce judicial resources, a
court may do so upon its own motion. By doing so, a court may swiftly move
[*229]  the trial along by relieving itself of unnecessary burdens. n15 Taking
judicial notice is also a means of conserving a litigating party's resources.
Hence, a court must take judicial notice of a fact when requested to do so by a
party who supplies the obligatory information n16 and when the other party has
had an opportunity to oppose the taking of judicial notice. n17 In either case,
taking judicial notice of Internet programming protocol, such as the protocol
that forces the Internet to display the upper-left-hand corner of content pages
requested by an Internet user, will enable the conservation of resources.

   Courts properly take judicial notice of facts that are not objectionable to a
reasonable person. n18 By doing so, courts may dispense with the usual method of
establishing adjudicative facts through the introduction of evidence. Ordinarily
consisting of the testimony of witnesses, establishing adjudicative facts is
both time-and asset-consuming for the courts and the parties involved in the
litigation. The appropriate introduction of a fact via judicial notice is not as
time-and asset-consuming. From a trial attorney's perspective, the presentation
of live expert testimony is expensive when compared to the use of judicial
notice. Rather than spending thousands of dollars for live expert testimony, an
attorney typically must pay an expert only a few hundred dollars to prepare an
affidavit supporting judicial notice.

   Courts have judicially noticed propositions about a wide range of technical
topics. Such propositions need not be matters of common knowledge, nor must the
judge who takes judicial notice of a fact have personal knowledge of such facts,
n19 provided that the facts can be verified to a certainty by reference to
competent authoritative sources. n20 The fact that most, if not virtually all,
Internet access terminals display Internet sites from the upper-left-hand corner
out is easily perceptible to even the most casual observer. Taking judicial
notice of this fact would relieve the court of hearing evidence of what an
Internet user did or did not receive as a result of the request.

   III. A Court May Take Notice of Internet Programming Protocols

 Internet programming protocol facts, if relevant to a particular matter, may
qualify for judicial notice because such information will facilitate a  [*230]
judicially-empowered fact finder. n21 The assumption underlying FRE 201's
judicial notice conventions is that certain information does not need to be
proven by the introduction of evidence at trial. Thus, Rule 201 allows a court
to establish that the information is relevant and valid without resorting to
evidentiary proof n22 and, in doing so, allows justice to be achieved in a more
economical fashion. n23 Internet programming protocols are the type of evidence
of which a court could take judicial notice.

   Section A of this Part establishes why Internet programming protocols are
necessary and why following or failing to follow these protocols determines
without reasonable dispute the user's ability to access the Internet. Section B
provides that Internet programming protocols can be judicially noticed because
they are either generally known or readily verifiable. Section C explains the
technical basis for verifying that Internet pages display from the
upper-left-hand corner out.

   A. Reasoning for Internet Programming Protocols

 When one looks at a traditional page of text, the flow of text in a paragraph
begins on the upper-left-hand side of a page and moves toward the right.
Historically, this innovation has been attributed to right-handed cuneiform
scribes who observed that writing on clay tablets was less smudged when one
moved from left to right. n24 When text wraps, the new line begins below the
previous one at the left side of the page. For English readers, it is so natural
that one does not even notice these conventions. However, numerous studies have
found that aligning English text to the right results in decreased readability
and comprehension. n25

   The same cannot be said of Internet content displayed on computer screens.
Like traditional text, the flow of text in a paragraph begins in the upper-left
hand and moves toward the right. Unlike traditional text, however,  [*231]  the
text wraps beyond the end of the computer display, and the new line, which
begins below the previous one at the left side of the page, may not make sense
because the computer has failed to display all of the text from the end of the
line above it. n26

   The fact that Internet programming protocols force Internet sites to display
content from the upper-left-hand corner out is a significant problem for much of
the world. Both Japanese and Chinese books and magazines lay out printed text
vertically. The text begins at the top-right corner of the page and flows
downward, wrapping the next line to the top of the page and to the left of the
previous line. Newspaper headlines, for example, run down the right side of the
page. Despite the traditional layout of printed material, both Japanese and
Chinese Internet sites must be designed to display content from the
upper-left-hand corner out because Internet programming protocols cannot handle
displaying content from the upper-right-hand corner out. n27

   These protocols that force Internet sites to display content from the
upper-left-hand corner, as well as other Internet programming protocols, allow
the Internet to exist. Unless all Internet users agree to certain programming
protocols, the Internet would cease to function. Because "the Internet is an
international network of interconnected computers[,]" n28 communication on the
Internet requires adherence to common technical protocols. Thus, these common
technical protocols are a set of agreed-upon "rules" of communication between
and among computers networked into the Internet.

   At the Internet's foundation is the logical layer, which consists of two
standard sets of rules: namely, the Transmission Control Protocol ("TCP") and
the Internet Protocol ("IP") n29 - commonly known together as TCP/IP. Together,
these two sets of rules define the nature of Internet communications.

   TCP repackages each Internet communication into messages suitable for digital
communication, assigns a number to each message it creates, and prepares a check
sum so that the receiving computer can check the integrity of the communication.
Additionally, it makes available detailed information necessary for the
reassembly of the message into the proper sequence by the receiving computer and
orders the resending of any lost or damaged messages. In short, all Internet
communications rely on TCP to communicate  [*232]  a message. Thus, the Internet
programming protocols supply the output for each message with the same input.

   The IP adds computer instructions to each message prepared by the TCP. These
instructions dictate the routing of messages among Internet computers. Among
other computer instructions added to TCP messages by the IP, it provides the
Internet address of the sending computer and the Internet address of the
destination computer. n30 Because all Internet communications follow a set of
rules, software programs known as "parsers" use these Internet rules to convert
incoming compressed messages into a fixed format.

   Additionally, the Internet is composed of a wide variety of display devices;
thus, the Internet graphic software must be device independent. Therefore,
Internet access devices share baseline specifications. Among other
specifications are those related to graphical display interfaces such as the
ones set forth by The American National Standards Institute, n31 which calls for
the use of common defaults.

   Failing to follow each and every one of the foregoing protocols results in a
potential Internet user's inability to access or use the Internet. Conversely,
potential Internet users who execute the foregoing protocols are allowed to
access or use the Internet. Consequently, either following or failing to follow
said protocols will, without reasonable dispute, determine whether the user can
access the Internet.

   B. Judicial Notice Can Be Taken of Internet Protocols

 Courts have judicially noticed propositions about a wide range of technological
subject matters. Although such propositions in these areas are hardly matters of
common knowledge, the modern scope of judicial notice is not limited to such
matters. The fact that most, if not virtually all, Internet access terminals
display Internet sites from the upper-left-hand corner out is well-known. This
fact is widely recognized in the e-commerce marketplace. Website providers will
promise to those who pay a premium price that they will get premium placement on
the brander's website, such as being in the upper-left-hand corner. n32

   Furthermore, when an Internet site's "terms of use" agreement appears in the
upper-left-hand corner of an Internet page, FRE 201 may be triggered to
determine whether judicial notice should be taken of the Internet user's
awareness of the "terms of use" agreement. A court may take notice of Internet
programming protocol because such protocol meets the requirements  [*233]  for
judicial notice of an adjudicative fact. For judicial notice to be embraced by
the court, however, the Internet programming protocol must be either generally
known or readily verifiable. n33

   First, Internet programming protocol facts are generally known throughout the
United States (and thus within the territorial jurisdiction of any trial court).
Second, Internet programming protocol facts can be readily verified by resorting
to sources whose accuracy cannot reasonably be questioned. Thus, under FRE 201,
there are two different ways that Internet programming protocol facts may be
found to be indisputable adjudicative facts subject to judicial notice.

   Under the first test, Internet programming protocol facts are experienced
first-hand by most people. Millions of people use the Internet every day, and
each of those people have the personal, first-hand experience of seeing that the
Internet will always display the upper-left-hand corner of each page that they
requested. This fact is so well known that it is a waste of judicial resources
to require proof. As to this fact, reasonably knowledgeable people cannot
disagree. n34 Although it could be argued that some people would not know about
Internet programming protocol facts, it is not required that said facts be
universally known. Courts may take judicial notice of facts generally known
within its territorial jurisdiction. n35

   Under the second test, Internet programming protocol facts can be judicially
noticed because they are readily verifiable through sources whose reliability
cannot reasonably be questioned. Judicial notice of these facts is appropriate
even if it is not generally known that the manner in which the Internet
functions is due to Internet programming protocols. In other words, Internet
programming protocol facts - such as the fact that the Internet will always
display from the upper-left-hand corner out - are subject to judicial notice
because they can be easily and reliably verified. n36 The next Part of this
Article details reliable sources that may be used to verify that the Internet
will always display Internet pages from the upper-left-hand corner out.

[*234]

   C. The Technical Basis for Verifying that Internet Pages Display From the
Upper-Left-Hand Corner Out

 Verifying that the Internet pages display from the upper-left-hand corner out
requires the understanding of three technological concepts. Section 1 of this
Part introduces Hypertext Markup Language ("HTML"), the standard language for
displaying webpages. Section 2 discusses web-based image displays, including the
standard protocols for displaying Internet pages from the upper left hand corner
out. Finally, Section 3 addresses the programming basis for opening Internet
pages from upper-left-hand corner out.

   1. Web-Based Image Distribution and Display

 One of the major innovative aspects of the Internet is that it offers
standardized interfaces for viewing images and texts through standard protocols.
As previously noted, Internet access and use are enabled by complying with a set
of protocols. Consequently, failure to use said interfaces will result in a lack
of Internet access. Such failure is not subject to reasonable dispute and, as a
result, should be subject to judicial notice.

   Most documents on the web are stored and transmitted in HTML. HTML is a
simple language well suited for hypertext, multimedia, and the display of small
and reasonably-simple documents. HTML is based on standard generalized markup
language ("SGML"), an international organization for standardization ("ISO")
standard system for defining and using document formats. However, HTML has some
limitations on extensibility, structure, and validation. n37

   2. Web-Based Image Display

 Currently, most web browsers, including Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla
Firefox, Google Chrome, and Apple's Safari, support Joint Photo-graphic Experts
Group ("JPEG," 24 bits for color images) or Graphics Interchange Format ("GIF,"
8 bits) image rendering. These browsers also support text display mode.
Web-based imaging display, like web-based distribution, relies on the fact that
Internet access and use are enabled by complying with a set of protocols.
Failure to use said interfaces will result in a lack of Internet access. Such
failure is not subject to reasonable dispute and, consequently, should be
subject to judicial notice.

   Text display mode is the visual display equivalent of printing. In fact, the
most universally accepted programming command for displaying text on a computer
terminal is PRINT followed by two sets of quotation marks (i.e.,  [*235]  PRINT
""). n38 When the program runs, the PRINT statement tells the computer to print
out everything between the two quotation marks on each line, exactly as it is
shown in the program. As a computer hardware default, the first mark displayed
will be in the upper-left-hand corner of the screen. To change this default, the
LOCATE computer command is most typically used. The format of the LOCATE command
is LOCATE [row, column], where row is the numerical position of the row starting
point (normally 1 through 25, with 1 being the top row) and where column is the
numerical position of the column starting point (normally 1 through 80, with 1
being the left-most column).

   Nearly all graphic display mode software operates in a similar fashion. For
example, medium-resolution displays today are commonly 1024 by 768 pixels;
low-resolution displays are 800 by 600 pixels; and minimum-resolution displays
are 320 by 200 pixels, accessible even on a cell phone or a hypothetical display
used by the Text Display mode. If the screen used in medium resolution graphics
mode is expressed in terms of an X-and Y-axis, then X corresponds to the columns
and Y to the rows. The top left point on the screen is (0,0) and the bottom
right is (319,199). X increases as one moves to the right across the screen, and
Y increases as one moves down.

   As in the case of the Text Display mode, the default for the starting point
for points, lines, and other shapes for medium resolution graphics mode is the
top left point on the screen. It should be noted that this default is also the
starting point for the positioning of the screen cursor.

   Internet content is generally stored in arrays. An array is a structured
arrangement of items of computerized data in tabular form for easy reference.
For example, an array of even numbers might be 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, stored in
such a way as to result in the display of "2" first when the array is called for
use by a computer program, "4" next when the array is called again, and so on.
It should be noted that an array also stores information concerning the shape of
the array. Thus, an array of even numbers may be stored as:

   2 4 6 8 10 12

   or

   2 4 6

   8 10 12.

   The GET command stores the shape of the array. The format for a GET command
is usually GET (X1,Y1) - (X2,Y2), [Array Name] where X1, Y1 are the x and y
coordinates of the top left corner of the rectangle that contains the shape of
the array; X2, Y1 are the x and y coordinates of the bottom right of the shape
of the array; and the Array Name is the computer location of the content of the
array.

    [*236]  The default for X1, Y1 - the x-and y-coordinates of the top-left
corner of the rectangle that contains the shape of the array - is (0,0), which
is the upper-left-hand corner of the display screen. Thus, it is normal for the
content of the array to be displayed starting in the upper-left-hand corner of
the area designed to accept the array content.

   The PUT statement displays on a computer screen the shape stored in the array
by the GET command. Once a shape is in the array, it can be PUT at any location
on the computer display screen. The format for PUT statements is typically PUT (
X1,Y1), [Array Name], where X1 and Y1 are the x-and y-coordinates of the screen
location to put the upper-left corner of the array shape. The default for the
PUT starting coordinates is (0,0), which is the upper-left-hand corner of the
display.

   3. Programming Basis for Opening Internet Pages from Upper-Left Corner Out

 As noted above, HTML is the language of internet webpage transmission. n39 HTML
is a markup/structured document language n40 and is a subset of the "SGML, the
Standard Generalized Markup Language, . + . + . an international standard (ISO
8879) that defines a syntax for the character representation of structured
information." n41 HTML describes a page from the top down. n42 From a
programmer's perspective, an Internet page is built as follows:



   <HTML>



<Head>



<Title>This is my webpage</Title>



</Head>



<Body>



<p>First paragraph</p>



<p>Second paragraph</p>



</Body>



</HTML>

The HTML rendering engines interpret HTML by opening the document from the top
(in a linear manner). n43 Thus, Internet pages open from the upper-left-  [*237]
hand corner out because in modern operating systems (Windows, n44 Linux, UNIX,
n45 and Java n46), the coordinate system is defined as starting in the top-left
corner.

    [*238]  As a result, it is generally known and capable of accurate and ready
determination by resorting to reliable sources that Internet pages open from the
upper-left-hand corner out. The extent of the display of any particular Internet
page requested by an Internet user, however, depends upon the device on which
the Internet page is being displayed.

   IV. Potential Significance of Judicial Notice of the Fact that the Internet
Displays the Upper-Left Corner of Pages Requested by an Internet User

 Consumers and businesses are adopting and taking advantage of various forms of
Internet-related notices, particularly "terms of use" agreements, which
potentially change the relationship between an Internet site owner and its users
from public to private law. n47

   The enforceability of a "terms of use" agreement, however, will depend upon
whether it meets the classic requirements of a binding contract: (1) parties
capable of contracting n48; (2) mutual assent n49; and (3) consideration. n50
[*239]  If an Internet user is not capable of contracting due to lack of
capacity, a "terms of use" agreement will not be enforced. However, absent a
lack of capacity, if an Internet user reads a notice that clearly states that in
exchange for the right to access and use a particular Internet site, the user
must agree to a particular set of terms and conditions in order to access and
use a particular Internet site, and, after reading such a notice, the reader
accesses and uses the Internet site, a court would likely find mutual assent and
consideration. This assertion is supported by the enforceability of
"shrink-wrap" agreements. n51

   "Terms of use" agreements are arguably more enforceable than "shrink-wrap"
agreements when it can be shown that the user has advance notice of the
existence of the "terms of use" agreement. For example, advance notice could be
shown if the Internet site required a potential Internet user to take certain
action that demonstrated the Internet user's awareness of the "terms of use"
agreement. Such action could include clicking on an "I agree" icon as part of a
registration process to affirmatively manifest assent.

   In the past it was argued that a site that had a "terms of use" agreement was
not enforceable if it did not require an affirmative manifestation of assent.
Without such affirmative manifestation of assent, such as "clicking" on an "I
agree" icon, there was no evidence that the Internet user had notice of the
"terms of use" agreement. n52 Such an argument, however, could not presently be
made if the court took judicial notice of the fact that the Internet will always
display the upper-left-hand corner of each page that is requested by a user and
if the parties to the litigation stipulate that the "terms of use" agreement was
in the upper-left-hand corner of the page requested by the user.

   It should also be noted that "neither real nor apparent intention that a
promise be legally binding is essential to the formation of a contract[.]" n53
Thus, the fact that an Internet user who saw the "terms of use" agreement on his
computer after requesting a particular Internet page had no intention of giving
a legal promise to abide by the agreement does not void his assent to be bound
by the terms. Additionally, a "terms of use" agreement must be capable of being
given an exact meaning, and all the performances to be rendered must be certain.
Otherwise, the "terms of use" agreement will not be enforced. n54

    [*240]  In order for a litigating party to avail itself of the advantages
afforded by posting "terms of use" agreements, it first must demonstrate to the
trial fact finder that its adversary was aware of such agreements. Typically,
this awareness is proven by presenting Internet traffic and communication data,
as well as expert testimony. However, the necessity of such formal proof can be
rendered unnecessary through the application of judicial notice. n55

   Judicial notice should be taken of an Internet user's awareness of a
particular Internet site's "terms of use" agreement when that agreement's icon
appears in the upper-left-hand corner of the Internet page. Such treatment is
justified by: (1) the defaults built into computer graphic software that almost
universally use the upper-left-hand corner as a starting reference point; (2)
the Internet programming protocol that requires Internet users to adhere to a
set of technical rules about how information should be transmitted and received
by computers; and (3) the courts' standards for the use of judicial notice.

   The U.S. Supreme Court has taken judicial notice of the fact that billboards,
street car signs, placards, and such, unlike newspaper and magazine
advertisements, are in a class by themselves because they "thrust" their message
on the viewer. n56 The Court found that billboards, street car signs, and
placards deprive the viewer of any real choice over whether to receive the
message.

   In comparison, the upper-left-hand corner of an Internet page is like a
billboard, a street car sign, or a placard because it is constantly before the
eyes of observers without the exercise of choice or volition on the part of the
viewer. Internet users have no choice but to view the upper-left-hand corner of
any page they electronically request from the Internet. Although a viewer may
move his eyes from billboard to billboard or move from Internet page to Internet
page, the content of both the billboard and the upper-left-hand corner of any
Internet page are before him regardless of choice or volition.

   In the case of newspapers and magazines, the viewer must seek and find the
advertisement. Similarly, in the case of a television or radio, advertisements
can be turned off. In the case of requesting an Internet page, however, once the
Internet request is made, the Internet will always display the upper-left-hand
corner of the requested page. Therefore, the user need not seek the
upper-left-hand corner of a webpage, nor is the Internet user able to turn it
off. Consequently, courts should treat the upper-left-hand corner of any page
like a billboard or street car sign.

    [*241]  If a court treated the upper-left-hand corner of an Internet page
like a billboard or street car sign and took judicial notice that a particular
Internet user's computer displayed a "terms of use" icon in that corner, then
the Internet site's "terms of use" agreement would be binding upon the user in
accordance with the findings of Carnival Cruise Lines v. Shute. n57 In Carnival
Cruise Lines, a Washington resident was injured in international waters off the
coast of Mexico and filed an action in the U.S. District Court of Washington.
n58 The U.S. Supreme Court upheld the dismissal of a personal injury claim filed
in Washington because the plaintiff failed to abide by a note on the ticket that
referred her to a contractually-stipulated Florida forum. n59

   In particular, the face of each ticket, in its lower-left-hand corner,
contained this admonition:



   " "SUBJECT TO CONDITIONS OF CONTRACT ON LAST PAGES IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ
CONTRACT - ON LAST PAGES 1, 2, 3' App. 15." n60

 Appearing on the first contract page was the following:



   TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PASSAGE CONTRACT TICKET



....



3. (a) The acceptance of this ticket by the person or persons named hereon as
passengers shall be deemed to be an acceptance and agreement by each of them of
all of the terms and conditions of this Passage Contract Ticket.



....



8. It is agreed by and between the passenger and the Carrier that all disputes
and matters whatsoever arising under, in connection with or incident to this
Contract shall be litigated, if at all, in and before a Court located in the
State of Florida, U.S.A., to the exclusion of the Courts of any other state or
country. n61

 The rationale in Carnival Cruise Lines may be used in combination with judicial
notice to conclude that an Internet user is aware of a particular Internet
site's "terms of use" agreement when such site's "terms of use" agreement icon
appeared in the upper-left-hand corner of an Internet page. Such a combination
could save a significant amount of court resources.

   A two-step process is required to achieve these desired court resource
savings. First, a court would instruct the jury that a particular Internet
user's computer displayed a "terms of use" icon after the court has taken
judicial notice of the fact that the Internet will always display the
upper-left-hand corner of a webpage and that the icon was in the upper-left-hand
corner of the page. Next, relying on Carnival Cruise Lines, the jury would be
instructed that those with notice of a "terms of use" agreement are obligated to
abide by it whether they chose to read it or not, unless the agreement itself is
unlawful.

[*242]

   V. Other Internet-Related Facts that May Merit Judicial Notice

 In addition to taking judicial notice of the upper-left-hand corner of an
Internet page, there are other Internet-related facts that merit judicial
notice. Judicial notice of the following facts should be considered: (1) email
messages are copied by third-party computers during transmission; (2) all
Internet content is digital; (3) the Internet operates at near light speed,
which on a planet this size amounts to near real-time; (4) webpages may be
viewed on any operational computer with an Internet connection and a web
browser; (5) the Internet has the ability to make software and data files
available for downloading; (6) the Internet has no irreplaceable central
control, administration, or authority; and (7) the United States controls domain
name transfers. n62

   The significance of taking judicial notice of such Internet facts varies. The
ability to instruct a lay jury regarding technical Internet facts can be
especially significant. Consider the following six scenarios in which certain
Internet facts need not to be proven to a jury.

   First, a jury could be instructed that the Internet is able to adapt itself
almost instantaneously to damages or outages to individual sections of the
Internet. n63 This fact means that the loss of individual computers and networks
does not affect the Internet's overall flexibility, accuracy, or speed. If a
court takes judicial notice of this fact, then it need not be proven that the
loss of any individual computer did not affect the Internet's overall
performance.

   Second, a jury could be instructed that Internet communications travel at
near light speed of approximately 186,000 miles per second. This fact means that
even if two computers are half a world apart, they will only experience a tenth
of a second in communications delay. If a court takes judicial notice of this
fact, then it need not be proven that Internet communications are nearly real
time.

   Third, a jury could be instructed that the Internet is based on a common
standard - the TCP/IP network protocol. This fact means that the Internet
provides all computers with access to the network with the same technical
interface and capabilities. If a court takes judicial notice of this fact, then
it need not be proven that the Internet provides universal access, giving the
same powerful capabilities to everyone with access to the network no matter
where they are.

    [*243]  Fourth, a jury could be instructed that the Internet is based on
digital data and that it uses TCP. n64 This fact means that Internet
communications cannot be changed or become distorted over time or in
transmissions between sites. If a court takes judicial notice of this fact, then
it need not be proven that a website does not age and become fuzzy or garbled
over time, and that the characters in an email are not transposed or mixed up
when they are sent over long distances.

   Fifth, a jury could be instructed that all email communications use the
standard programming protocol, TCP/IP, upon which inter-computer communications
are based. This fact means that all emails have TCP error control information;
when an email is sent, "TCP receives the packets and checks for errors[, and
w]hen an error occurs, TCP asks for the particular packet to be re-sent." n65 If
a court takes judicial notice of this fact, then it need not be proven that the
email message received was error-free. Therefore, an email received has the same
content as the email that was sent. Similarly, because all email communications
use the TCP/IP standard upon which inter-computer communications are based, all
emails contain embedded data that is affixed to the document at its creation and
at subsequent times when handled by other computers that promoted its travel. If
a court takes judicial notice of embedded data, then it need not be proven that
the embedded data exists, thus allowing the court to focus directly on the
meaning of that data, such as the identity of the author, the creation date, and
the data concerning authenticity. n66

   Sixth, a jury could be instructed that all Internet communications require
one or more third-party computers as part of the transfer process, and that
Internet programming protocols do not require said third-party computers to
erase data that passes through them. n67 These facts mean that email and
requested Internet webpage files remain within the transfer computers as
residual data on existing "free space." n68 If a court takes judicial notice of
these facts, then it need not be proven that the residual data exists, thus
allowing the court to focus directly on the meaning of that data, such as the
content of the Internet communication, the identity of the author, the creation
date, and the data concerning authenticity.

[*244]

   VI. Conclusion

 The fact that Internet pages open from the upper-left-hand corner out is
capable of accurate and ready determination by resorting to sources whose
accuracy cannot reasonably be questioned. Furthermore, there are other
Internet-related facts that merit judicial notice. Because taking judicial
notice will save judicial resources and save litigants time and effort, courts
should take judicial notice of these Internet programming protocols.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Computer & Internet LawGeneral OverviewEvidenceJudicial NoticeAdjudicative
FactsFacts Generally KnownEvidenceJudicial NoticeLegislative Facts

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Sarah E. Roland, The Uniform Electronic Signatures in Global and
National Commerce Act: Removing Barriers to E-Commerce or Just Replacing Them
with Privacy and Security Issues?, 35 Suffolk U. L. Rev. 625, 625 n.2 (2001).
Internet use as a commercial channel and overall growth of Internet use are two
significant measures. Id. "Online spending during the 1999 holiday season was
more than five billion dollars." Id. A "bold 1999 prediction that U.S. consumer
e-commerce would reach $ 108 billion by 2003 wasn't so far off." Timothy J.
Mullaney, The E-Biz Surprise, Bloomberg Businessweek (May 11, 2003),
http://www.businessweek.com/stories/2003-05-11/the-e-biz-surprise. The Pew
Research Center's Internet & American Life Project conducted Internet use
surveys. The results of the surveys from 2000 and 2012 demonstrate just how much
Internet use has increased. Below is the May 2000 data:



   47% - overall internet population of adults



78% - internet population of those in households earning more than $ 75,000



28% - internet population of those in households earning less than $ 30,000



61% - internet population of those ages 18-29



14% - internet population of those ages 65 and older.



In contrast, below is the January 20-February 19, 2012 data:



80% - overall internet population of adults



98% - internet population of those in households earning more than $ 75,000



65% - internet population of those in households earning less than $ 30,000



94% - internet population of those ages 18-29 online



50% - internet population of those ages 65 and older).

 Presentation Source File, Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life
Project, By the Numbers: Technology's Place in Our Lives (Feb. 23, 2012),
http://www.pewinternet.org/[#x7E]/media/Files/Presentations/2012/Feb/2012%20-%20
2%2023%2012%20-%20Wisdom%202%200%20-%20figures%20about%20tech%20PDF.pdf.

   Internet-related litigation has nearly doubled in the past four years by one
measure. Using the LexisNexis legal research database, only 735 federal cases
from January 1, 2000, to January 1, 2001, contained "Internet" in their head
note section. Comparatively, 1,402 federal cases from January 1, 2004, to
January 1, 2005, contained "Internet" in their head note section.





n2.  The term "judicial notice" is defined as "the cognizance of certain facts
which a judge under rules of legal procedure or otherwise may properly take or
act upon without proof because they are already known to him or because of that
knowledge which a judge has, or is assumed to have by virtue of his office."
Ballentine's Law Dictionary 685 (3d ed. 1969).





n3.  Courts have regularly taken judicial notice of Internet information. As
with traditional publications, courts are most willing to take judicial notice
of information found on government websites. In United States v. Bervaldi, the
court took judicial notice of the time of sunrise, found on the website of the
U.S. Naval Observatory. 226 F.3d 1256, 1266 n.9 (11th Cir. 2000). In Levan v.
Capital Cities/ABC, Inc., the court took notice of the prime interest rate which
it found on the Federal Reserve Board website. 190 F.3d 1230, 1235 n.12 (11th
Cir. 1999). Judicial notice of mileage was taken using the MapQuest site in In
re Extradition of Gonzalez. 52 F. Supp. 2d 725, 731 n.12 (W.D. La. 1999).
Judicial notice was taken of information regarding a bank's ownership from the
bank's website in Laborers' Pension Fund v. Blackmore Sewer Construction, Inc.,
298 F.3d 600, 607 (7th Cir. 2002).





n4.  A court may promote convenience and economy by taking judicial notice of a
fact and dispensing with formal proofs, which is the usual method of
establishing facts at trial. The obvious benefit of such action is associated
with reducing both parties' costs and reducing the need for the court's time if
the court establishes a fact in an adversarial proceeding and dispenses with
formal proof when a matter is not really disputable because there is no real
issue of fact.





n5.  See United States v. Gould, 536 F.2d 216, 219 (8th Cir. 1976) ("It is
apparent that courts may take judicial notice of any fact which is "capable of
such instant and unquestionable demonstration, if desired, that no party would
think of imposing a falsity on the tribunal in the face of an intelligent
adversary.' ") (internal citations omitted).





n6.  See Cosom v. Marcotte, 760 A.2d 886, 893 (Pa. Super. Ct. 2000) (concerning
judicial notice prerequisites, including the requirements that: "(1) the matter
must be a matter of common and general knowledge; (2) it must be well and
authoritatively settled; and (3) it must be known within the limits of the
jurisdiction of the court") (internal citation omitted).





n7.  55 Harv. L. Rev. 364, 404-07 (1942). This dichotomy was noted by Professor
Kenneth Davis in his article An Approach to Problems in Evidence in the
Administrative Process.





n8.  See Fed. R. Evid. 201 advisory committee's note (a) (defining adjudicative
facts).





n9.  Fed. R. Evid. 201(b).





n10.  See, e.g., Sullivan v. Louisiana, 508 U.S. 275 (1993). In that case, the
Court found that, due to Sixth Amendment right to trial by jury concerns, a
judge may not direct a verdict or a partial directed verdict by way of judicial
notice; thus, judicially-noticed facts are not binding in a criminal trial. Id.





n11.  See Commonwealth v. Kingsbury, 393 N.E.2d 391, 393 (Mass. 1979).





n12.  See ACLU v. Reno, 929 F. Supp. 824, 831 (E.D. Pa. 1996) (reporting that
fewer than 300 computers were linked to the Internet in 1981 but that the number
had grown to over 9 million computers by 1996); see also Lee Rainie, Big Jump in
Search Engine Use, Pew Internet & American Life Project (Nov. 20, 2005),
http://www.pewinternet.org/Reports/2005/Big-jump-in-search-engine-use/Data-Memo.
aspx. This on-line article reports:



   Pew Internet Project data from June 2004 show that use of search engines on a
typical day has risen from 30% to 41% of the internet-using population, which
itself has grown in the past year. This means that the number of those using
search engines on an average day jumped from roughly 38 million in June 2004 to
about 59 million in September 2005 - an increase of about 55%. comScore data,
which are derived from a different methodology, show that from September 2004 to
September 2005 the average daily use of search engines jumped from 49.3 million
users to 60.7 million users - an increase of 23%.

 Id.





n13.  See Brenda C. See, Written in Stone? The Record on Appeal and the
Decision-Making Process, 40 Gonz. L. Rev. 157, 190 (2005) (stating that "the
purpose of the doctrine of judicial notice is to permit a court to consider as
... [a] fact without the necessity of formal proof") (internal citation
omitted).





n14.  See Communist Party of United States v. Peek, 127 P.2d 889, 895 (Cal.
1942) ("The doctrine of judicial notice was adopted as a judicial shortcut to
avoid necessity for the formal introduction of evidence in certain cases where
there is no real need for such evidence.").





n15.  See See, supra note 13, at 191 ("A trial court employs judicial notice of
adjudicative facts to move the trial along.").





n16.  See Fed. R. Evid. 201(c)(2) (stating that judicial notice is mandatory if
a court is so requested and supplied with necessary information); see also Haye
v United States, 461 F. Supp. 1168, 1174 (C.D. Cal. 1978).





n17.  See United States v. Ritchie, 342 F.3d 903, 909 (9th Cir. 2003). In this
case, the district court erred by not allowing the claimant to have opportunity
to respond to a request for judicial notice. Id.





n18.  See Fed. R. Evid. 201(b).





n19.  See 29 Am Jur 2d Evidence § 26 (2013) ("Judicial notice is not limited by
the actual knowledge of the individual judge ... .").





n20.  See id.





n21.  See 29 Am Jur 2d, Evidence supra note 19, § 25 (stating that, "in order to
be admissible, evidence must be relevant to the issues in the case").





n22.  Cupey Bajo Nursing Home, Inc. v. United States, 36 Fed. Cl. 122, 135 n.22
(1996) (stating that "by taking judicial notice of a fact, the court may inform
itself of a particular fact without resort to evidentiary proof").





n23.  See generally Edward J. Imwinkelried, Shorten Trial Presentations, Reduce
Litigation Costs; Seasoned Attorneys Frequently Consider Dispensing with Live
Testimony and Instead Take the Judicial Notice Route, N.J. L.J. (Jan. 14, 2002).
This article states that seasoned attorneys frequently consider dispensing with
live testimony and instead take the judicial notice route. Id.





n24.  Alvin Sylvester Zerbe, The Antiquity of Hebrew Writing and Literature 149
(1911); see also Jean-Jacques Glassner, The Invention of Cuneiform: Writing in
Sumer 119 (Zainab Bahrani & Marc Van De Mieroop eds., 2003).

   "Originally pictographs were arranged vertically, from right to left.
Sometime in the latter third millennium the writing came to be arranged
horizontally from left to right. At the same time, all the symbols were rotated
counterclockwise ninety degrees. (These changes probably reflect conveniences in
writing for right-handed scribes.)" J. Michael Stitt, Cuneiform, UNLV Dep't of
English, http://faculty.unlv.edu/jmstitt/Eng480/Writing/Cuneiform.html (last
visited Feb. 16, 2013).





n25.  Carol Bergfeld Mills & Linda J. Weldon, Reading Text from Computer
Screens, 19 ACM Computing Surveys 329 (1987) Section 3.5 Right Justification.





n26.  See U.S. Patent No. 6694485 (filed Feb. 17, 2004); see also U.S. Patent
No. 5987482 (filed Nov. 16, 1999); U.S. Patent No. 4333097 (filed June 1, 1982).





n27.  See generally Heiko Sacher, Interactions in Chinese: Designing Interfaces
for Asian Languages, Sacher Design (Sept.-Oct. 1998),
http://www.sacherdesign.com/papers/Apple_SpeechInput.pdf.





n28.  Reno v. ACLU, 521 U.S. 844, 849 (1997).





n29.  See Alexander R. Galloway, 597 Annals Am. Acad. Pol. & Soc. Sci. 19, 21
(2005). "The protocols that govern much of the Internet are contained in what
are called RFC (Request for Comments) documents. The expression derives from a
memorandum titled "Host Software' sent by Steve Crocker on April 7, 1969, which
is known today as RFC 1." Id.





n30.  See generally James B. Speta, A Common Carrier Approach to Internet
Interconnection, 54 Fed. Comm. L.J. 225 (2002) (discussing TCP/IP and other
aspects of Internet communication).





n31.  See Galloway, supra note 29, at 23. "ANSI, the American National Standards
Institute, is responsible for aggregating and coordinating the standards
creation process in the United States." Id.





n32.  See Eric Goldman, Understanding Internet Co-Branding Deals, 16 Santa Clara
Computer & High Tech. L.J. 65, 73 (2000).





n33.  See Fed. R. Evid. 201(b).





n34.  See, e.g., United States v. Lewis, 833 F.2d 1380 (9th Cir. 1987). In this
case, the lower court erred in taking judicial notice of effects of surgery on
the defendant because the judge relied on his own personal experience rather
than finding that the effects were facts upon which reasonably knowledgeable
people agreed. Id. at 1385-88.





n35.  See, e.g., Norman v. Housing Auth. of Montgomery, 836 F.2d 1292 (11th Cir.
1988). In this case, the court properly took judicial notice of the prevailing
wage rate for local bookkeepers. Id. at 1304.





n36.  See, e.g., Terrebonne v. Blackburn, 646 F.2d 997 (5th Cir. 1981). In this
case, the court took proper judicial notice of pardons by a parole board by
referring to an authorized governmental report. Id. at 1000 n.4.





n37.  Jon Bosak, XML, Java, and the future of the Web, ibiblio (Mar. 10, 1997),
http://www.ibiblio.org/pub/sun-info/standards/xml/why/xmlapps.htm.





n38.  IBM personal computers using DOS and some form of BASIC use PRINT followed
by two sets of quotation marks as their backup/default system.





n39.  Kevin Hughes, Entering the World-Wide Web: A Guide to Cyberspace, Faculty
of Engineering and Physical Sciences University of Surrey-Guildford (Oct. 1993),
http://info.eps.surrey.ac.uk/SCS/manuals/WWW-Guide/.





n40.  Id.





n41.  Robert J. Glushko, How Practical is Practical SGML?, UC Berkeley School of
Information (May 1, 1996),
http://people.ischool.berkeley.edu/[#x7E]glushko/glushko_files/PracticalSGML.pdf
.





n42.  Eric Kasten, HTML: A Gentle Introduction, Linux Journal (July 1, 1995),
http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/1081.





n43.  See Thomas A. Powell, HTML: The Complete Reference 1-17 (2d ed. 1998); see
also Ola Andersson, et al., Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) Tiny 1.2
Specification Section 7.3: The Initial Coordinate System, World Wide Web
Consortium (Dec. 22, 2008),
http://www.w3.org/TR/SVGTiny12/coords.html#InitialCoordinateSystem. Section 7.3
demonstrates "that the initial coordinate system has the origin at the top/left
with the x-axis pointing to the right and the y-axis pointing down." Id.





n44.  Window Coordinate System (Windows), Microsoft (Oct. 25, 2012),
http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/dd145205(the=vs.85).aspx
. The Windows development center explains,



   The coordinate system for a window is based on the coordinate system of the
display device. The basic unit of measure is the device unit (typically, the
pixel). Points on the screen are described by x-and y-coordinate pairs. The
x-coordinates increase to the right; y-coordinates increase from top to bottom.
The origin (0,0) for the system depends on the type of coordinates being used.



The system and applications specify the position of a window on the screen in
screen coordinates. For screen coordinates, the origin is the upper-left corner
of the screen. The full position of a window is often described by a RECT
structure containing the screen coordinates of two points that define the
upper-left and lower-right corners of the window.



The system and applications specify the position of points in a window by using
client coordinates. The origin in this case is the upper-left corner of the
window or client area. Client coordinates ensure that an application can use
consistent coordinate values while drawing in the window, regardless of the
position of the window on the screen.



The dimensions of the client area are also described by a RECT structure that
contains client coordinates for the area. In all cases, the upper-left
coordinate of the rectangle is included in the window or client area, while the
lower-right coordinate is excluded. Graphics operations in a window or client
area are excluded from the right and lower edges of the enclosing rectangle.



Occasionally, applications may be required to map coordinates in one window to
those of another window. An application can map coordinates by using the
MapWindowPoints function. If one of the windows is the desktop window, the
function effectively converts screen coordinates to client coordinates and vice
versa; the desktop window is always specified in screen coordinates.

 Id.





n45.  John R. Sheets, Writing GNOME Applications, Chapter 11,
http://openbooks.sourceforge.net/books/wga/gnome-canvas-coordinates.html (last
visited Feb. 16, 2013). Mr. Sheets explains,



   Window coordinates, the final coordinate system of interest to Canvas users,
are rarely used within the Canvas because most internal Canvas calculations use
world coordinates. Instead window coordinates are used usually outside of the
Canvas. Like canvas coordinates, window coordinates are pixel based, but they
are relative to the upper left corner of the top-level window that owns the
Canvas, rather than to the upper left corner of the Canvas widget.

 Id.; see also GnomeCanvas, The GNOME Project,
http://developer.gnome.org/libgnomecanvas/2.30/GnomeCanvas.html (last visited
Feb. 16, 2013). The Gnome Development Center states,



   There are several different coordinate systems used by GnomeCanvas widgets.
The primary system is a logical, abstract coordinate space called world
coordinates. World coordinates are expressed as unbounded double floating point
numbers. When it comes to rendering to a screen the canvas pixel coordinate
system (also referred to as just canvas coordinates) is used. This system uses
integers to specify screen pixel positions. A user defined scaling factor and
offset are used to convert between world coordinates and canvas coordinates.
Each item in a canvas has its own coordinate system called item coordinates.
This system is specified in world coordinates but they are relative to an item
(0.0, 0.0 would be the top left corner of the item). The final coordinate system
of interest is window coordinates. These are like canvas coordinates but are
offsets from within a window a canvas is displayed in. This last system is
rarely used, but is useful when manually handling GDK events (such as drag and
drop) which are specified in window coordinates (the events processed by the
canvas are already converted for you).

 Id.





n46.  The Java Tutorials: Coordinates, Oracle.com,
http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/2d/overview/coordinate.html (last visited
Mar. 18, 2013). As shown in Figure 1-1, the user space origin is located in the
upper-left corner of the space, with x values increasing to the right and y
values increasing downward. Figure 1-1 User Space Coordinate System User space
represents a uniform abstraction of all possible device coordinate systems. The
device space for a particular device might have the same origin and direction as
user space, or it might be different. Regardless, user space coordinates are
automatically transformed into the appropriate device space when a graphic
object is rendered. Often, the underlying platform device drivers are used to
perform this conversion.

   See Fred Schwartz, Screen Coordinates, Java Notes (Feb. 6, 2002),
http://www.leepoint.net/notes-java/GUI-lowlevel/graphics/10coord. Mr. Schwartz
explains,



   Java programs use an x,y coordinate system for all their graphic operations.
The x coordinate is the pixel distance from the left. The y coordinate is the
pixel distance from the top.



Note that the Java y coordinate system, like most other computer graphics
systems, is different from the normal math coordinate system where the y
coordinate goes up from the bottom.

 Id. (emphasis omitted); see also Coordinates, The Java Tutorials,
http://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/2d/overview/coordinate.html (last visited
Feb. 16, 2013). An online Java tutorial states,



   When the default transformation from user space to device space is used, the
origin of user space is the upper-left corner of the component's drawing area.
The x coordinate increases to the right, and the y coordinate increases downward
... .The top-left corner of a window is 0,0. All coordinates are specified using
integers, which is usually sufficient. However, some cases require floating
point or even double precision which are also supported.

 Id.





n47. " Public law" is defined as the:



   definition, regulation, and enforcement of rights in cases where the state is
regarded as the subject of the right or object of the duty ... and the law of
the state, considered in its quasi private personality, i.e., as capable of
holding or exercising rights, or acquiring and dealing with property, in the
character of an individual.

 Black's Law Dictionary 1106 (5th ed. 1979).

   In contrast "private law" is defined as law "which is concerned with the
definition, regulation, and enforcement of rights in cases where both [parties]
... are private individuals." Id. at 1076.

   Typically private law arises as a result of contract, property, and tort law
disputes and results in rights and duties that only bind the parties to the
transaction. The contracts, such as the one formed by a proper Internet "terms
of use" agreement, allows for enormous variation by virtue of publicly enforced
private law created by such a contract.





n48.  See Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 12 (1981). The Restatement
explains,



   (1) No one can be bound by contract who has not legal capacity to incur at
least voidable contractual duties. Capacity to contract may be partial and its
existence in respect of a particular transaction may depend upon the nature of
the transaction or upon other circumstances.



(2) A natural person who manifests assent to a transaction has full legal
capacity to incur contractual duties thereby unless he is



(a) under guardianship, or



(b) an infant, or



(c) mentally ill or defective, or



(d) intoxicated.

 Id.





n49.  See id. § 18 ("Manifestation of mutual assent to an exchange requires that
each party either make a promise or begin or render a performance.").





n50.  See id. § 71(1) ("To constitute consideration, a performance or a return
promise must be bargained for.").





n51.  See ProCD, Inc. v. Zeidenberg, 86 F.3d 1447, 1449 (7th Cir. 1996); see
also Hill v. Gateway 2000 Inc., 105 F.3d 1147, 1150 (7th Cir. 1997).





n52.  See Sharon K. Sandeen, The Sense and Nonsense of Web Site Terms of Use
Agreements, 26 Hamline L. Rev. 499, 548-49 (2003) (stating that the recipient of
a click-wrap agreement could manifest assent by clicking on an "I agree" icon,
whereas the manifestation of assent to a browse-wrap agreement can only be
inferred from inaction, and is thus unenforceable due to lack of assent).





n53.  Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 21.





n54.  See id. § 33. The Restatement indicates,



   (1) Even though a manifestation of intention is intended to be understood as
an offer, it cannot be accepted so as to form a contract unless the terms of the
contract are reasonably certain.



(2) The terms of a contract are reasonably certain if they provide a basis for
determining the existence of a breach and for giving an appropriate remedy.



(3) The fact that one or more terms of a proposed bargain are left open or
uncertain may show that a manifestation of intention is not intended to be
understood as an offer or as an acceptance.

 Id.





n55.  Black's Law Dictionary defines judicial notice as "the cognizance of
certain facts which [courts] may properly take and act upon without proof,
because they already know them." Black's Law Dictionary 761 (6th ed. 1990).





n56.  Packer Corp. v. Utah, 285 U.S. 105, 110 (1932).





n57.  499 U.S. 585 (1991).





n58.  Id. at 585.





n59.  Id. at 594.





n60.  Id. at 587 (emphasis omitted).





n61.  Id. at 587-88.





n62.  A "domain name" is a user-friendly alphanumeric address associated with
one or more computers connected to the Internet used in lieu of a numeric
address for those computers. A numeric address is also known as an IP address.





n63.  See Religious Tech. Ctr. v. Netcom On-Line Commc'n. Servs. Inc., 907 F.
Supp. 1361, 1370 n.13 (N.D. Cal. 1995) ("The decentralized network was designed
so that if one link in the chain be closed off, the information will be
dynamically rerouted through another link.").





n64.  See Galloway, supra note 29, at 23 ("TCP makes communication on the Web
notably reliable: information is monitored during transport and is re-sent if
lost or corrupted.").





n65.  Richard Allan Horning, Has HAL Signed a Contract: The Statute of Frauds in
Cyberspace, 12 Santa Clara Computer & High Tech. L.J. 253, 258 (1996).





n66.  For example, the relationship and arrangement of the embedded data in a
particular email file, when compared with other electronic files in a directory
listing, may offer helpful information regarding its authenticity. This data can
be particularly useful when the authenticity of an email is disputed.





n67.  See Religious Tech. Ctr., 907 F. Supp. at 1370 (detailing how Internet
communications travel between and among computers).





n68.  It should also be noted that there are off-the-shelf software programs
that can quickly retrieve "deleted" files that have not been overwritten.
Additionally, expert technicians can generally recover files that have been
overwritten. See Alexander v. FBI, 188 F.R.D. 111, 116-17 (D.D.C. 1998).


                               60 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Most votes to date

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Technology; DL AWARDS 2014

LENGTH: 2316 words


BEST SMARTPHONES

BEST OVERALL SMARTPHONE

Current Leader: Apple iPhone 5s

The iPhone's reign looks set to continue after Apple's latest, the iPhone 5s,
took an early lead over its closest rival, the Samsung Galaxy Note 3. While the
design is unchanged from the previous model, the iPhone 5s with its better
camera, new 64-bit processor and fingerprint scanner, seems to have gone down
well with consumers.

The other nominees

HTC One

LG G2

Samsung Galaxy Note 3

Sony Xperia Z1

BEST ANDROID SMARTPHONE

Current leader: Samsung Galaxy S4

South Korea's Samsung is on course to retain its top spot in the Android
smartphone category with the latest Galaxy S4. Despite good reviews for the HTC
One, Samsung's flagship Galaxy phone appears to be the favourite with consumers
so far. Its top-notch hardware is probably responsible for its success.

The other nominees

Asus PadFone Infinity

HTC One

LG G2

Sony Xperia Z1

BEST PHABLET (ABOVE 5.5 INCHES)

Current leader: Samsung Galaxy Note 3

The phablet category was created by Samsung with the original Galaxy Note. The
latest version refines the formula with improved apps that utilise a stylus and
large screen to its full potential. Its rivals have much catching up to do in
both the hardware and software arenas - not to mention winning the hearts and
minds of consumers.

The other nominees

HTC One Max

LG G Flex

Nokia Lumia 1520

Sony Xperia Z Ultra

BEST SMARTPHONE CAMERA

Current leader: Apple iPhone 5s

The iPhone 5s may not have the raw megapixel count of the Nokia Lumia 1020 or
the low-light performance of the HTC One Max's UltraPixel camera, but it is
apparent from the voting that the iPhone's speed and ease of use is what
consumers value in a smartphone camera.

The other nominees

HTC One Max

Nokia Lumia 1020

Samsung Galaxy Note 3

Sony Xperia Z1

BEST TABLETS

BEST TABLET (ABOVE 9 INCHES)

Apple iPad Air

Apple's flagship tablet received a significant makeover last year. The new iPad
Air is much lighter and has a new 64-bit processor with better performance. More
importantly, Apple still has the edge when it comes to the app ecosystem, which
is a major plus point for consumers when picking a tablet.

The other nominees

Asus Transformer Pad TF701

Lenovo Yoga Tablet 10

Samsung Note 10.1 2014

Sony Xperia Tablet Z

BEST TABLET (BELOW 9 INCHES)

Current leader: Apple iPad mini with Retina display

With the iPad mini getting a crucial Retina display upgrade that keeps it on a
par with its Android rivals, it is not surprising that Apple enjoys a
comfortable lead here. Both the iPad Air and the mini now have identical
hardware, so consumers are getting a very capable tablet.

The other nominees

Google Nexus 7

Lenovo Yoga Tablet 8

LG G Tablet 8.3

Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with LTE

BEST ANDROID TABLET

Current leader: Samsung Note 10.1 2014

So far, Samsung's stylus-toting Note 10.1 is holding its own against the Google
Nexus 7. This may indicate that consumers appreciate the Note 10.1's S Pen
stylus and multitasking capabilities over the cleaner Android interface on the
Nexus. Or simply that they think bigger is better and therefore Samsung's
10-inch Note trumps the Nexus' 7-inch slate.

The other nominees

Asus Transformer Pad TF701

Google Nexus 7

LG G Tablet 8.3

Sony Xperia Tablet Z

BEST WINDOWS TABLET

Current leader: Asus Transformer Book T100

The Asus Transformer Book T100 holds a slight lead over the Microsoft Surface
Pro. It is not hard to see why. This 10.1-inch tablet is affordably priced and
comes with a keyboard dock. Battery life is excellent with its Intel Atom chip.
While the Surface Pro has a more powerful Intel Core processor, its battery
drains too fast for our liking.

The other nominees

Dell Venue Pro 11

Lenovo ThinkPad Helix

Microsoft Surface Pro

Sony Vaio Tap 11

BEST LAPTOPS

BEST GAMING LAPTOP

Current leader: Dell Alienware 18

The Alienware brand is practically synonymous with gaming laptops. Dell's latest
Alienware 18 lives up to its reputation with dual GeForce GTX 780M graphics
chips that should run all the latest games at the highest settings. The laptop
also features a new design with plenty of LEDs that should appeal to gamers.

The other nominees

Aftershock Titan

Asus G750JX

MSI GS70 Stealth

Razer Blade Pro (2013)

BEST THIN AND LIGHT LAPTOP

Current leader: Asus Zenbook UX301LA

With its stunning Gorilla Glass lid, the Asus Zenbook may be the best looking
ultrabook here. It also leads the class in performance with a high-resolution
screen, a graphics chip that is faster than the standard ultrabook, solid-state
drive and a 802.11ac wireless adaptor. Its battery life is not as good as its
competitors' but its other attributes have clearly given it the edge.

The other nominees

Dell XPS 13 (2013)

HP Spectre 13

Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro

Sony Vaio Pro 13

BEST HYBRID LAPTOP

Current leader: Asus Transformer Book Trio

Asus' innovative take on the hybrid is a device with Android and Windows 8
operating systems, a dual OS approach that Intel adopted recently. The Trio is
the only hybrid computer here to have two processors. This design allows for
interesting formulations - including attaching the dock to an external monitor
to function as a stand-alone computer - as well as the more typical tablet and
laptop modes.

The other nominees

Acer Aspire R7

Dell XPS 11

Sony Vaio Duo 13

Sony Vaio Fit 13A

BEST BUSINESS LAPTOP

Current leader: Lenovo ThinkPad X240

The ThinkPad X1 Carbon was the winner of this category in the last Digital Life
Awards and the new ThinkPad X240 looks set to continue this tradition. While it
looks like a typical ThinkPad, the X240 has a more streamlined keyboard and
touchpad design. The keyboard remains as tactile as ever and the hardware has
been upgraded to the latest Intel Haswell chip.

The other nominees

Asus BU400A

Dell Latitude 14 7000 Series

HP EliteBook 840 G1

Toshiba Portege Z30

BEST LAPTOPS

BEST MAINSTREAM LAPTOP

Current leader: Samsung Series 7 Chronos

A battery life of almost nine hours sounds unlikely for a 15-inch mainstream
laptop, but we achieved it with the aluminium-clad Chronos. Despite running on
an older Ivy Bridge Intel processor, this Samsung laptop is still one of the
best in its category with an AMD graphics chip and 8GB RAM.

The other nominees

Acer Aspire V7

Dell Inspiron 15 7000 series

HP Envy 14 TouchSmart

Lenovo Flex 14

BEST CAMERAS

BEST OVERALL CAMERA

Current leader: Olympus OM-D E-M1

This Olympus mirrorless camera is deservedly ahead of the other excellent
nominees in the Best Overall Camera category. Its speed, especially when
autofocusing, is impressive. Its lightweight body looks pleasing, but it is also
able to withstand dust and water splashes. It may not have the highest
megapixels but image quality is still top-notch.

The other nominees

Fujifilm X100S

Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX7

Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II

Sony a7R

BEST PROSUMER COMPACT CAMERA

Current leader: Canon PowerShot S120

The PowerShot S110 emerged as the Readers' Choice in this category the last
time. The PowerShot S120 model is halfway there. Despite being the most compact
here with its slim metallic body, the S120 packs a 12.1-megapixel image sensor
with optical zoom lens. Another cool feature is a built-in filter that slows
shutter speeds in bright sunlight.

The other nominees

Fujifilm X20

Nikon Coolpix A

Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX1R

Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II

BEST INTERCHANGEABLE LENS CAMERA (MICRO FOUR THIRDS AND BELOW)

Current leader: Olympus OM-D E-M1

This mirrorless camera impressed us with its speedy performance. It powers up
quickly and has almost no shutter lag. Its magnesium alloy body is lighter than
a typical DSLR, but feels sturdy and provides a secure grip. More importantly,
the image quality is excellent. It is no wonder that it is so popular with
readers.

The other nominees

Nikon 1 AW1

Olympus PEN E-P5

Panasonic Lumix DMC-GM1

Panasonic Lumix DMC-GX7

BEST INTERCHANGEABLE LENS CAMERA (APS-C)

Current leader: Canon EOS 70D

A new autofocusing technology is the lynchpin of the Canon EOS 70D. Its Dual
Pixel CMOS AF uses a new image sensor with two light detectors, or photodiodes,
that combine to generate a 20.2-megapixel image. The two can also work
independently in Live View mode to enable faster focusing.

The other nominees

Canon EOS 700D

Fujifilm X-E2

Nikon D7100

Samsung NX300

BEST INTERCHANGEABLE LENS CAMERA (FULL-FRAME)

Current leader: Nikon D610

The Nikon D610 introduces a host of tweaks that improved on the D600 DSLR's auto
white balance and sped up continuous shooting performance. Users will still get
a 24.3-megapixel CMOS sensor with a 39-point autofocusing system. It has two SD
card slots for extra storage.

The other nominees

Leica M (Typ 240)

Nikon Df

Sony a7

Sony a7R

MOST INNOVATIVE PRODUCT

MOST INNOVATIVE PRODUCT

Current leader: LG Curved OLED TV

Sony's latest PlayStation 4 has got off to a great start with a reported 4.2
million units sold last year. But in the race for the Most Innovative Product,
it plays second fiddle to LG's Curved Oled TV. Its gentle curvature creates an
Imax-like experience, with accurate colour reproduction and deeper blacks and
whites than usual.

The other nominees

Asus Transformer Book Trio

Samsung Galaxy NX

Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX100

Sony PlayStation 4

BEST GAMES

BEST OVERALL GAME

Current leader: Grand Theft Auto V (Rockstar Games)

Close to 30 million copies have been sold since it was launched last September,
so it is hardly a surprise to see Grand Theft Auto V doing well among our
readers. With a large open game world to explore and three protagonists to
control, there is plenty to do in this game.

The other nominees

Beyond: Two Souls

Bioshock Infinite

The Last of Us

Tomb Raider

BEST SHOOTER GAME

Current leader: Battlefield 4

The highly anticipated fourth instalment of this popular multiplayer shooter
franchise introduces a new Commander mode which puts a player in charge of the
major strategic decisions for each side. But it is the massive battles involving
air, land and new water-based vehicles that elevate Battlefield 4 above the
competition.

The other nominees

Bioshock Infinite

Crysis 3

Dead Space 3

Metro: Last Light

BEST ACTION ADVENTURE GAME

Current leader: Grand Theft Auto V (Rockstar Games)

Rockstar Games' latest blockbuster leads this category despite strong
competition from rivals such as Assassin's Creed IV and The Last of Us.

While the other games here are excellent, Grand Theft Auto V's scope and
replayability is unmatched and will likely occupy you for weeks, if not months.

The other nominees

Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag

Beyond: Two Souls

The Last of Us

Tomb Raider

BEST SPORTS/RACING GAME

Current leader: Fifa 14

Football's popularity extends into the digital realm. For the second year
running, Fifa leads this category in our Readers' Choice awards.

The latest iteration improves the gameplay with even more realistic player
movement and physics. Stadium atmosphere has been enhanced to change according
to the performance of the teams. It is almost like being there.

The other nominees

F1 2013

Gran Turismo 6

NBA2K14

Need For Speed Rivals

BEST ROLE-PLAYING GAME

Current leader: Final Fantasy XIV: A Realm Reborn

Square Enix has done the impossible: turn around a MMO that had flopped horribly
at launch. The reboot, appropriately named A Realm Reborn, is excellent, as its
1.5 million subscribers (at last count) can testify. In addition to being a
contender for the best MMORPG last year, it is one of the best Final Fantasy
games in years.

The other nominees

Lightning Returns: Final Fantasy XIII

Ni No Kuni: Wrath Of The White Witch

Shadowrun Returns

Tales Of Xillia

BEST MADE-IN-SINGAPORE GAMES

CURRENT LEADERS

Brave Frontier (Gumi Asia)

The current front runner in this category, Brave Frontier, is a Japanese-style
RPG that lets you control up to five manga-style heroes to battle hordes of
monsters.

The combat is reminiscent of the turn-based style found in classic Final Fantasy
games, while hero characters can be upgraded by "fusing" them with another.

Monster Blade (Nubee)

Monster slaying is hardly an original premise but we are not quibbling if it is
as entertaining and visually stunning as Monster Blade.

Each monster is aligned to one of five elements that it is strong in but, at the
same time, it is weaker when up against a monster from an opposing element. This
system creates a good amount of depth that requires brains in addition to
knowing the finger swipes to execute a combination of moves.

Puzzle Trooper (Gumi Asia)

The other Gumi Asia game here besides Brave Frontier, Puzzle Trooper takes your
standard match-three puzzle game and infuses it with a cartoon army theme. The
game visuals look very polished and the audio is excellent. With more than

1.2 million downloads since June, this game has certainly amassed quite a
following.

The other nominees

Awakening: The Sunhook Spire (Boomzap Entertainment)

Conquest Age

(Daylight Studios)

Cubetractor (Ludochip)

Dusty Revenge

(PD Design Studio)

Heroes Of Honor

(NonStop Games)

Pixel People (Lambdamu Games)

Ravenmark Mercenaries (Witching Hour Studios)

BEST AUDIO

BEST HEADPHONES

Current leader: Sennheiser Momentum On-Ear

In the last Digital Life awards season, Sennheiser topped this category under
Readers' Choice.

This time, the Momentum looks set to win it for Sennheiser again, with a solid
lead over second-placed Audio-Technica. The Momentum's audio reproduction is
excellent with plenty of detail, resulting in a punchy sound that does not go
overboard.

The other nominees

Audio-Technica ATH-ES700

Grado PS500

Marshall Monitor

NAD Viso HP50

BEST EARPHONES

Current leader: Shure SE846

These Shure earphones do not come cheap, but they are definitely worth it. Few
competitors can match their audio quality, especially the deep bass reproduction
and warm vocals. The SE846's transparent design is stunning. The earphones are
bundled with plenty of accessories, including a pair of Kevlar-reinforced
detachable cables.

The other nominees

Jays a-Jays Five

Klipsch X11i

Onkyo IE-HF300

Sony XBA-H3

Compiled by Vincent Chang

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               61 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Alibaba places China smartphone business bet with $590m Meizu deal

LENGTH: 1748  words


Alibaba is taking a $590 million stake in an obscure domestic smartphone maker
Meizu Technology Co, as the e-commerce giant tests ways to expand its mobile
operating system.

People walk at the headquarters of Alibaba in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, April
23, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is taking a $590 million stake in an obscure
domestic smartphone maker as the e-commerce giant tests ways to expand its
mobile operating system in a shrinking, cut-throat handset market.

Extending a previously muted push into hardware, Alibaba said on Monday it will
buy an unspecified minority stake in smartphone maker Meizu Technology Co.
Dwarfed by rivals like Xiaomi Inc, privately owned Meizu's slice of China's
smartphone market is estimated by analysts at below 2 percent.

The deal, unlike US rival Amazon.com Inc's foray into smartphones with its
own-brand Fire Phone, is designed to help Alibaba push its mobile operating
system within China through Meizu's handsets. In return, Zhuhai, Guangdong-based
Meizu will get access to Alibaba's e-commerce sales channels and other
resources, the companies said in a joint statement.

For China's e-commerce king, with a market value of $213 billion, the $590
million price tag may be a costly entry fee. Meizu's reach in China, and likely
that of the Alibaba operating system, is severely blunted by domestic leaders
Xiaomi, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group, as well as multinational
giants Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.

"You could say they're spending $590 million to experiment a bit and see what
happens - it's an expensive experiment, right?" said Michael Clendenin, Managing
Director at Shanghai-based RedTech Advisors.

"My concern is that some Internet players are confusing being able to just spend
a couple hundred million dollars to buy a piece of hardware that looks pretty
cool but is essentially a copy of what Apple has done and what Xiaomi has done,"
he said.

Together, the leading five brands accounted for nearly 60 percent of China's
smartphone market in the fourth quarter of 2014, said Nicole Peng, a
Shanghai-based analyst with data research firm Canalys.

Meizu has pumped up shipments from a few hundred thousand in previous years to
under 2 million in the last three months of 2014, but it still had less than 2
percent of China's smartphone market share in that quarter, said Peng.

Pedestrians walk past a store of Meizu smartphones in Nanchang city, East
China's Jiangxi province, November 29, 2012. [Photo/IC]

As well as intense competition, Alibaba and Meizu must contend with flagging
sales of smartphones, even though China is the world's largest market for the
devices.

Some 557 million people access the Internet via mobile devices, according to
government data. But shipments in China were 389 million phones in 2014, down
from 423 million the previous year, according to China's Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology.

Related stories:

Smartphone maker Meizu faces stiff branding issues by Jack Freifelderwith China
Daily

Chinese smartphone maker Meizu Technology Co will look to sell its smartphones
in the US later this year, but the move could prove difficult because of the
company's lack of brand recognition, according to analysts.

"If we went to Times Square and polled 100 people, or even 1,000 people, about
top smartphone companies, Meizu is not going to be on that list," Ramon Llamas,
a research manager with the International Data Corp's (IDC) Mobile Phones Team,
said Monday in an interview with China Daily. "For a company like Meizu,
differentiation is going to have to be key."

"If you look at some of the other Chinese companies, they all got their start at
some of the smaller regional carriers - things like Cricket Wireless, Virgin
Mobile USA and MetroPCS," Llamas added. "That was their foothold in the market.
General market trends were favorable about two to four years ago, but the window
is closing in the US."

Meizu said in December that previewing its smartphones at this year's
International Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas was the first step in
the company's attempt to bring its products to the US. Reuters reported on Jan
10 that more than 1,800 Chinese companies had products on display at the show.

"Meizu believes there's room in the US market for another player," the company
said in a Dec 18 press release in announcing it would be at the 47th annual CES.

The consumer electronics company is based in Zhuhai, Guangdong province and
manufactures smartphones and music players that are available in Hong Kong and
on the Chinese mainland.

"For a small company like Meizu to come in, it strikes me as a bit of a bold
move," said Wayne Lam, senior mobile handset analyst with international market
research firm IHS Inc. "The North American market is a very developed market,
and it's different from the rest of the world in that the handsets tend to skew
at the higher end. Meizu doesn't have that branding or the marketing to really
stand on its own."

"As a Chinese manufacturer, it boils down to who their partners are in rolling
things out," Lam added.

Frank Gillett, an analyst with Forrester Research, said success for a Chinese
company would not be instantaneous.

"It's very difficult for a new handset player to break into the US market,"
Gillett said Monday in an e-mail to China Daily. "They'll have to build good
relationships with the carriers to provide an alternative to Samsung, Google or
Apple. Success may be possible in the long-term, but it will be very challenging
for Meizu."

Top 10 Chinese smartphone makers by chinadaily.com.cn

Chinese smartphone buyers are paying increasing attention to homemade brands,
according to research from a consumer survey company under zol.com.cn, the
nation's largest electronics information platform.

Popularity ratings for local companies such as ZTE, OPPO, Xiaomi Corp, Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group Ltd surged in 2013 compared with the
previous year.

Let's have a look at the most famous Chinese smartphone brands.

Models pose with K-TOUCH smartphones during the 2013 Tianyi (E-surfing) Handset
Fair and Mobile Internet Forum in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong province,
June 21, 2013. [Photo/IC]

No 10 K-Touch

K-Touch was registered in 2006. During the past few years, Beijing Tianyu
Communication Equipment Co Ltd have successfully built the recognized brand
K-Touch as one of the well-known consumer brands in domestic market.

TCL's 4G terminal booth at the TEL 4G Products Promotion Conference in Beijing,
March 25, 2014. [Photo/Xinhua]

No 9 TCL

Founded in 1981, TCL is one of the largest consumer electronics enterprises in
China with a global presence. TCL Corporation has three listed companies: TCL
Corporation, TCL Multimedia and TCL Communication.

People visit the stand of Gionee during the China Mobile Global Partner
Conference 2013 in Guangzhou city, South China's Guangdong province, Dec 18,
2013. [Photo/IC]

No 8 Gionee

Gionee Communication Equipment Co Ltd was founded on September 2002 by Liu Li
Rong. It is a high tech enterprise that focuses on the R&D, production and sales
of cellular mobile devices. In 2005, Gionee obtained the GSM and CDMA mobile
phone production license.

MEIZU has recently released the Meizu MX series of Android smartphones and is in
one of best selling Chinese smartphones. [Photo/meizu.com]

No 7 MEIZU

Established in 2003 and headquartered in Zhuhai, South China's Guangdong
province, MEIZU designs and produces smartphones created to provide a simple,
intuitive mobile experience for people whose time is expected to be simply spent
in using their devices, instead of figuring out the way of using them.

Three classic smartphones: OPPO Find 7, OPPO N1 and OPPO R1. [Photo/oppo.com]

No 6 OPPO

OPPO Electronics Co, another Chinese producer, has released the Find 7 series
featuring high-quality image-capture functions and rapid charging features. The
price is less than 3,000 yuan.

Lenovo tablets and mobile phones are displayed during a news conference on the
company's annual results in Hong Kong in May 23, 2013. [Photo/Agencies]

No 5 Lenovo

The world's largest personal computer maker Lenovo Group Ltd sees the smartphone
market as a stepping stone to enter other mobile consumer electronics markets
because of its popularity in both emerging and developed markets. According to a
Gartner report, Lenovo was the world's third-largest smartphone manufacturer in
terms of market share as of the third quarter of 2013.

Smartphones are displayed at the stand of Coolpad during PT/EXPO COMM CHINA 2012
in Beijing, China, Sept 22, 2012. [Photo/IC]

No 4 Coolpad

The producer of Coolpad cellphones, Yulong Computer Telecommunication Scientific
Co has invested heavily in R&D to develop inexpensive but sophisticated
cellphones under Chief Executive Guo Deying.

A model shows a Xiaomi Mi3 smart phone at a press conference in Taipei,
Southeast China's Taiwan, Feb 20, 2014. [Photo/Xinhua]

No 3 Xiaomi

Fast-growing Chinese smart phone maker Xiaomi, one of the most successful
start-ups in China in recent years, has previously said that it will sell its
flagship Mi3 smart phone to the Singapore market at S$419 ($332). Xiaomi has so
far been selling its products in China, including Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.

China's first lady Peng Liyuan is taking pictures with a home-made smartphone.
Peng's Nubia Z5 Mini, a darling work of Shenzhen, Guangdong-based ZTE Corp, is
empowered with a 13-mega-pixel rare camera with such features as taking panorama
images. [Photo/China Daily]

No 2 ZTE

China's first lady Peng Liyuan was spotted taking pictures with a home-made
smartphone during a State visit to Germany last week with her husband President
Xi Jinping. Peng's Nubia Z5 Mini, a darling work of Shenzhen, Guangdong-based
ZTE Corp, is empowered with a 13-mega-pixel rare camera with such features as
taking panorama images. The price tag of an entry-level Z5 Mini is below 1,500
yuan ($240).

Huawei CEO Richard Yu shows the MediaPad X1, priced at 399 euros, the world's
slimmest 7-inch LTE Cat4-enabled all-in-one phablet, during Huawei presentation
before the start of the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, February 23, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

No 1 Huawei

Huawei emerged as the world's third-largest smartphone manufacturer last year,
following South Korea-based Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and US-based Apple Inc.
Huawei's consumer business, mainly consisting of smartphone sales, received 57
billion yuan in revenue, a year-on-year rise of 18 percent.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               62 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       January 9, 2015 Friday 8:13 AM GMT

CES 2015: 25 new products and technologies worth talking about;
From battery-swapping scooters and people-sensing drones to action cams, virtual
reality headsets and smart beds for kids

BYLINE: Stuart Dredge

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2244 words


In many ways, this year's CES technology show in Las Vegas is business as usual.
Devices are getting thinner, a new acronym is spawned every minute, and every
company is revolutionising something in their press releases.

What are the products whose implications will last longer than the in-show hype,
though? Below, we've rounded up 25 of the new products and technologies from CES
2015 that are worth talking about. Which, note, isn't the same thing as calling
them the "best" products or the ones most likely to be commercially successful.

Take a read, then have your say in the comments section on some of the issues
raised by these products.

Gogoro Smartscooter

Gogoro's Smartscooter is an electric scooter with a range of nearly 100 miles,
but you don't recharge its battery: you swap it. The company will operate a
series of hubs where batteries can be reserved ahead of time, then swapped for
the one that's running out. There's no news on its launch date or likely price,
including the cost of the ongoing subscription for the batteries.

Talking point: better or worse than the Tesla model of charging points?


Voxel8 3D printer

There are plenty of 3D printer companies showing off their new devices at CES,
but the Voxel8 is the most intriguing of the lot. Its focus is on printing
electronic circuits rather than just plastic objects, using conductive ink that
dries quickly, and can be embedded in other objects. In the future, it could be
used from devices including hearing aids, wearable gadgets and even quadcopter
drones.

Talking point: What does it mean for tech if we can print our own circuits?


Nvidia Tegra X1

                     Nvidia's latest chip isn't a chip - at least not according
to the company, which is pitching it as a "superchip" thanks to its 256
processor cores and eight CPU cores. Introduced at CES amid some grand claims -
"more power than a supercomputer the size of a suburban family home from 15
years ago" - it'll be making its way into products in due course - including
cars, via Nvidia's Drive CX cockpit computer, which sports two of 'em.

Talking point: is "mobile computing" a separate category any more,
processor-wise?

Sharp Aquos Beyond 4K Ultra HDTV

If you've been playing oneupmanship with friends on the quality of your
television, Sharp just unlocked a new level: 8K. Well, not strictly 8K - hence
the "beyond 4K" in the title of its new TV, which uses pixel-splitting
technology to deliver an effective resolution of 7,680 x 4,320. Or, as the
company is pitching it: "virtual 8K". It'll also be one of the flagship models
for Google's new Android TV platform.

Talking point: that's a nice 8K telly, but who's making 8K shows and films?


SkySpecs Guardian drone

Remember that hovering drone in TGI Friday that spoilt Christmas for one diner
by flying into her nose ? It turns out some drone companies are thinking hard
about getting drones to avoid humans. SkySpecs showed its Guardian drone at the
TechCrunch Hardware Battlefield contest during CES, with its ability to sense
humans walking towards its whirring blades, and take evasive action.

Talking point: how would this work in a crowded area: for example a restaurant?


Razer OSVR Hacker Dev Kit

Known for its PC and gaming accessories, Razer is also hoping to give Facebook's
Oculus Rift virtual reality headset some competition. Its OSVR headset isn't a
commercial product, as such: the $199 device is more a development platform to
help people experiment with VR apps and games, with partners including Unity,
Sixense and Leap Motion.

Talking point: can this stop Oculus dominating developers' thoughts for VR?


Siemens smart hearing aids

In terms of technology that actually has an impact on people's daily lives,
drones and VR headsets come a long way behind hearing aids. That's why Siemens'
latest products in that category deserve a wider airing: the "smart" part is
their promised ability to adapt to different conditions, as well as their
integration with iOS and Android apps for other features.

Talking point: hearing aids - will people want apps for that?


Sony FDR-X100V action camera

GoPro doesn't have the "action camera" market all to itself: traditional tech
firms like Sony are just as keen to be helping bikers, skiiers and other
explorers - drones included - record their feats. Its new $500 camera 's key
selling point is its ability to record at 4K resolution, as well as the promise
of wind-noise reduction.

Talking point: can Sony dislodge GoPro as the helmet/drone-cam of choice?


HP Zvr 3D display

There are plenty of concept products floating around CES 2015, as in previous
years. HP's Zvr display will be going on sale, though, with a pair of glasses
and a connected stylus that enable users to see and manipulate objects in 3D.
Including, in the CES demo given to The Verge, a beating heart. For educational
potential alone, this is well worth watching.

Talking point: when will this tech be affordable enough to be more than a
novelty?

Intel Curie

Intel wants to be big in wearables: 2014's acquisition of fitness-tracker firm
Basis Science and its $25m investment in smart eyewear maker Vuzix show that.
Curie is the latest sign of its ambitions: a button-sized device including
Intel's system-on-a-chip for wearable devices. The idea is that manufacturers
will use Curie to give them a head start when making wearables, including
preserving battery life.

Talking point: fitness-trackers, yes, but what else will Curie power?


Volkswagen Golf R Touch Concept

The fact that Minority Report gets wheeled out so often as a comparison for
whizzy gestural user interfaces suggests we need more filmmakers to dream up
future tech. Without Tom Cruise in sight, the controls for Volkswagen's new
concept car 's dashboard are interesting: tracking hand movements via a 3D
camera to trigger volume, lighting and other features without you actually
touching the dashboard.

Talking point: is this more distracting than reaching out for a knob or button?


MakerBot's new 3D printing materials

MakerBot didn't launch any new 3D printers at CES, focusing instead on
announcing some new materials for its customers to print with. Its new filaments
use composites of limestone, iron and wood to provide a greater range of looks
and textures for items printed. Good for anyone making prototypes of objects
that don't lend themselves to a plastic finish.

Talking point: a bigger leap forward for 3D printing than any single new
printer?

Snapdragon Cargo

Qualcomm is another big company that wants to take a pivotal role in new
technologies: drones, in this case. Snapdragon Cargo is a "flying and rolling
robot with an integrated flight controller", a showcase for its Snapdragon
processor in the same way that its Snapdragon Rover and Micro Rover robots were.

Talking point: how soon will Cargo's tech be available in affordable consumer
drones?

New Mophie Juice Packs

There's nothing wildly new about Mophie's new battery packs for the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones, but for many owners of those devices, they'll be a
big deal: promising up to 120% extra juice per charge for the 6 and 60% for the
6 Plus. While the latter handset in particular has a beefier battery than
previous iPhones, the balance between battery life and performance means
companies like Mophie have become an important part of many people's smartphone
lives.

Talking point: seriously though, when is the next big leap in battery tech?


HP Stream mini PC

HP thinks there's legs in teeny-tiny PCs, judging by its two-inch Stream mini,
which will be accompanied by a more expensive Pavilion mini with a similar shape
and size. The company is promising quiet running thanks to the devices using 45
watts of power, with an emphasis on cloud storage (with just 32GB of local
storage, you'll likely be needing it).

Talking point: would people rather have tiny PCs or decent-sized tablets?


Samsung SUHD TVs

Another year, another acronym in the world of high-end televisions: Samsung's
SUHD sets are even more super (presumably) than existing UHD (ultra
high-definition) sets that people have been buying since the last CES. Cue
boasts of "eco-friendly nano-crystal technology and intelligent SUHD
re-mastering picture quality engine" from Samsung, and cries of "oh, they're
curvy" from punters.

Talking point: how is the picture really better, in plain English?


Sony SmartEyeglass Attach!

Google Glass is far from a mainstream success, but there are a smattering of
other companies hoping to bring smart eyewear to the masses. Or at least to a
few more people who aren't rich white men in Silicon Valley. Sony actually has
two products on the go, but its SmartEyeglass Attach! is the most interesting,
since it clips on to normal glasses with its miniature screen.

Talking point: how small does it need to get before it's ready for the
mainstream?

Panasonic UHD Blu-ray player

Another prototype with an unclear on-sale date, but Panasonic is the first
company to break cover with a Blu-ray player capable of pumping out 4K-quality
video, rather than just 1080p content. It's expected to be one of several models
by the end of this year, although nobody tell Panasonic about Sharp's "virtual
8K" plans...

Talking point: will you watch 4K films from physical discs or streamed from
Netflix?

Withings Activité Pop

This new fitness-tracking watch isn't just one of the cheapest in its category -
it'll sell for $150 - but also one of the nicest looking thanks to its neat,
traditional design. The Activité Pop is a third of the price of its predecessor,
the Withings Activité, counting steps and sleep quality alike. And it promises
to run for eight months at a time from a standard watch battery.

Talking point: are watches ultimately going to be the best fitness-tracking
devices?

Samsung SSD T1 storage device

That 16GB USB drive you carry around for work? Pfft. Samsung's latest tiny
storage device is - TECH CLICHÉ ALERT - the size of a business card, yet can
hold up to a terabyte of content in its most expensive version. For anyone who
needs to transfer files quickly between devices, this and similar devices are
likely to be common, with the price coming down relatively quickly too.

Talking point: would this appeal over cloud storage for you?

Toshiba ChihiraAico robot

She looks very realistic. She talks... slightly less so. But ChihiraAico is a
"communication Android" - an early glimpse at the kind of robots that might be
working in "tomorrow's service industry and homes". Translation: you can be as
rude as you like about her now, but when you're old and ChihiraAico version 4.0
is making your lunch, you may regret it.

Talking point: are robots more or less creepy if they're humanoid?


Narrative Clip 2

Narrative is one of the prime movers in the "lifelogging" area: making small
camera designed to be worn on your clothes, which snap regular photographs as
you go about your daily business. Its second-generation model was unveiled at
CES: easier to clip on, with a better eight-megapixel camera and the ability to
wirelessly sync photos with the cloud and/or your smartphone.

Talking point: what's the social cost of having a camera pointing at everyone
you meet?

3Doodler 2.0

The first 3Doodler was a pen device which did well on Kickstarter, then became
one of the most accessible ways to explore 3D printing. Now it's back, launching
a Kickstarter for version 2.0 as it was shown off at CES - it's already exceeded
its $30,000 goal by a great distance. The update is slimmer, lighter and quieter
to use, with a new nozzle promising "crisper Doodles".

Talking point: what would you doodle, and would the novelty wear off?


Mercedes-Benz F015 Luxury in Motion

Google certainly doesn't have the self-driving car space to itself these days:
Mercedes-Benz revealed its concept car at CES, complete with Leap Motion
gestural controls and seats facing one another, corporate meeting-style. Also
interesting: the slightly Knight Rider-ish LED displays at the front and back,
to communicate with pedestrians and other drivers.

Talking point: even if we're not driving, is it good to be more unaware of the
outside world?

Sleep Number SleepIQ Kids Bed

Not just a smart bed, but a smart bed for children : this monitors their
sleeping patterns, can alert parents if they get out of bed during the night,
can have its lights turned on and off remotely, and even includes a "monster
detector" to ease young minds' night-time fears.

Talking point: should we really be quantifying our children's selves?

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               63 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Let the season of bargain hunting begin;
Grab gadgets at discounted prices and learn about new technologies at the
inaugural SG Tech Show 2014. TREVOR TAN reports

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Technology; SG Tech Show 2014

LENGTH: 2172 words



Whether you are going abroad or just recharging your batteries at home during
the upcoming school holidays, take some time to do some bargain hunting at the
inaugural SG Tech Show 2014.

It covers 12,000 sq m of exhibition area, or the size of slightly more than two
football fields, so you can burn off some calories walking around to find the
gadgets of your dreams.

The organisers expect about 350,000 visitors and project sales of $25 million
over the four days of the show. The event is organised by Exhibits Inc, a
subsidiary of Singapore Press Holdings, which brings you the IT Show, Comex, as
well as the Food & Beverage Fair.

The SG Tech Show 2014 offers not only bargains, but also a whole new learning
experience.

Said Exhibits Inc's general manager Melvin Koh: "We want to create a different
shopping experience as compared with other shows. Consumers can buy not only
gadgets, but also be educated about the new technologies and how to integrate
them into their lifestyle."

The centrepiece of this show will be EpiLife's booth by tech premium reseller
EpiCentre. Taking up almost 1,000 sq m, it is the biggest booth ever in a local
technology fair, according to Exhibits Inc.

"We just relaunched our online store, EpiLife.com, and are in the midst of
rebranding our EpiLife stores. SG Tech Show 2014 gives us a great opportunity to
showcase these new changes," said Ms Evelyn Chua, EpiCentre's head of operations
and business development.

The EpiLife booth comprises four experience zones: EpiHome, EpiWarrior,
EpiFitness and EpiEntertainment. Each zone showcases smart technologies which
can be used at home, on the road, when exercising or during recreation time.

"The four EpiExperience zones bring digital solutions to all aspects of today's
digital lifestyle with a suite of cool gadgets and accessories," said Ms Chua.

Notable events at this year's show include Casio's launch of its flagship
prosumer compact camera, Exilim EX-100. This 12.1-megapixel camera has a
stunning 10.7x optical zoom lens with constant f/2.8 aperture.

In addition, there are some irresistible deals, such as a limited number of the
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 selling at $588 (usual price $898) each or a rice cooker
for $8 (usual price $49).

So, are you ready for the show? Put on your most comfortable footwear and get
ready to prowl the show floor for some serious bargain hunting.

trevtan@sph.com.sg

IMAGING

Samsung NX2000

$849, bundled with 20-50mm lens, 50-200mm lens and Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Wi-Fi
(usual price $1,649); freebies include an 8GB microSD card, extra battery,
camera case, tripod, UV filter, cleaning kit, card reader and dry box

Booth 411

This could be the best bargain you will find at the show. Samsung's NX2000 is a
mirrorless camera with interchangeable lenses. It has a 20.3-megapixel APS-C
image sensor, 3.7-inch touchscreen display, built-in Wi-Fi and GPS.

This bundle includes two lenses - 20-50mm and 50-200mm. You will also get a
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 tablet, not to mention additional camera freebies, such as
an extra battery and camera case.

Casio Exilim EX-100

$1,299, free $100 Harvey Norman voucher; trade in any old camera and get $200
off

Booth 8113

This Casio flagship has a 12.1-megapixel 1/1.7-inch image sensor with an HS3
image processor and a 3.5-inch tiltable display.

It sports a 10.7x optical zoom lens (28-300mm in 35mm equivalent) with a large
constant f/2.8 aperture throughout the focal range.

The EX-100 has a dual-bracketing function. That is, it will shoot nine frames
with variations in two different parameters, such as white balance and exposure.

Fuji Xerox DocuPrint M255 z

$399

Booth 8205

If you still need to fax documents, the Fuji Xerox DocuPrint M255 z will be your
friend. This multi-function monochrome laser printer faxes, scans and copies
your documents with ease using its 50-sheet automatic document feeder.

The machine can also print and copy double-sided documents. It can print up to
30 pages per minute via Wi-Fi or wired connection.

Fujifilm X-T1

$2,499 (with an 18-55mm kit lens); freebies include a 50-230mm lens, Toshiba
Exceria Pro UHS-II 16GB SD card, extra battery, cleaning kit, photo frame and
X-series product workshop

Booth 8205

Despite the retro looks with its manual dials and controls, Fujifilm's X-T1 is a
modern digital camera.

This 16.3-megapixel mirrorless camera handles superbly, with easy changing of
settings.

Fujifilm claims it has the world's fastest autofocusing at 0.08sec, a start-up
time of 0.5sec and shutter lag of only 0.05sec.

Canon ImageClass MF4720w

$179 (usual price $199); freebies include a $20 FairPrice voucher, Rapoo 9060
Wireless Optical Combo mouse and keyboard worth $50, and trolley worth $13

Booths 430 and 8217

The Canon ImageClass MF4720w monochrome laser printer works at a speed of up to
24 pages per minute. It also scans and copies documents for your business needs
or your children's homework.

With built-in Wi-Fi and an Ethernet port, you can easily connect it to your home
network and your whole family can enjoy the quick work produced by this
all-in-one printer.

HOME

Belkin WeMo Switch + Motion Sensor

$129 (usual price $159)

Booth 8888

Belkin's WeMo Switch + Motion Sensor kit can help you save on your electricity
bills, especially if you tend to forget to switch things off.

The Wi-Fi-enabled WeMo Switch uses a smartphone app (Android and iOS) to switch
your home appliances and electronics on and off, as long as you are connected to
the Internet.

The Motion Sensor plugs into an electical outlet and detects motion up to 3m
away. It then sends a wireless signal to the WeMo Switch to turn the connected
device either on or off.

Philips Pico Pix PPX3410

$749, 20 per cent off PPX3410 accessories

Booth 8367

Need a portable projector to show off your vacation videos or photos'

Philips' Pico Pix PPX3410 projector, which weighs just 270g and is only 80mm
thick, can project high-definition videos and images up to a 120-inch screen. It
can be connected easily to a variety of devices via USB, a USB drive or SD card.

The projector even has an integrated media player and office viewer, so you can
share office and PDF files.

Its internal battery can last up to 2hr.

PixePlay Kuro Android Smart Player

$219 (usual price $299); add $80 for a 2TB hard drive, limited to first 100
customers

Booth 8617

The PixePlay Kuro is a feature-packed user-friendly home entertainment device
which runs on Google's Android 4.2.2 mobile operating system.

It supports a variety of video formats (BD-ISO, ASF, FLV and VOB) and full HD
3-D playback with a wired Gigabit connection or Wi-Fi.

Featuring a powerful dual-core 1.2GHz processor, 1GB of system memory for smooth
performance, the Kuro has an internal space which accommodates up to 4TB of
3.5-inch hard drives.

LG 55LA7400 Smart LED TV

$1,790 (usual price $4,899); includes two pairs of 3-D glasses and Magic Remote

Booth 409

The World Cup beckons. If you are looking for an affordable full high-definition
(FHD) 3-D LED TV to watch those matches, the LG 55-inch 55LA7400 may fit the
bill.

It uses LG's Triple XD Engine to optimise colour, contrast and clarity for the
best picture quality and performance.

The TV's LED panel, with in-plane switching technology, allows for a wider
viewing angle, so everyone can have a clear and consistent view of the action.

Linksys EA6900 AC1900 Smart Wi-Fi Wireless Router

$339, free Denon headset AHC100RDEM

Booth 8888

A common complaint about home Wi-Fi is that the signal may not reach every part
of one's home. Linksys' EA6900 wireless router may provide a solution.

The 802.11ac wireless router features beamforming, which enables the router to
identify and connect directly to devices instead of broadcasting signals in a
general direction. It is also able to stream wireless Internet in dual band at
speeds of up to 600Mbps and 1,300Mbps.

COMPUTER

Acer WebPlay AIO DA222HQL

$499 (usual $699)

Booth 8209

Acer's WebPlay AIO DA222HQL all-in-one desktop may be just the thing the whole
family can enjoy if you are looking for something educational and entertaining.

Running on Android OS, it has a 21.5-inch touchscreen display, which can lie
flat, tilt upwards to 80 degrees, or be almost vertical. It has a wide viewing
angle of 178 degrees.

Use it like a regular PC or lay it flat to play virtual Monopoly with the
family.

Acer Aspire R7-572G

From $1,698 (usual price from $1,998)

Booth 8209

Unlike a conventional laptop, the Acer Aspire R7-572G can be used in tablet,
display or Ezel mode. In Ezel mode, you pull the 15.6-inch display over the
keyboard and use the stylus included (N-Trig DuoSense Pen 2) to draw and sketch.

This versatile computer comes with an Intel Core i5 or Core i7 processor, Nvidia
GeForce GT750M with 2GB of GDDR5 graphics processor, up to 16GB of system
memory, as well as up to 1TB hard drive storage.

Asus Transfomer AiO P1801

$2,009; freebies include Trend Micro antivirus software and Assassin's Creed 4
PC game

Booth 8105 and 8131

Asus describes the Transformer AiO P1801 as the world's first all-in-one PC with
a detachable display.

When the tablet is docked, you get a powerful PC with an 18.4-inch touchscreen
display seamlessly running Windows 8, thanks to a fourth-generation Intel Core
i7 processor.

Detach the display and it becomes a huge Windows tablet. The P1801 has a
built-in Nvidia Tegra 3 quad-core processor.

So, a simple press of a button turns it into a super-sized Android tablet.

Dell Alienware 18

$4,999; freebies include a one-year Premier support warranty, accidental damage
cover, Alienware 18 Vindicator Backpack and $30 Tigerair voucher

Booths 8221, 8225 and 8119

Inside this monster is the latest fourth-generation Intel Core i7-4910MQ
processor, dual Nvidia Geforce GTX 880M graphics processing units with 8GB of
video memory, 16GB of DDR3 system memory and 1TB hard drive.

This translates to superb gaming performance, with lightning-fast frame rates on
its 18.4-inch full high-definition display.

Lenovo Thinkpad X1 Carbon Touch

From $2,499

Booth 8105, 8117, 8217 and 8225

This carbon-fibre model is tougher than laptops with magnesium or aluminium
bodies, yet it is lighter than most. It weighs less than 1.3kg and Lenovo claims
it is the world's lightest 14-inch ultrabook. Its ColorBurst Display boasts
screen resolutions of up to 2,560 x 1,440 pixels.

MOBILE

Acer Liquid Z5

$299

Booth 8209

Why bother to get your hands on some China-made smartphone when you can get the
Liquid Z5'

The Z5 features a 5-inch (480 x 854 pixels) touchscreen display with a 16:9
aspect ratio, which is great for watching movies and videos.

This Android (4.2.2 Jelly Bean) smartphone is 8.8mm thick and weighs a mere
147g.

Yet, it has a dual-core 1.3GHz processor, 4GB of internal user storage, Wi-Fi,
integrated GPS, as well as a 5-megapixel camera - all for a reasonable price.

Plantronics BackBeat GO 2 Charge Edition

$179 (usual price $199); free eGear 2,000mAh portable charger worth $49

Booths 8123 and 8888

Plantronics' BackBeat Go 2 connects to your smartphone or tablet wirelessly via
Bluetooth for listening to music and taking phone calls.

It has a nano coating which protects its earbuds against rain and sweat, while
its inline controls make it easy to take calls and adjust the volume.

The battery should last for 41/2hr of music playback.

However, you can treble the time by using the portable charging and storage case
included.

Acer Iconia W4

From $499 (usual price from $699)

Booth 8209

The Iconia W4 comes with the latest Windows 8.1 operating system,
fourth-generation Intel Atom 1.8GHz processor, 2GB of memory, 64GB of internal
storage and an 8-inch touchscreen display of 1,280 x 800 pixels.

The display's wide viewing angle (170 degrees) lets your friends huddle around
to watch videos.

On a full charge, the Iconia W4 should be good for up to 8hr of watching videos
and 10hr of browsing the Web.

Samsung Galaxy Note Pro (12.2-inch display) LTE Version

$1,198; freebies include a Samsung Book cover, a Samsung Bluetooth keyboard,
Samsung NFC speakers, a Samsung Bluetooth Headset BHM1200 and a 16GB microSD
card

Booths 8117, 8119, 8123, 8217 and 8225

For those who love to get their comic book fix on a tablet, the new Samsung
Galaxy Note Pro (12.2-inch display) may be what they are looking for.

It is the world's first tablet with a 12.2-inch WQXGA widescreen (16:10)
display, offering a stunning resolution of 2,560 x 1,600 pixels.

You can enjoy full high-definition videos in all their glory or browse your
favourite comic books without zooming in and out. The tablet is available in
black and white.

Logitech Ultrathin Keyboard Cover for the Apple iPad Air

$111 (usual price $139)

Booth 8888

If you like Apple's Smart Cover and want a Bluetooth keyboard with it, try the
Logitech Ultrathin Keyboard Cover for the Apple iPad Air.

It clips on magnetically to your iPad Air, automatically wakes up your tablet
when you open it and puts it to sleep when you close it.

On the inside of the cover is a full-sized keyboard with a magnetic groove to
slot in your iPad Air, so you can type as though you are using a laptop.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               64 of 64 DOCUMENTS


          SKYLINE SOFTWARE SYSTEMS, INC., Plaintiff, v. KEYHOLE, INC.
                         and GOOGLE, INC., Defendants.

                         CIVIL ACTION No. 04-11129-DPW

                UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF
                                 MASSACHUSETTS

                421 F. Supp. 2d 371; 2006 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 12546


                            March 24, 2006, Decided

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Related proceeding at Skyline Software Sys. v. Keyhole,
Inc., 2006 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 83603 (D. Mass., Nov. 16, 2006)

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff corporation alleged infringement of a patent that
described a method and apparatus for efficiently transferring information needed
to display three-dimensional images by defendants, companies. Although the
corporation moved for a preliminary injunction against the companies, before
addressing the merits of that request, the court resolved the threshold dispute
between the parties regarding the construction of various claim terms.

OVERVIEW: Claim construction was a question of law to be determined by a judge.
Courts were to give claim terms their ordinary and customary meaning. The
ordinary and customary meaning of a claim was the meaning that the term would
have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of the
invention. Because the most accurate construction was one that included the
insights provided by the specification and the claims themselves, the court
construed the term "data blocks" to mean a block or collection of data or
digital information. The court construed the term "data block describing
three-dimensional terrain" to mean a block or collection of data or digital
information that represented or described a section of three-dimensional terrain
at a particular resolution level and that included any additional data overlaid
on the digital image of the terrain, such as altitude, labels or optional
objects where the patent specifically disclaimed the idea that the data
streaming methods only described the display of images of terrain, and specified
that the data streaming methods could have been used to convey large databases
of data which were to be displayed graphically.

OUTCOME: The court resolved the threshold dispute between the parties regarding
the construction of various claim terms in the patent.

CORE TERMS: block, terrain, coordinate', renderer, memory, specification,
processor, cache, preferably, invention, corresponding, patent, server, display,
software, manager, hierarchical, hardware, dictionary, embodiment, database,
remote, surface, pixel, viewpoint, user's, per unit, supplied, digital, stored


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Patent Law > Infringement Actions > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
[HN1] The determination of infringement is a two-step process. First, the court
construes the claims and, second, the court compares the properly construed
claims to the accused device.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
[HN2] It is a bedrock principle of patent law that the claims of a patent define
the invention to which the patentee is entitled the right to exclude.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
[HN3] Claim construction is a question of law to be determined by a judge,
notwithstanding its evidentiary underpinnings. Courts are to give claim terms
their ordinary and customary meaning. However, the ordinary and customary
meaning of a claim is not the meaning understood by a layperson, but the meaning
that the term would have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at
the time of the invention. That understanding provides an objective baseline
from which to begin claim interpretation.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
[HN4] For purposes of claim construction, the time of the invention is the
effective filing date of the patent application.

Patent Law > Claims & Specifications > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Aids
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Prosecution History Estoppel > General
Overview
[HN5] In some cases, the ordinary meaning of claim language as understood by a
person of skill in the art may be readily apparent even to lay judges, and claim
construction in such cases involves little more than the application of the
widely accepted meaning of commonly understood words. In such circumstances,
general purpose dictionaries may be helpful. However, where the ordinary meaning
of claim language as understood by a person of skill in the art is not readily
apparent, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit directs
district courts to a hierarchy of sources to aid in claim construction. The
intrinsic record, including the claim terms themselves, the remainder of the
specification, and the prosecution history, provides the best guidance as to the
meaning of the claims. But extrinsic evidence, such as dictionaries, expert
testimony, and learned treatises, may also play a valuable role in claim
construction. However, the court urges caution in their use.

Patent Law > Claims & Specifications > General Overview
Patent Law > Claims & Specifications > Description Requirement > General
Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Aids
[HN6] Among the sources of intrinsic evidence, the United States Court of
Appeals for the Federal Circuit places primary importance on the claims
themselves and the specification. The context in which a term is used in the
asserted claim and the use of the term in other claims can be highly
instructive. The claims, of course, do not stand alone. They must be read in
view of the specification, of which they are a part. Thus, the court has
reaffirmed the long-standing principle that the specification is the single best
guide to the meaning of a disputed term. In addition to its statutory role as a
full and exact description of the claimed invention, the specification may
reveal a patentee's distinctive definition of a term or a disavowal of claim
scope.

Patent Law > Claims & Specifications > General Overview
Patent Law > Claims & Specifications > Description Requirement > General
Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
[HN7] In the claim construction context, the specification is such a valuable
tool that it is entirely appropriate for a court, when conducting claim
construction, to rely heavily on the written description for guidance as to the
meaning of the claims. Nevertheless, the court has warned of the danger of
reading limitations from the specification into the claim. The purpose of the
specification is to enable one skilled in the art to make and use the invention.
Specific embodiments of the invention described for teaching purposes should not
be imported into the claim as a limitation. The distinction between proper claim
construction and improper limitation turns on whether a person of skill in the
art would understand the embodiments to define the outer limits of the claim
term or merely to be exemplary in nature.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Prosecution History Estoppel > General
Overview
[HN8] In construing a patent claim, a court may consult the prosecution history,
which consists of the complete record of the proceedings before the Patent and
Trademark Office (PTO) and includes the prior art cited during the examination
of the patent, when construing a claim. Like the specification, the prosecution
history can inform the meaning of the claim language by demonstrating how the
inventor understood the invention and whether the inventor limited the invention
in the course of prosecution, making the claim scope narrower than it would
otherwise be. However, the prosecution history is not a final product; it
represents an ongoing negotiation between the PTO and the applicant. As such, it
often lacks the clarity of the specification and thus is less useful for claim
construction purposes.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Aids
[HN9] Although the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has
attached greater value to intrinsic evidence, it approved the use of extrinsic
evidence in a limited fashion. Specifically, technical dictionaries are helpful
to the extent that they assist a court to better understand the underlying
technology and the way in which one of skill in the art might use the claim
terms. Expert testimony is also valuable for providing background on the
technology at issue, explaining how an invention works, or describing a
distinctive use of a term in a particular field. However, neither dictionaries
nor expert testimony, are reliable sources for claim interpretation for a
variety of reasons. The court's greatest concern with extrinsic evidence,
particularly dictionaries, is that it may lead judges to construe terms in an
overbroad manner. The problem is that if the district court starts with the
broad dictionary definition in every case and fails to fully appreciate how the
specification implicitly limits that definition, the error will systematically
cause the construction of the claim to be unduly expansive.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Aids
[HN10] Because dictionaries provide a broad array of definitions, heavy reliance
on the dictionary divorced from the intrinsic evidence risks transforming the
meaning of the claim term to the artisan into the meaning of the term in the
abstract. One line of cases in the United States Court of Appeals for the
Federal Circuit has adopted the "dictionary down" approach, thereby reducing the
role of the specification to a mere check on the dictionary meaning of a claim
term. In contrast, in Phillips, the court articulated a "claims up" approach,
instructing courts to focus at the outset on how the patentee used the claim
term in the claims, specification, and prosecution history, rather than starting
with a broad definition and whittling it down.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > General Overview
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Aids
Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Prosecution History Estoppel > General
Overview
[HN11] Ultimately, there is no magic formula for conducting claim construction
when the ordinary meaning of the disputed terms as understood by a person of
skill in the art is not readily apparent. The key lies in giving appropriate
weight to each source in light of the statutes and policies that inform patent
law. Accordingly, the claims and the specification are most significant,
followed by prosecution history, and finally by extrinsic sources.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN12] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "data block" to mean a block or collection of data or digital
information, and construes the term "data block describing three-dimensional
terrain" to mean a block or collection of data or digital information that
represents or describes a section of three-dimensional terrain at a particular
resolution level and that includes any additional data overlaid on the digital
image of the terrain, such as altitude, labels or optional objects.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN13] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "data blocks belonging to a hierarchical structure" to mean
data blocks that are organized into multiple levels of resolution, whereby each
level contains data blocks at the same resolution, and each successive level
contains data blocks of a higher resolution than those in the preceding level.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN14] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "first data block" to mean the first data block provided to
the renderer from the local memory corresponding to the specified of
coordinates.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN15] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "terrain" to mean the surface features of an area of land, an
object, or a material, including color, elevation, and existing objects or
structures on the land, object or material.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN16] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "coordinates in the terrain" to mean a set of numerical
values that identifies a particular location in the terrain.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN17] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "resolution level" to mean the level of detail of the data
per unit area.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN18] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "indication of respective resolution level" to mean the
identification of the particular resolution level of the data required.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN19] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "renderer" to mean software and/or hardware object that
performs at least the following functions: (1) determining and providing to
another object the required coordinates in the terrain along with a respective
resolution level; (2) receiving the data blocks corresponding to the specified
coordinates; and (3) using the received data blocks to display a
three-dimensional image.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN20] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "local memory" to mean memory easily accessible to the user's
processor, either because it is physically part of the processor or is attached
directly thereto, and distinct from the memory of the remote server from which
data must be downloaded.

Patent Law > Infringement Actions > Claim Interpretation > Scope
[HN21] The United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
construes the term "connecting device" to mean a network connection, such as the
Internet, used for transferring data between computers, and construes the term
"processor" to mean a unit of hardware and/or software, distinct for the remote
server, that processes computer-readable instructions.


COUNSEL:  [**1]  For Skyline Software Systems, Inc., Plaintiff: H. Joseph
Hameline, Geri L. Haight, Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky & Popeo, PC,
Boston, MA.

For Keyhole Corporation, Defendant: Carolyn Chang, Darryl M. Woo, Kent Kemeny,
Maclain Wells, Michael Sacksteder, Robin W. Reasoner, Saundra L.M. Riley,
Fenwick & West LLP, Mountain View, CA; Michelle Chassereau Jackson, Nelson G.
Apjohn, Nutter, McClennen & Fish, Boston, MA.

For GOOGLE, INC., Defendant: Carolyn Chang, Darryl M. Woo, Michael Sacksteder,
Robin W. Reasoner, Saundra L.M. Riley, Fenwick & West LLP, Mountain View, CA;
Michelle Chassereau Jackson, Nutter, McClennen & Fish, Boston, MA.

For Keyhole Corporation, GOOGLE, INC., Keyhole Corporation, Counter Claimants:
Darryl M. Woo, Fenwick & West LLP, Mountain View, CA.

For Skyline Software Systems, Inc., Counter Defendant: H. Joseph Hameline,
Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky & Popeo, PC, Boston, MA.

JUDGES: DOUGLAS P. WOODLOCK, UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE.

OPINION BY: DOUGLAS P. WOODLOCK

OPINION


 [*374] MEMORANDUM AND ORDER

The Plaintiff, Skyline Software Systems, Inc., alleges infringement of United
States Patent No. 6,496,189 (the "'189 Patent") by the Defendants, Keyhole, Inc.
[**2]  and Google, Inc. The '189 Patent describes a method and apparatus for
efficiently transferring information needed to display three-dimensional images.
Although Skyline moved for a preliminary injunction against the Defendants
following the hearing on claim construction, before addressing the merits of
that request, I separately resolve in this Memorandum and Order the threshold
dispute between the parties regarding the construction of various claim terms. 1
See Watts v. XL Systems, Inc., 232 F.3d 877, 880 (Fed. Cir. 2000)  [HN1] ("The
determination of infringement is a two-step process. First, this court construes
the claims and, second, we compare the properly construed claims to the accused
device.")

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Attached as an Appendix to this Memorandum and Order at 37-39 is a Summary of
Constructions, setting forth the proposed constructions by the parties and those
I have adopted.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


I. CLAIM CONSTRUCTION GENERALLY

Following the hearing on claim construction, the Federal Circuit issued an en
banc [**3]  decision designed to order the process of  [*375]  claim
construction. Phillips v. AWH Corporation, 415 F.3d 1303 (Fed. Cir. 2005) (en
banc).

[HN2] "It is a bedrock principle' of patent law that the claims of a patent
define the invention to which the patentee is entitled the right to exclude.'"
Id. at 1312 quoting Innova/Pure Water, Inc. v. Safari Water Filtration Systems,
Inc., 381 F.3d 1111, 1115 (Fed. Cir. 2004)). Limited discovery surrounding the
question of claim construction has occurred in this case, with each party
providing its respective constructions of the claims in dispute. After shared
constructions and full briefing by the parties, the construction of terms in two
claims -- characterized by the plaintiff as "representative" of the universe in
dispute for this lawsuit -- are presented in accordance with the comprehensive
framework set out in Phillips. Since the Federal Circuit decided Phillips after
the submissions and the Markman hearing in this case, I have reinterpreted the
arguments made by the parties in light of the Phillips framework set out below.

[HN3] Claim construction is a question of law to be determined [**4]  by a
judge, notwithstanding its evidentiary underpinnings. Markman v. Westview
Instruments, Inc., 517 U.S. 370, 384, 390, 116 S. Ct. 1384, 134 L. Ed. 2d 577
(1996). Courts are to give claim terms "their ordinary and customary meaning."
Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1312 quoting Vitronics Corp. v. Conceptronic, Inc., 90
F.3d 1576, 1582 (1996). However, the ordinary and customary meaning of a claim
is not the meaning understood by a layperson, but "the meaning that the term
would have to a person of ordinary skill in the art in question at the time of
the invention." 2 Id. at 1313. This understanding provides "an objective
baseline from which to begin claim interpretation." Id.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2  [HN4] For purposes of claim construction, the "time of the invention" is the
effective filing date of the patent application. Phillips v. AWH Corporation,
415 F.3d 1303, 1313 (Fed. Cir. 2005).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN5] "In some cases, the ordinary meaning of claim language as understood by a
person of skill in the art may be readily [**5]  apparent even to lay judges,
and claim construction in such cases involves little more than the application
of the widely accepted meaning of commonly understood words." Id. at 1314. "In
such circumstances, general purpose dictionaries may be helpful." Id. However,
where the ordinary meaning of claim language as understood by a person of skill
in the art is not readily apparent, Phillips directs district courts to a
hierarchy of sources to aid in claim construction. The intrinsic record,
including the claim terms themselves, the remainder of the specification, and
the prosecution history, provides the best guidance as to the meaning of the
claims. Id. at 1313-14. But extrinsic evidence, such as dictionaries, expert
testimony, and learned treatises, may also play a valuable role in claim
construction. However, in a departure from the line of cases led by Texas
Digital Systems, Inc. v. Telegenix, Inc., 308 F.3d 1193 (Fed Cir. 2002),
Phillips urges caution in their use. Id. at 1319-1324.

[HN6] Among the sources of intrinsic evidence, Phillips places primary
importance on the claims themselves and the specification. The [**6]  context in
which a term is used in the asserted claim and the use of the term in other
claims can be "highly instructive." Id. at 1314. The claims, "of course, do not
stand alone." Id. at 1315. They "must be read in view of the specification, of
which they are a part." Id. quoting Markman v. Westview Instruments, Inc., 52
F.3d 967, at 978. Thus,  [*376]  Phillips reaffirmed the long-standing principle
that the specification "is the single best guide to the meaning of a disputed
term." Id. at 1303. In addition to its statutory role as a full and exact
description of the claimed invention, the specification may reveal a patentee's
distinctive definition of a term or a disavowal of claim scope. Id. at 1316.
[HN7] The specification is such a valuable tool that it is "entirely appropriate
for a court, when conducting claim construction, to rely heavily on the written
description for guidance as to the meaning of the claims." Id. at 1317.
Nevertheless, Phillips warned of "the danger of reading limitations from the
specification into the claim." Id. at 1323. The purpose of the specification is
to enable one skilled in the art to make and use the invention. Id. Specific
embodiments of the [**7]  invention described for teaching purposes should not
be imported into the claim as a limitation. Id. The distinction between proper
claim construction and improper limitation turns on "whether a person of skill
in the art would understand the embodiments to define the outer limits of the
claim term or merely to be exemplary in nature." Id. at 1323.

[HN8] A court may also consult the prosecution history, which "consists of the
complete record of the proceedings before the PTO [the Patent and Trademark
Office] and includes the prior art cited during the examination of the patent,"
when construing a claim. Id. at 1317. Like the specification, the prosecution
history "can inform the meaning of the claim language by demonstrating how the
inventor understood the invention and whether the inventor limited the invention
in the course of prosecution, making the claim scope narrower than it would
otherwise be." Id. See Chimie v. PPG Indus., Inc., 402 F.3d 1371, 1384 (Fed.
Cir. 2005) quoting ZMI Corp. v. Cardiac Resuscitator Corp., 844 F.2d 1576, 1580
(Fed. Cir. 1988) ("The purpose of consulting the prosecution history in
construing a claim is to exclude [**8]  any interpretation that was disclaimed
during prosecution.'"). However, the prosecution history is not a final product;
it "represents an ongoing negotiation between the PTO and the applicant."
Phillips, 415 F.3d at 1317. As such, it "often lacks the clarity of the
specification and thus is less useful for claim construction purposes." Id.

[HN9] Although the Phillips court attached greater value to intrinsic evidence,
it approved the use of extrinsic evidence in a limited fashion. Specifically,
technical dictionaries are helpful to the extent that they assist a court to
"'better understand the underlying technology' and the way in which one of skill
in the art might use the claim terms." Id. at 1318 quoting Vitronics, 90 F.3d at
1584. Expert testimony is also valuable for providing background on the
technology at issue, explaining how an invention works, or describing a
distinctive use of a term in a particular field. However, neither dictionaries
nor expert testimony, are reliable sources for claim interpretation for a
variety of reasons. As such, I have considered Dr. Feiner's Declaration and the
dictionary definitions proposed [**9]  by both parties, but do not rely heavily
on them in construing the terms at issue here.

The Phillips Court's greatest concern with extrinsic evidence, particularly
dictionaries, is that it may lead judges to construe terms in an overbroad
manner.


     The problem is that if the district court starts with the broad
     dictionary definition in every case and fails to fully appreciate how
     the specification implicitly limits that definition, the error will
     systematically cause the construction of the claim to be unduly
     expansive.


Id. at 1321.  [HN10] Because dictionaries provide a broad array of definitions,
"heavy reliance  [*377]  on the dictionary divorced from the intrinsic evidence
risks transforming the meaning of the claim term to the artisan into the meaning
of the term in the abstract." Id. The Texas Digital line of cases adopted this
"dictionary down" approach, thereby reducing the role of the specification to a
mere "check on the dictionary meaning of a claim term." Id. at 1320. In
contrast, Phillips articulated a "claims up" approach, instructing courts to
focus "at the outset on how the patentee used the claim term in the claims,
specification, and prosecution history,  [**10]  rather than starting with a
broad definition and whittling it down." Id. at 1321.

[HN11] Ultimately, there is no magic formula for conducting claim construction
when the ordinary meaning of the disputed terms as understood by a person of
skill in the art is not readily apparent. Id. at 1324. The key lies in giving
appropriate weight to each "source in light of the statutes and policies that
inform patent law." Id. Accordingly, the claims and the specification are most
significant, followed by prosecution history, and finally by extrinsic sources.
Id.

II. DISPUTED TERMS

Claim 1 reads:


     A method of providing data blocks describing three-dimensional terrain
     to a renderer, the data blocks belonging to a hierarchical structure
     which includes blocks at a plurality of different resolution levels,
     the method comprising:


          receiving from the renderer one or more

          coordinates in the terrain along with indication of a
          respective resolution level;



     providing the renderer with a first data block
          which includes data corresponding to the one or more
          coordinates, from a local memory;



     downloading [**11]  from a remote server one or more
          additional data blocks at a resolution higher than the
          resolution level of the first block which includes data
          corresponding to the one or more coordinates if the provided
          block from the local memory is not at the indicated
          resolution level.





(col. 16, 11. 28-43) (emphasis supplied)

Claim 12 reads:


     Apparatus for providing data blocks describing three-dimensional
     terrain to a renderer, 3 the data blocks belonging to a hierarchical
     structure which includes blocks at a plurality of different resolution
     levels, the apparatus comprising:


          a local memory which stores data blocks

          corresponding to coordinates proximal to a current viewpoint
          of the renderer;



     a communication link, through which the memory
          receives the data blocks from a remote server;



     a processor which receives one or more specified
          coordinates along with indication of a respective resolution
          level from a renderer, provides the renderer with a first
          data block which includes data corresponding to the one or
          more specified coordinates from a local memory, [**12]  and
          downloads over the communication link one or more data
          blocks of a resolution level higher than the resolution
          level of the first block which include data corresponding to
          the one or more coordinates if the first block is not from
          the indicated level.





(col. 18, 11. 12-31) (emphasis supplied)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 "Render" appears to be a typographical error and neither party contends that
the term should be construed as anything other than "renderer."
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

From these claims, the parties dispute the meaning of the following terms: data
[*378]  blocks, data blocks belonging to a hierarchical structure, first data
block, terrain, coordinates in the terrain, indication of a respective
resolution level, renderer, and local memory.

The Plaintiff characterized these claims as "representative" and contends that
the representative claims "contain all the claim terms that are in dispute in
claims 1 through 24." (Transcript, p. 5)

A. Data Blocks

I begin with a term found throughout the patent -- "data blocks", [**13]  often
referred to simply as "blocks" in the specification.

Initially, Skyline suggested that the court construe "data block" broadly to
mean "a quantity, set or amount of information or data representing a portion of
the terrain." The Defendants offered instead the following narrower
construction, on the premise that the patentee acted as his own lexicographer
with respect to this term: "an image of a terrain area that is composed of
pixels, where each data block optionally also contains data associated with the
image of the terrain area, such as data describing other objects that overlay
the terrain; each block has one particular resolution." At the Markman hearing,
however, the Defendants did not protest Skyline's critique of equating data with
image, and both parties were open to the idea of data blocks meaning something
like information necessary to render graphically an image of all or part of the
terrain, including any additional features overlaid thereto, at a particular
resolution level. (Transcript, pp. 12-13) Given the principles in Phillips, I
find that the most accurate construction will be one that includes the insights
provided by the specification and the claims [**14]  themselves.

The specification teaches that "image blocks . . . contain data representing the
terrain" (col. 8, 11. 18-20) and the claims speak of "data blocks describing
three-dimensional terrain" (Claim 1, col. 16, 11. 28-29; col. 4, 1. 12), such
that "each terrain area is described in a plurality of blocks at different
resolution levels." (col. 3, 11. 5-6) The method for preparing the database in
accordance with the preferred embodiment of the present invention requires a
processor, referred to as a Terra Builder, to cut up images it receives into
blocks. (col. 9, 1. 55) The end result is that the user's "processor renders
three-dimensional terrain images responsive to the data blocks" corresponding to
the requested coordinates and viewpoints on a display. (col. 6, 11. 56-57)

These excerpts from the specification demonstrate -- despite the seemingly
anomalous statement that "blocks are preferably real-life images of terrain
areas received from airborne or satellite cameras" (col. 8, 11. 36-37) -- that
the term does not refer to the actual images of the terrain area, but to the
data or information that represents sections of the terrain in the preferred
embodiment. In the preferred [**15]  embodiment, the blocks may "include
altitude data of the terrain" and "optional objects to be overlaid on the
terrain." (col. 5, 11. 38, 40-41) These objects may "include, but are not
limited to, labels, annotations, lines and 3D objects." (col. 8, 11. 38-42)

Having said that, the patent specifically disclaims the idea that the data
streaming methods only describe the display of images of terrain. Rather, the
patent specifies that "the data streaming methods of the present invention may
be used to convey large databases of data which are to be displayed graphically,
such as in graphic displays of stock values." (col. 16, 11. 20-24) Consequently,
I must technically construe the term "data block"  [*379]  broadly as a block or
collection of data or digital information, but I do so only with the
understanding that the terms "data block describing three-dimensional terrain"
and "image block", refer to a block or collection of data or digital information
that represents or describes a section of three-dimensional terrain at a
particular resolution level and that includes any additional data overlaid on
the digital image of the terrain, such as altitude, labels or optional objects.
I construe the [**16]  subsequent references to "data blocks" in Claims 1 and 12
as referring in shorthand to "data blocks describing three-dimensional terrain",
as opposed to any kind of data block, because the scope of the claimed invention
is a method and apparatus for providing data blocks describing three-dimensional
terrain to a renderer.

Construction:  [HN12] (data block) A block or collection of data or digital
information.

Construction: (data block describing three-dimensional terrain) a block or
collection of data or digital information that represents or describes a section
of three-dimensional terrain at a particular resolution level and that includes
any additional data overlaid on the digital image of the terrain, such as
altitude, labels or optional objects.

B. Data Blocks Belonging to a Hierarchical Structure

The parties agree that this phrase, as used in the patent, would be understood
by one of ordinary skill in the art to mean data blocks that are organized into
multiple levels of resolution. Skyline, however, takes issue with the two
additional limitations proposed by the Defendants: data blocks that are
organized into multiple levels of resolution, whereby (1)  [**17]  each level
contains data blocks at the same resolution, and (2) each successive level
contains data blocks of a higher resolution than those in the preceding level.

First, in its submissions and at the Markman hearing, Skyline questioned whether
or not the concept of hierarchy, as used in the patent, includes the idea of
"directionality", that is whether each successive level contains data blocks of
a higher resolution than those in the preceding level. Second, at the Markman
hearing Skyline also questioned whether each level of the hierarchy must contain
data blocks at the same resolution, contending that this construction could be
interpreted as meaning that each data block must contain the same amount of
data. Instead, Skyline prefers the less specific construction that the "data
blocks are arranged into multiple levels of resolution, wherein each level of
the structure contains blocks of a different resolution." For support, Skyline
cites to col. 6, 11. 3-6 of the '583 patent.

The portion of the specification cited by Skyline describes how U.S. patent
application Ser. No. 08/939,948 (now United States Patent No. 6,111,583 (the
'583 Patent)), which is incorporated by reference,  [**18]  "uses a hierarchical
database in which substantially each terrain area is described in a plurality of
blocks at different resolution levels." The '583 Patent is relevant because "in
some preferred embodiments of the present invention, the data is stored at the
remote server in accordance with the hierarchical structure described in the 948
application." (col. 3, 11. 13-15) The '583 Patent describes arranging the units
of data into an ordered hierarchy according to successive resolution levels.


     FIGS. 3A and 3B . . ., taken together, are simplified pictorial
     illustrations of a data structure useful in storing a terrain image
     constructed and operative in accordance with a preferred embodiment of
     the present invention. A terrain image is typically stored as a
     hierarchy of  [*380]  one or more two-dimensional grids of one or more
     tiles, with each grid 24 representing the image at a given resolution.
     . . . Each grid has four times more detail then the grid preceding it
     in the hierarchy.

     ('583 Patent, col. 7, 11. 36-49)


The '189 Patent provides even more detail in describing its Fig. 2, "a schematic
block diagram illustrating the data structure of images stored in a database
[**19]  . . . in accordance with a preferred embodiment of the present
invention." (col. 7, 11. 27-31)
     Blocks 42 are preferably stored in database 40. . . . Blocks 42 are
     classified in successive resolution levels 44 labeled 44A, 44B, etc.,
     according to the height from which they view the terrain and,
     therefore, the level of detail which they include. A plurality of
     blocks 42A which belong to the lowest resolution level 44A, labeled
     "level 1," cover the largest area per block and therefore have the
     least detail per area unit. It is noted that the size of the
     geographical area covered by blocks 42A of "level 1" is dependent on
     the specific application of database 40 and may be very diverse. For
     example, in some flight applications, a single block 42A includes an
     image of the entire Planet Earth, while in an atom-simulation
     application, which shows the terrain of an atom, block 42A shows the
     entire atom. Blocks 42B of the next level 44B, labeled "level 2,"
     preferably cover a quarter of the area of blocks 42A of "level 1".
     Thus, for substantially each block 42A, there exist four blocks 42B
     which cover the same area. In a similar manner, each successive level
     44 comprises blocks [**20]  42 which cover a quarter of the area of
     the blocks 42 of the lower resolution level.

     Four blocks 55 of a certain level 44C, which cover the same area as a
     block 57 of the preceding level 44B, are referred to as descendants of
     block 57. Conversely, block 57 is referred to herein as the parent of
     blocks 55. The parent block 59 of block 57 is referred to herein as an
     "ancestor" of blocks 55, and is said to be of a lower resolution level
     than its descendants. It is noted that in FIG. 2, the lower resolution
     levels appear higher on the page.

     (col. 8, 11. 59-67; col. 9, 11. 1-21) (emphasis supplied)



From these descriptions, it is clear that the patent claims a database with a
hierarchical structure in which each successive level contains data blocks of a
higher resolution than those in the preceding level. While I recognize that Fig.
2 is only a schematic and level 1, level 2, level 3 etc. are just labels, it is
important to include the successively ordered nature of the database in the
construction of the term "hierarchical structure", even if a database might be
arranged conceptually from the top down rather than from the bottom up.

As for Skyline's concern over describing [**21]  the hierarchical structure with
the limitation that each level contains data blocks at the same resolution, I
disagree that the limitation erroneously suggests that each level has the same
amount of data. As Skyline contends, the amount of data in a given resolution
level depends on the image being depicted. Or as the specification explains, the
"size of the geographical area covered by blocks of level 1' is dependent on the
specific application of database and may be very diverse. For example, in some
flight applications, a single block includes an image of the entire Planet
Earth, while in an atom-simulation application, which shows the terrain of an
atom, block shows the entire atom." (col. 8, 1. 67; col. 9, 11. 1-7)

Construction:  [HN13] (data blocks belonging to a hierarchical structure) data
blocks that are organized into multiple levels of resolution,  [*381]  whereby
each level contains data blocks at the same resolution, and each successive
level contains data blocks of a higher resolution than those in the preceding
level.

C. First Data Block

Skyline would have the term "first data block" construed as simply "a
designation of a data block that may be one of a plurality [**22]  of data
blocks." Defendants suggest the following construction instead: "the data block
stored in local memory that is the first data block to be provided to the
renderer in response to the coordinates in the terrain and the indication of a
respective resolution level received from the renderer."

In the Markman hearing, Skyline explained that it agreed with the idea that "at
some point" in the process the computer has to call a first data block from the
local memory, and that the first data block is provided at a lower resolution
level, with higher resolution levels being streamed or downloaded to the
computer to provide the higher-resolution image. (Transcript, p. 70, 76) 4 From
Claims 1 and 12, it is clear that "a first data block" refers, as the Defendants
suggest, to the data block stored in the local memory that is the first to be
provided to the renderer. (col. 16, 11. 35-27; col. 18, 11. 21, 23-25) The first
data block provided is not necessarily the block with the lowest resolution
corresponding to the coordinates in the local memory. As Skyline contends, and
the Defendants appear to accept, the first data block could "be the closest data
block in the cache manager to [**23]  the resolution level being requested."
(Transcript, p. 75) Nevertheless, however software might adapt the invention,
neither the "representative" claims nor the specification stipulate the relative
resolution level of the first data block to be provided from the local memory.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 Skyline questioned, however, the suggestion that the computer has to provide a
new first data block for every new coordinate in order for there to be
infringement. (Transcript, pp. 70-71, 76) I am not ruling on infringement in
this Memorandum, I am only construing the claims. Consequently, I do not address
whether the computer needs to provide a new first data block for every new
coordinate in order for there to be infringement.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Construction:  [HN14] (first data block) the first data block provided to the
renderer from the local memory corresponding to the specified of coordinates

D. Terrain

Quoting from The American Heritage College Dictionary 1400 (3d ed. 1997), the
Defendants contend that "terrain" has a plain and [**24]  ordinary meaning --
"the surface features of an area of land; topography" -- and that the use of
"terrain" in the patent is consistent with that meaning. The Plaintiff does not
offer a dictionary definition of the term, but instead argues that the term "is
used in the '189 Patent broadly to include the physical features of an area,
object or material, which includes geographic and/or elevation attributes and
may include other features, such as color attributes and objects.'"

The purpose of the '189 Patent is to provide three-dimensional images of the
Earth's surface to be used by pilots and others, but the specification also
provides that "the terrain is not limited to the Earth or parts thereof, and may
cover other planets (real or virtual) and/or 3D views of surfaces of real or
imaginary objects, such as views showing the atomic structure of a material, and
the like." (col. 16, 11. 16-20) Consequently, the term terrain is plainly not
limited to the surface of the Earth. The Defendants also accept that the concept
of terrain as the surface features of an area can include color.  [*382]
(Transcript, p. 20) The dispute appears to turn, therefore, on whether the term
"terrain," as used in [**25]  the Disputed Claims, includes "objects" overlaid
on the surface of the area in addition to underlying topography of the surface
of the area. (Transcript, p. 19-20, 21)

The Patent contemplates overlaying additional objects or "virtual structures on
the terrain." (col. 8, 1. 51) (emphasis supplied) "For example it is possible to
add planned buildings to the terrain and thus see the effect of the buildings on
the view. Further alternatively or additionally, the objects may be used to
overlay map symbols and other marking on the terrain." (col. 8, 11. 51-55)
(emphasis supplied) This allows "an operator of the server and/or the user . . .
[to] add to the data which describes the terrain annotations which describe
specific points in the scene, such as runways or other destinations.
Alternatively or additionally, the operator may add three-dimensional objects,
such as planned buildings, vehicles, etc. In a preferred embodiment of the
present invention, a group of vehicles are tracked according to their position,
and they are constantly superimposed on the landscape images." (col. 2, 11.
55-64) "Preferably, the user is able to switch between viewing the terrain with
and without  [**26]   the objects, so that, for example, the user may easily
compare the view of a desired area with and without a group of planned
structures." (col. 13, 11. 58-61) (emphasis supplied) Accordingly, the
additional markings or structures that are overlaid on the terrain or the
landscape images are not part of the "terrain".

On the other hand, I find that the specification supports a construction of the
term "terrain" that includes existing objects or structures that are captured in
the virtual images of the land or other surface. The data blocks are preferably
made from "real-life images of terrain areas received from airborne or satellite
cameras." (col. 8, 11. 36-37) Such images will include, therefore, structures
built on the land, such as existing buildings, that can be viewed sufficiently
well. (col. 8, 11. 49-50) In fact, the specification contemplates the processor
being able to "automatically derive [] . . . objects from the images. For
example, the processor may identify roads and/or runways in the images and
represent them as objects so that they appear more clearly in substantially any
resolution of display." (col. 10, 11. 9-14) In that example, the roads and
runways would [**27]  be part of the terrain, although the enhancement of them
as objects overlaid on the land would not be part the terrain.

Construction:  [HN15] (terrain) the surface features of an area of land, an
object, or a material, including color, elevation, and existing objects or
structures on the land, object or material.

E. Coordinates in the Terrain

The Plaintiff construes the phrase "coordinates in the terrain" to mean "any of
a group of one or more numbers used to determine a position in the terrain, such
as x, y, longitude, latitude, height, and/or resolution level." The Defendants
counter that "coordinates in the terrain" must refer to "a pair of numerical
coordinates, such as latitude and longitude or x and y coordinates, of a
particular location in the terrain." Before turning to the heart of the dispute,
I note that resolution level is not within the meaning of the "coordinates in
the terrain". Claim 1 and various parts of the specification refer to the
"coordinates in the terrain" and the "resolution level" as separate variables.

The debate with respect to the term coordinates' is a consequence of the fact
that the term connotes two different meanings, as understood [**28]  by a person
of skill in  [*383]  the art that may be readily apparent even to lay judges,
and that the term appears to be used in the two different ways within the patent
specification. Thus, my task requires choosing the most appropriate meaning as
used in the claims in light of the two uses in the specification.

A coordinate' typically refers to an individual value, such as an x-coordinate,
which along with another coordinate on a different axis (y), would locate a
point in a two-dimensional plane. Thus, a longitude coordinate and a latitude
coordinate would together locate a point on the Earth's surface. By adding a
third coordinate (z), the three values together would specify a point in a
three-dimensional space. Consequently, with respect to storing a proposed flight
plan, the specification speaks of inputting "three-coordinate points which
describe the route. The three coordinates preferably represent longitudinal,
latitudinal, and height coordinates of the points along the course[.]" (col. 10,
11. 39-41) Similarly, "each block is referenced using longitudinal and
latitudinal (x, y) coordinates of one of the points in the block, such as the
top right corner pixel, together with the [**29]  resolution level of the
block." (col. 9, 11. 35-38) However, the term coordinates' can also be used to
refer to a set of two or more values used to determine the position of a point
on a plane or in space. In this sense, the statement that "each object is
preferably accompanied by coordinates which state the position of the object
within sub-block" can be thought of as referring to a set of at least two
coordinate elements that together identify the object's location. (col. 8, 11.
43-44) From this perspective, the plural form of coordinates' simply
contemplates that more than one data block may be requested at a time and that
to identify each block one needs a set of coordinates. Consequently,
coordinates' may refer to the plural of coordinate' or to the set made up of at
least a pair of coordinate points.

The question, then, becomes whether "one or more coordinates in the terrain"
refers to one coordinate, such as x, or more than one coordinate, such as x and
y, or rather to one set of coordinates, such as x/y, or more than one set of
coordinates, such as x/y and x1/y1. I find that adopting the latter
understanding reconciles the claim language ("one or more") with the Defendants'
[**30]  concerns and the specification. This meaning also makes sense when
contrasted to the reference in other claims to a "plurality of coordinates",
that is to more than one set of coordinates requiring more than one data block
to represent the terrain to be viewed.

If "one or more coordinates" meant that only one numerical value ('coordinate')
would be sufficient, the processor could not provide the renderer with the data
block(s) corresponding to the coordinates of the terrain specified. The
preferred way of structuring the data blocks is to have "a header record
comprising an index to the blocks", (col. 9, 11. 25-26), and to reference each
block "using longitudinal and latitudinal (x, y) coordinates of one of the
points in the block, such as the top right corner pixel, together with the
resolution level of the block." (col. 9, 11. 35-38). Then the "renderer
determines the exact blocks needed and calls for them using their (x, y)
coordinates and their resolution level. Alternatively or additionally, renderer
specifies, for each resolution level, the coordinates of the boundaries of the
necessary areas, and cache manager determines the identities of the required
blocks." (col. 14, 11.  [**31]  10-15) Consequently, even in the alternative
scenario, the system requires multiple sets of numerical values ('coordinates')
that define the boundaries of the particular area of the terrain.

[*384]  Construction:  [HN16] (coordinates in the terrain) a set of numerical
values that identifies a particular location in the terrain

F. Resolution Level

In construing "indication of a respective resolution level", the Defendants
suggested that resolution level referred to "the amount of detail per unit
area." In its Reply Brief, the Plaintiff argued that "the amount of detail" is
not tied to a "unit area." However, in the Plaintiff's Memorandum in Support of
Motion for Preliminary Injunction, the Plaintiff indicated that "the blocks with
the highest resolution level have the most amount of detail per unit area. '189
Patent, col. 3, lns. 6-9." While not specifically addressed at the Markman
hearing by either party, Defendants' construction appears appropriate.

Although, the specification anticipates that "the data streaming methods of the
present invention may be used to convey large databases of data which are to be
displayed graphically, such as in graphic displays of stock values,  [**32]  "
(col. 16, 11. 20-24), as opposed to just three-dimensional views of the
surfaces, Claims 1 and 12 specifically claim a "method of providing data blocks
describing three-dimensional terrain" and an "apparatus for providing data
blocks describing three-dimensional terrain." (col. 16, 11. 28-29; col. 18, 11.
12-13) Consequently, classifying data blocks describing three-dimensional
terrain "according to the height from which they view the terrain and,
therefore, the level of detail which they include," (col. 8, 11. 62-64),
requires that the concept of resolution levels include a per unit area
dimension. The specification affirms this meaning by stating plainly that "the
blocks at lower resolution levels include less detail per unit area, while the
blocks of higher resolution levels include more detail per unit area." (col. 3,
11. 6-9) I construe the term "resolution level" as the level of detail of the
data per unit area, even though in the preferred embodiment "the resolution
level is also dependent on the number of pixels in the image displayed on
display. Preferably, the resolution levels are chosen so that an approximate 1:1
ratio is achieved between the number of displayed pixels [**33]  and the number
of data pixels." (col. 11, 11. 32-37) (emphasis supplied)

Construction:  [HN17] (resolution level) the level of detail of the data per
unit area.

G. Indication of a respective resolution level

Although the Plaintiff did not construe the phrase "indication of a respective
resolution level" in its opening brief, the Plaintiff, in its Reply, took issue
with the Defendants' suggestion that this phrase be construed to mean "data
specifying the amount of detail per unit area corresponding to a level of
resolution in the hierarchical structure of data blocks." Skyline now offers
instead the following broad construction: "something that indicates, points out,
or signifies a respective resolution level."

The first step of the method claimed in Claim 1 is for part of what I will refer
to as "the system" to receive from the renderer "one or more coordinates in the
terrain along with indication of a respective resolution level." (col. 16, 11.
32-34) That part of the system is then able to "provide the renderer with a
first data block which includes data corresponding to the one or more
coordinates, from a local memory" and if that first block "is not at the
indicated [**34]  resolution level," the system downloads more data blocks
corresponding to the coordinates. (col. 16, 11. 39-44) In Claim 12, it is the
"processor which receives one or more specified coordinates along with
indication of a respective resolution  [*385]  level from a renderer [and then]
provides the renderer with a first data block . . . and downloads . . . one ore
more data blocks . . . if the first block is not from the indicated level."
(col. 18, 11. 21-30) The specification describes how preferably the "renderer
determines the exact blocks needed and calls for them using their (x, y)
coordinates and their resolution level." (col. 14, 11. 10-12) All of these
references suggest that "indication of a respective resolution" simply means the
renderer indicates (to the processor) or identifies the particular resolution
level or the particular level of the hierarchical database of the data required.

At the Markman hearing, the parties agreed with this construction except that
Skyline questioned whether it is necessary to bring the concept of hierarchical
structure into this definition. (Transcript, p. 66) Upon reflection, I find that
it is unnecessary to include hierarchical database within [**35]  the
construction of this term because it is already agreed that the database is
organized hierarchically by resolution level.

Construction:  [HN18] (indication of respective resolution level) the
identification of the particular resolution level of the data required

H. Renderer

Plaintiff offers the following construction for this term:


     something that may be implemented entirely in software or may include
     a dedicated hardware processor along with a software package running
     on a general purpose processor, which performs one or more steps of
     the recited method and assists in the display of the terrain based on
     the data provided.


Defendants contend that it is not nearly so broad, offering the following
construction instead:
     a software and/or hardware object that performs each of the following
     steps: (1) determines the coordinates of the terrain data required to
     create an image and sends the needed coordinates along with a
     specified resolution level to another object; (2) receives the data
     blocks corresponding to the provided coordinates; and (3) uses the
     received data blocks to create an image.



Claim 1 teaches a "method comprising: receiving from [**36]  the renderer one or
more coordinates in the terrain along with indication of a respective resolution
level" and "providing the renderer with a first data block . . . from a local
memory." (col. 16, 11. 31-37) Claim 12 provides for an "apparatus for providing
data blocks . . . to a renderer . . . comprising: a local memory which stores
data blocks corresponding to coordinates proximal to a current viewpoint of the
renderer" and "a processor which receives one or more specified coordinates
along with indication of a respective resolution level from a renderer, [and]
provides the renderer with a first data block." (col. 18, 111. 12-13, 16-18,
21-24) This language shows that important aspects of the method run through the
renderer. But according to Claim 9, the renderer does not simply act as a
go-between, providing coordinates and receiving data blocks, it also has the
undisputed job of ultimately converting the information into an image and
rendering the view from the current viewpoint. (col. 17, 11. 65-67)

The specifications provide a similar picture of the renderer's three functions
in the preferred embodiment with references to renderer', renders', and
rendering program'.  [**37]


     In some preferred embodiments of the present invention, the processor
     runs a rendering program which displays the three dimensional images
     based on the  [*386]  viewpoint, the size of the displayed image and
     the blocks received from the server. The rendering program orders the
     blocks it needs using a cache manager, which is preferably a software
     routine running on the processor. If the cache manager has the ordered
     block, it provides it to the rendering program. However, if the block
     is not carried by the cache manager, it is ordered from the server,
     and a replacement block from a lower resolution level is passed to the
     rendering program.

     When the rendering program requires a block including a new point or
     area for display, the cache manager first requests the block of the
     lowest resolution level which covers the area with the least detail
     and then requests subsequent blocks with successively increasing
     detail, until the block with the level of detail required by the
     rendering program is sent. The rendering program renders the
     three-dimensional image using the blocks it has on hand. Each time
     another block is received, the image is rendered again.  [**38]  Thus,
     the user sees an image at substantially all times and is not prevented
     from moving the viewpoint while additional data is being sent from the
     server.

     There is therefore provided in accordance with a preferred embodiment
     of the present invention, a method of providing data blocks describing
     three-dimensional terrain to a renderer, the data blocks belonging to
     a hierarchical structure which includes blocks at a plurality of
     different resolution levels, the method including receiving from the
     renderer one or more coordinates in the terrain along with indication
     of a respective resolution level, providing the renderer with a first
     data block which includes data corresponding to the one or more
     coordinates, from a local memory, and downloading from a remote server
     one or more additional data blocks which include data corresponding to
     the one or more coordinates if the provided block from the local
     memory is not at the indicated resolution level.

     Preferably, the method includes downloading excess blocks not
     currently needed by the renderer to fill up the local memory when not
     downloading blocks required by the renderer.

     Preferably, the renderer  [**39]   renders a view from a current
     viewpoint.


(col. 3, 11. 54-67; col. 4, 11. 1-23, 56-59, 60-61) (emphasis supplied)

Detailed descriptions of the figures in the patent further substantiate that the
renderer performs at least three functions: it determines the coordinates
needed; receives the appropriate data blocks; and renders an image with the data
provided. (See, e.g., col. 11, 11. 19-24 ("Processor preferably . . . comprises
a renderer, which calculates the view from the viewpoint and continuously
renders the view on display" and "determines the coordinates of the pixels it
needs in order to render the view and requests the descriptions of these pixels
from a cache manager."); col. 12, 11. 58-63 ("Renderer uses blocks from cache
manager to render the required view on display. Preferably, when cache manager
provides a block of a lower resolution level than that requested by renderer,
the renderer uses the provided block to interpolate a higher resolution-level
block."); col. 14, 11. 10-13 ("Preferably, renderer determines the exact blocks
needed and calls for them using their (x, y) coordinates and their resolution
level. Alternatively or additionally,  [**40]  renderer specifies, for each
resolution level, the coordinates of the boundaries of the necessary areas, and
cache manager determines the identities of the  [*387]  required blocks."); see
also col. 14, 11. 27-46; col. 15, 11. 33-46.)

The parties do not dispute that the renderer is an object that may be
implemented entirely in software or may include hardware, (Transcript, p. 22),
for as the specification describes:


     Preferably, renderer is as described in the above mentioned U.S.
     patent application Ser. No. 08/939,948. 5 Alternatively or
     additionally, renderer may operate in accordance with any other method
     known in the art. Renderer is preferably implemented entirely in
     software. Alternatively, renderer includes a dedicated hardware
     processor, such as a 3D graphic accelerator, along with a software
     package running on general purpose processor which provides blocks to
     the dedicated hardware processor.

     (col. 13, 11. 8-17)




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 "It is appreciated that the [terrain rendering] method of FIGS. 1A-1C may be
implemented partly in computer hardware and partly in software, or entirely in
custom hardware. Preferably, the apparatus of the present invention is
implemented in suitably programmed computer hardware comprising, for example, a
Pentium-Pro/MNX based central processing unit (CPU)." ('583 Patent, col. 6, 11.
4-10)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**41]  The parties also agree that the renderer receives data blocks
corresponding to the specified coordinates and uses the data provided to display
real-life images of terrain or three-dimensional images of an object or
material. 6 (Transcript, p. 22) The Plaintiff disputes, however, whether the
renderer is limited by the three steps identified by the Defendants and whether
something else, namely the cache manager, may perform those steps. More
specifically, the essence of the debate crystallized during the Markman hearing
into understanding the impact of the statement in the specification that
"alternatively, cache manager determines the identity of the required blocks
and/or sub-blocks." (col. 11, 11. 26-27)(Transcript, pp. 24, 27, 31-33)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 The Plaintiff insists on the verb "assists" (Pl. Brief, p. 10), citing to col.
11, 11. 19 -- col. 13, 11. 17 and Figs. 5, 8. I do not agree that the word
"assists" is necessary. It is clear from the specification that it is the
renderer that renders the view. See col. 11, 11. 19-21 (The renderer "calculates
the view from the viewpoint and continuously renders the view from the viewpoint
and continuously renders the view on display."); col. 12, 11. 58-59 ("Renderer
uses blocks from cache manager to render the required view on display."); and
col. 12, 11. 66-67, col. 13, 11. 1-7 ("When cache manager finishes downloading
an additional block of a higher resolution level from server, the block is
provided to renderer, which updates the rendered view accordingly. Preferably,
when the viewpoint is in motion, renderer updates the view at least ten times
per second so that the user has a perception of constant movement, although
other rates of update may also be used. Preferably, renderer renders the view
each time from scratch without using previously-rendered views.") To the degree
that other components are required for the renderer to render the view, such
assisting components do not detract from the renderer's function of using the
received data block to display an image.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**42]  It is clear from Claims 1 and 2 that in describing both the method and
the apparatus, a part of the system (the processor in Claim 12) "receives one or
more specified coordinates along with indication of a respective resolution
level from a renderer[.]" (col. 16, 11. 32-34; col. 18, 11. 20-23) (emphasis
supplied). This step is also described in the specification as the "renderer
determines the coordinates of the pixels it needs in order to render the view
and requests the descriptions of these pixels from a cache manager." (col. 11,
11. 21-24) As a result, something must perform the function of determining which
data blocks correspond to the coordinates identified as required by the renderer
so that the appropriate data block may be sent to  [*388]  the renderer.
Preferably, it is the "renderer [that] determines which blocks and/or sub-blocks
include the required pixels", (col. 11, 11. 24-26), and therefore the "cache
manager downloads from server the blocks and/or sub-blocks required by renderer
. . ." (col. 11, 11. 62-63) Alternatively, however, it is the "cache manager
[that] determines the identity of the required blocks and/or sub-blocks" from
the coordinates received from the [**43]  renderer. (col. 11, 11. 26-27) But, in
both embodiments of the method, it is clear that the renderer at least performs
the function of determining and specifying to another object what coordinates
are required along with identifying the respective resolution level.

Construction:  [HN19] (renderer) software and/or hardware object that performs
at least the following functions: (1) determining and providing to another
object the required coordinates in the terrain along with a respective
resolution level; (2) receiving the data blocks corresponding to the specified
coordinates; and (3) using the received data blocks to display a
three-dimensional image.

I. Local Memory

The Plaintiff argues that "'local memory' requires no more detailed a definition
than memory of a local computer,'" quoting the Microsoft Computer Dictionary.
Defendants proffered construction is consistent with a more narrow definition of
local memory: "a memory that is part of the local computer that is performing
the steps of the recited method." But, during the hearing, the parties agreed to
the construction "memory easily accessible to the client computer, either
because it is physically part of [**44]  the processor or is attached directly
thereto -- as distinct from the memory of the remote server from which data must
be downloaded." This definition addresses the Plaintiff's concern that local
memory need not actually be physically part of the computer, for example, if
located in a thumbdrive, and the Defendants' concern that it be clear that the
local memory is distinct from the processor that may be running on the remote
server. (Transcript, pp. 68-69)

The language in the disputed claims and the specification highlights that the
"local memory", or "cache memory", 7 is the memory directly tied, although not
necessarily physically, to the processor and not memory local to any other
computing device or remote server. The data in the local memory must be
available to the processor in a direct, rapid way that memory found elsewhere --
such as in the remote server -- is not. See, e.g., col. 11, 11. 58-61 ("The term
cache memory is used herein generally to refer to any relatively small memory
which can be accessed rapidly by processor and is used to save data which is
most likely to be used by the processor."); col. 14, 11. 31-45 ("When a request
for block, identified as "x," and [**45]  having resolution level N, is received
from renderer, cache manager determines, as indicated in block (FIG. 8), the
level j of the highest resolution-level ancestor of block x stored in cache
memory. If the block itself is stored in cache memory (i.e., j=N), the block is
provided to renderer. Otherwise, the highest resolution level ancestor of block
x which is stored in cache memory is provided to renderer, as indicated in
block. As described hereinbelow, cache manager downloads the rest of the
ancestors of block x from server in order of increasing resolution levels, as
indicated by an arrow in FIG. 9. As the blocks are  [*389]  received from the
server, they are supplied to renderer so that the user sees an image whose
resolution increases with time.") The distinction between the local cache memory
and the larger memory stores that are accessible through a "communication link"
is at the heart of the invention. Unlike prior art, this patent purports to
display three-dimensional images on a user's computer without requiring an
unusually large "local memory" by streaming data from a remote source,
preferably over the Internet. (col. 2, 11. 7-20, 26-33.)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 The figures included in the patent refer to the "cache memory 32", and it
seems clear that this is what is referenced when the patent speaks of the "local
memory." See col. 3, 11. 24-27 (referring to a "local cache memory"); col. 13,
1. 40 ("local cache memory").
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**46]  Construction:  [HN20] (local memory) memory easily accessible to the
user's processor, either because it is physically part of the processor or is
attached directly thereto, and distinct from the memory of the remote server
from which data must be downloaded.

J. Communication Link & Processor

The Plaintiff construes "communication link" to refer to "the connection between
computers that enables data transfer" citing Microsoft Computer Dictionary 98
(4th ed. 1999). The Plaintiff defines a "processor" to be "a unit comprised of
hardware and/or software that processes computer-readable instructions." The
Defendants did not propose an alternative to the Plaintiff's suggested
constructions of "communication link" and "processor". In the hearing, the
Defendants suggested that I adopt the Plaintiff's unopposed construction, so
long as I also adopt their unopposed constructions of various other terms in the
other claims. Since the scope of this construction is limited to terms in
dispute in Claims 1 and 12, I need not consider the proposed constructions for
other terms in the other claims. But, I will adopt the Plaintiff's constructions
for "communication link" and "processor". [**47]  Given the Defendants' concerns
with respect to local memory, however, I adopt the Plaintiff's construction of
"processor" with the caveat that it is a unit of the user's computer as distinct
from the "remote server." (col. 2, 1. 8)

Construction:  [HN21] (connecting device) a network connection, such as the
Internet, used for transferring data between computers

Construction: (processor) a unit of hardware and/or software, distinct for the
remote server, that processes computer-readable instructions

/s/ Douglas P. Woodlock

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

ATTACHMENT

APPENDIX

SUMMARY OF CONSTRUCTIONS
  Disputed         Skyline's          Defendants'           Court's
    Term         Construction        Construction        Construction
 data block   a quantity, set or  an image of a       A block or
              amount of           terrain area that   collection of data
              information or data is composed of      or digital
              representing a      pixels, where each  information
              portion of the      data block
              terrain             optionally also
                                  contains data
                                  associated with the
                                  image of the
                                  terrain area, such
                                  as data describing
                                  other objects that
                                  overlay the
                                  terrain; each block
                                  has one particular
                                  resolution

 data block                                           a block or
 describing                                           collection of data
   three-                                             or digital
 dimensional                                          information that
   terrain                                            represents or
                                                      describes a section
                                                      of three --
                                                      dimensional terrain
                                                      at a particular
                                                      resolution level
                                                      and that includes
                                                      any additional data
                                                      overlaid on the
                                                      digital image of
                                                      the terrain, such
                                                      as altitude, labels
                                                      or optional objects

 data blocks  data blocks         data blocks that    data blocks that
  belonging   arranged into       are organized into  are organized into
    to a      multiple levels of  multiple levels of  multiple levels of
hierarchical  resolution, wherein resolution, whereby resolution, whereby
  structure   each level of the   each level contains each level contains
              structure contains  data blocks at the  data blocks at the
              blocks of a         same resolution,    same resolution.
              different           and each successive and each successive
              resolution          level contains data level contains data
                                  blocks of a higher  blocks of a higher
                                  resolution than     resolution than
                                  those in the        those in the
                                  preceding level     preceding level

 first data   a designation of a  the data block      the first data
    block     data block that may stored in local     block provided to
              be one of a         memory that is the  the renderer from
              plurality of data   first data block to the local memory
              blocks              be provided to the  corresponding to
                                  renderer in         the specified
                                  response to the     coordinates
                                  coordinates in the
                                  terrain and the
                                  indication of a
                                  respective
                                  resolution level
                                  received from the
                                  renderer

   terrain    the physical        the surface         the surface
              features of an      features of an area features of an area
              area, object or     of land; topography of land, an object,
              material, which                         or a material,
              includes geographic                     including color,
              and/or elevation                        elevation, and
              attributes and may                      existing objects or
              include other                           structures on the
              features, such as                       land, object or
              color attributes                        material
              and objects

 coordinates  any of a group of   a pair of numerical a set of numerical
   in the     one or more numbers coordinates, such   values that
   terrain    used to determine a as latitude and     identifies a
              position in the     longitude or x and  particular location
              terrain, such as x, y coordinates, of a in the terrain
              y, longitude,       particular location
              latitude, height,   in the terrain
              and/or resolution
              level

 resolution   the level of detail the amount of       the level of detail
    level     of the data         detail per unit     of the data per
                                  area                unit area

indication of something that      data specifying the the identification
a respective  indicates, points   amount of detail    of the particular
 resolution   out, or signifies a per unit area       resolution level of
    level     respective          corresponding to a  the data required
              resolution level    level of resolution
                                  in the hierarchical
                                  structure of data
                                  blocks

  renderer    something that may  a software and/or   software and/or
              be implemented      hardware object     hardware object
              entirely in         that performs each  that performs at
              software or may     of the following    least the following
              include a dedicated steps: (1)          functions: (1)
              hardware processor  determines the      determining and
              along with a        coordinates of the  providing to
              software package    terrain data        another object the
              running on a        required to create  required
              general purpose     an image and sends  coordinates in the
              processor, which    the needed          terrain along with
              performs one or     coordinates along   a respective
              more steps of the   with a specified    resolution level;
              recited method and  resolution level to (2) receiving the
              assists in the      another object; (2) data blocks
              display of the      receives the data   corresponding to
              terrain based on    blocks              the specified
              the data provided   corresponding to    coordinates; and
                                  the provided        (3) using the
                                  coordinates; and    received data
                                  (3) uses the        blocks to display a
                                  received data       three --
                                                      dimensional
                                  blocks to create an image
                                  image.

local memory  memory of a local   a memory that is    memory easily
              Computer            part of the local   accessible to the
                                  computer that is    user's processor,
                                  performing the      either because it
                                  steps of the        is physically part
                                  recited method      of the processor or
                                                      is attached
                                                      directly thereto,
                                                      and distinct from
                                                      the memory of the
                                                      remote server from
                                                      which data must be
                                                      downloaded

communication a network                               a network
    link      connection, such as                     connection, such as
              the Internet, used                      the Internet, used
              for transferring                        for transferring
              data between                            data between
              Computers                               computers

  Processor   a unit comprised of                     a unit of hardware
              hardware and/or                         and/or software,
              software that                           distinct for the
              processes                               remote server, that
              computer --
              Readable                                processes
                                                      computer --
              Instructions                            readable
                                                      instructions
[**48]
