

Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper and larger displays,
confirming longstanding speculation it will move into a market segment dominated
by arch-rival Samsung Electronics.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled two new iPhones on Tuesday with sharper
and larger displays, moving into a market segment dominated by arch-rival
Samsung Electronics.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus will support more than 200
telecoms carriers worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market
for the company.

Apple is expected to introduce its first new product since the iPad in 2010, a
smartwatch, later on Tuesday.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi estimated on Tuesday that if Apple
were to sell 30 million iWatches at $250 each, it would add about $7.5 billion
to its revenue.

Rival electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and
Qualcomm Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The pressure is on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook unveiling
the first device developed under his reign attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its event
online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream went down
for many users about a half-hour in, prompting many to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

The battery life the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9,
2014. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

