

While it might seem as though Apple pumps out a new iPhone or iPad every other
month, the pace isn't fast enough forsome. As a result, a steady stream of
iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 concept images and videos continues to materialize,
including a couple of new ones that envision Apple's latest designs looking more
and more like some of Samsung's products.

Toronto's Peter Zigich has posted a slew of images of what he envisions the
iPhone 6 looking like. Among his creations, Apple smartphones that approach the
4.8-inch screen size of Samsung Galaxy S3 phones, with space freed up by pushing
the home button to the side of the iPhone.

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S edition] Zigich writes on his blog: "
iPhone 5 is still the best looking phone today. Competition is not standing
still. Some nice 'premium' phones are coming out from other companies. It makes
me wonder what will Apple do to stay on top, and beat out the competition."

Zigich envisions Apple possibly going very big, with more of a phablet-sized
iPhone 6 XL, along the lines of a Samsung Galaxy Note device. At the same time,
Zigich imagines Apple also going much smaller, like with the iPhone 4, in a
model that would be relatively cheap and allow Apple to better compete against
cut-rate devices.

IPhone 6: The Video Russian site AppleInsider.ru offers up a "hands-on" demo of
the iPhone 6 via the video shown here.

The highlights: a 4.2-inch screen, stereo speakers on the back, 8 grams less of
weight and a rainbow of color options. Not clear what became of the home button
on this design.

As for when Apple might actually roll out an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 or something
else, guesses are all over the map, as outlined in our latest iPhone rumor
rollup.Â  Apple in in the fourth quarter outsold Samsung to become the leading
cellphone vendor in the United States for the first time, with 17.7 million
iPhones sold in the U.S. in in the fourth quarter.

Bob Brown tracks network research in his Alpha Doggs blog and Facebook page, as
well on Twitter and Google +.



