

After Apple unveiled new iPhones and smartwatches last week, we asked readers to
send us their questions about the devices. J. D. Biersdorfer and Brian X. Chen
answer the queries.

Q. How much is the new iPhone going to cost? Do the wireless headphones come
with the phone or is a separate payment needed? What colors do they come in
again? -- Stephanie

J. D.: Here is the breakdown for the iPhone 7, without carrier subsidies or
trade-up deals factored in:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $650.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $750.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model (the one with the largest capacity): $850.

For the larger iPhone 7 Plus:

â-  The 32-gigabyte model: $770.

â-  The 128-gigabyte model: $870.

â-  The 256-gigabyte model: $970.

Apple and most wireless carriers offer monthly payment plans to carve up the
cost into smaller cash chunks. Wired earbuds are included in the box, but the
wireless AirPods are not part of the package and will cost an additional $160
when they arrive in late October.

As for colors, you have your choice of silver, gold, pink (''rose gold'') or
flat black for all models. A new glossy ebony shade called ''jet black'' is also
available for both iPhone 7 models in the 128- and 256-gigabyte capacities, but
Footnote No. 1 on Apple's product specifications page warns that the color's
''high shine may show fine microabrasions with use.'' It suggests getting a case
to protect it -- which may defeat the purpose of getting the stylish new color
unless you like scratches or clear plastic phone cases.

I have an iPhone 6 I purchased in November 2014 with a warranty, which expires
in November 2016. Is it worth it for me to purchase an iPhone 7? -- Jack
Bertolino

Brian: Based on speed alone, it is probably worthwhile to upgrade if you
currently own an iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 is significantly faster than the iPhone
6. In speed tests conducted with the app Geekbench 4, the iPhone 7 was 114
percent faster than the iPhone 6.

Other than that, the iPhone 7 camera is significantly better than the one on the
iPhone 6. And when you consider the benefits of the iPhone 7's being water-and
dust-resistant, over all this is a meaningful upgrade if you own an iPhone that
is at least two years old.

What is the weight difference for the new phones compared to past models? --
Burt Herman

J. D.: For the iPhone models with the 4.7-inch screen size, Apple's
specifications state the iPhone 6 from two years ago tipped the scales at 4.55
ounces and last year's iPhone 6s came in at 5.04 ounces -- but the iPhone 7 dips
back down to 4.87 ounces. In the 5.5-inch screen category, the larger iPhone 6
Plus model has a listed weight of 6.07 ounces and the iPhone 6s Plus is 6.77
ounces, but the iPhone 7 Plus edges down to 6.63 ounces. In comparison, the
lightest model currently for sale is the iPhone SE, which was released earlier
this year. The iPhone SE, with a smaller four-inch screen, is a comparatively
svelte 3.99 ounces.

Can other brands of wireless headphones be used with the new 7? Or are you
limited to the Apple headphones because of a new type of chip in the device? --
Mark Singleton

Brian:  The iPhone 7 supports the open Bluetooth standard, so third-party
wireless headphones will be compatible with it. The proprietary chip you are
referring to, called W1, is inside the AirPods, Apple's new wireless earbuds.
The AirPods will work fully only with Apple devices. While non-Apple Bluetooth
devices can connect with the AirPods for audio, they would not be able to take
advantage of the AirPods' special auto-pairing feature or Siri.

How does the iPhone 7 camera differ from the ones on the iPhone 6 and 6s? -- Pat
Well

J. D.: Far from the measly fixed-focus, two-megapixel camera in 2007's original
iPhone, the iPhone 6 line of 2014 had an eight-megapixel camera with a
five-element lens, f/2.2 aperture, a True Tone Flash, face detection and other
advanced features; the larger 6 Plus also provided optical image stabilization.
The iPhone 6s series bumped up the camera resolution to 12 megapixels and added
the animated Live Photos feature and 4K video support -- but kept the
five-element lens and f/2.2 aperture, while optical image stabilization stayed
exclusive to the Plus-size version.

However, the iPhone 7 provides optical image stabilization in both the regular
and supersize models, and upgrades the hardware to a six-element lens for more
colorful photos with greater image detail. The lens also has a larger aperture
of f/1.8 and this year's iPhones have a flash that is 50 percent brighter than
the one on last year's models.

Devotion to serious smartphone photography is where the iPhone 7 line diverges,
as the bigger iPhone 7 Plus adds a second camera on the back -- a 12-megapixel
telephoto unit with a f/2.8 aperture, as well as optical and digital zoom. To
get professional-quality portraits, the 7 Plus uses the two cameras together to
show the picture's main subject in sharp focus while gently blurring the
background.

For those concerned with the selfie quality in their Instagram feeds, the
resolution on the front FaceTime camera has taken a huge leap since the
1.2-megapixel version on the iPhone 6, and even the five-megapixel front camera
on last year's iPhone 6s. The iPhone 7 now tops the line with a seven-megapixel
camera staring you in the face.

When you are in an app and you accidentally touch the iPhone's new home button,
as it is touch-sensitive now, will the app close out? -- Amanda

Brian: No, the app will not close out. The virtual home button is not just
touch-sensitive; it is force-sensitive, meaning it can detect how hard you
press. In other words, you have to press down on the button to return to the
home screen; when you do, the home button will vibrate in response.

How do you charge the new AirPods? -- John Steel

J. D.: The new wireless earbuds will come with a special portable case that both
stores and charges the headphones; numerous people have already described it as
looking like a large dental floss dispenser. The AirPods themselves are supposed
to get about five hours of use per full charge -- or a minimum of three charging
sessions to get through all four operas in Richard Wagner's epic ''Ring" cycle.

When the juice runs out, you put the AirPods in the little white charging case
to power up again. Apple estimates 15 minutes in the case should get the AirPods
about three hours of listening time or at least an hour of talk time, as the
earbuds also include microphones for phone calls or Siri commands. The special
charging case needs its own power refill after about 24 hours of listening time.
So before long trips, remember to charge the charging case as you charge the
AirPods so the music doesn't die while you are in transit.

Can the AirPods be used with older phones? -- Curtis Bale

Brian: Older iPhones capable of running the new operating system, iOS 10, will
be compatible with the AirPods. Apple's website says that iPhones all the way
back to the four-year-old iPhone 5 can run iOS 10.

When you say Apple will include an adapter in the box -- is that for old
headphones? I have very expensive headphones so I'm not just looking for earbud
replacements. -- Margaret Smyth

J. D.: Yes, each new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus includes an Apple ''Lightning to
3.5-millimeter headphone jack adapter'' in the box. This slender adapter allows
you to connect any set of headphones with the standard 3.5-millimeter plug to
the jack in the new iPhone 7. If you lose the adapter, it breaks, or you have
multiple sets of headphones in rotation, you can buy additional audio dongles on
Apple's site for $9 each. Non-Apple versions of the adapter will pop up as well.

When will the iPhone 7 be available unlocked? -- Reid

Brian: You can already order an iPhone 7 unlocked from Apple's online store.
However, Apple's webpage makes buying an unlocked phone confusing. On the iPhone
7 order page, select the model you want and select a carrier. Then choose a
color and storage capacity, and finally, scroll down and select the ''Pay in
full'' option to buy an unlocked iPhone.

Is the iPhone 7 the same size as the iPhone 6? Basically, will my case for the
iPhone 6 fit onto the iPhone 7? -- Emma Millen

J. D.: It depends on the type of case you have. While 2014's iPhone 6 and 2016's
iPhone 7 are the same width and length, the new model (and last year's iPhone
6s) is 0.01 inches thicker than the iPhone 6 -- 0.27 inches versus 0.28 inches
deep, to be specific. So loosefitting portfolio/wallet/belt-clip cases or
generic bumpers may still work depending on the individual design, but if you
have a sleek form-fitting case with precise notches carved out for ports and
components, you will probably need to go shopping. That's because the upgraded
camera system on the back of the iPhone 7 is bigger and needs a larger piece cut
away than what is provided by many cases specifically designed for the iPhone 6/
6s line.

Additionally, if you plan to use the iPhone 7's new second speaker along the
bottom edge -- and do not have a case that provides a gap for it -- things may
sound a little muffled.

I just purchased an Apple Watch within the past two weeks. Since they are
selling the older version of the watch, called Series 1, with an upgraded
processor, is there any chance Apple will replace the processors on recently
purchased watches? -- Randy Eichen

Brian: Probably not. For Apple, upgrading the older Apple Watch with a new chip
was not as simple as sticking a faster chip inside it -- it required
re-engineering parts of the watch to support the new chip. If you have buyer's
remorse and would like the Apple Watch Series 1 with the faster processor, your
best bet is to go to an Apple Store and ask for an exchange.

Apple's return policy gives you 14 days to return an item for a refund or
exchange. Even if you have passed that deadline, there is a good chance that if
you beg politely, a store representative will make an exception, given the
circumstances.

Will there be a splitter available to allow recharging and listening through the
headphone jack at the same time? -- Meridee

J. D.: Yes, optional accessories are coming to the rescue for those who want to
simultaneously charge the phone's battery while using a pair of wired
headphones.

Early products include Belkin's $40 Lighting Audio and Charge RockStar adapter
and Apple's own $49 iPhone Lightning Dock. Expect other products as well.
Belkin's glossy white accessory basically turns one Lightning port into two.
Apple's latest device dock cradles the phone as it sits atop a Lightning
connector for charging or syncing to a computer; the dock is available in five
colors and compatible with all previous Lightning port-equipped iPhone models.
The back of the dock provides a 3.5-millimeter audio jack to plug in a pair of
headphones -- including the new Lightning headphones with the free adapter that
comes with the new iPhone 7 family.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone
-7-apple-watch-faq.html

