

Friday, January 16, 2015: PhoneSuit, award winning manufacturer of Smartphone
battery cases and mobile power solutions today announced the next generation of
the PhoneSuit Elite Battery Case product line at CES 2015 (Consumer Electronics
Show) in Las Vegas. The Elite 6 Battery Case Series for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus provides users with extended power for up to 2 days of use without the need
to reach a power outlet. The latest generation of PhoneSuit Elite Battery Cases
continue to deliver the ultimate in power, protection and style with industry
leading, premium case designs.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series incorporates a number of new features
to provide iPhone users with extended power while also enhancing ergonomics and
durability. PhoneSuit's innovative touch control technology utilizes multiple
sensors which allow users to check battery status and control iPhone power
output with ease. The touch sensors eliminate the need for archaic mechanical
switches and buttons, which can fail over time. PhoneSuit's advanced chipset and
custom high-density battery cells can provide users with up to 120% in
additional iPhone power. Quick charge technology fully recharges an iPhone 6 in
less than 2 hours. Smart Power Management technology prioritizes and manages
power delivery to the iPhone. The list of Power features include, pass-through
charging, prioritized charging, iTunes sync, automatic-off once iPhone is 100%
charged and more.

The Elite 6 Battery Case line features ultra-slim, ergonomic, full protection
case designs. The internal structurally reinforced construction and high
strength polycarbonate materials have been rigorously tested to ensure drop
protection from nearly any angle. PhoneSuit's proprietary soft-touch, metallic
rubber composite coating provides for a great grip and feel in hand.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case series is available now for pre-order on
PhoneSuit.com. Users can choose from variety of colors which include soft-touch
Black metallic, Blue metallic, Red metallic and Silver metallic colors.

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 (2200 mAh) provides up to 80%
extra charge at $79.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 (3000 mAh) provides up to
120% extra charge at $99.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (3000 mAh) provides up to
80% extra charge at $89.95

The PhoneSuit Elite 6 Pro Battery Case for iPhone 6 Plus (4200 mAh) provides up
to 120% extra charge at $109.95

