

Sept. 19--Sitting on a sidewalk in front of the AT&T store all night was no
trick for three local men, though they expect a treat when the doors open.

Pierce Watkins, of Stewartville; Roger Moone, of Zumbrota; and Matt Mewholter,
of Rochester, showed up at the AT&T store at 430 Crossroads Drive W. about 11
hours before the doors opened for the release of Apple's new iPhone 6. There was
no question about why they were there.

To pass the time during the night, they carved and lit a jack-o'-lantern with
Apple's logo.

"This iPhone shows a lot of promise," said Moone, who is ditching his Samsung
Note for the new Apple model.

Watkins said a lot of the new features, such as the bigger 4.7-inch screen and
the improved camera, make this new iPhone attractive.

"I like the idea of Apple Pay. I think that's a big deal," said Mewholter.

Apple Pay will allow people use a wireless chip in the iPhone 6 in place of a
credit card to pay in some stores by holding the phone near the payment
terminal. That feature won't go live on the new phones until October.

It was less about his personal enthusiasm and more about his profession that
spurred Jim Case to arrive at 3 a.m. to be the fourth person in line for the
phone.

Case owns i.mobile.repair. His repair truck with the business name emblazoned
across it is a familiar sight in Rochester.

"I'm a tech person. This is about having the latest thing right away," he said.
"It's really the job."

While Case and about 40 other people stood line for a shot at the iPhone 6, more
than 4 million of the phones were ordered in advance from Apple in the first 24
hours. That has exceeded the number of phones Apple has available.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting today and
throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012 for the iPhone 5, the previous time
Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5cs in the first three days
they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the first 24
hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones also will offer faster performance. The
phones start at $199 with a two-year service contract.

The new phones initially will be available in the U.S., Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.
Availability will expand to more than 20 more countries in a week.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices was available to
existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as
iOS 8.

___ (c)2014 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

