

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever."

Tony Zhan, 32, holds up his new iPhone 6 Plus after it went on sale at the Apple
store in Pasadena, California September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event The stumbles
blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling that was
meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based company
had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up[#xff0d]not decelerate[#xff0d]as the new iPhones
become available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went
on sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event "It will do
nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim Bajarin, an
analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending phones and iOS
problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

