

KOLKATA: Apple's new flagship iPhone 6 is facing a stock-out in India with the
US firm diverting supplies to select markets such as China, where there's an
unprecedented demand, and to build up stocks for Black Friday shopping on
November 28.

As a result, several large retailers and Apple exclusive stores have stopped
booking of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus."With Apple's distributors failing to
commit on supplies after the launch, we have stopped advance booking to avoid
any confrontation with customer," head of a big electronics retail chain said on
condition of anonymity.

Three senior executives of Apple's trade partners in India said iPhone 6
supplies have become erratic in last two weeks with only an estimated 15,000
units coming in phases. During the midnight launch on October 17, Apple had
shipped around 55,000 units of the new iPhones to India. Supplies of 64 GB
variant of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which is the most in demand - is the least, the
executives said.

According to industry sources, Apple India management has reportedly warned the
Cupertino, California headquarters that if supplies do not regularise, it may
become an uphill task to beat last year's record sales of two lakh units of the
then new iPhone 5s and 5c during the October-December quarter.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Thursday press time.

Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at market research firm Counterpoint Research, said
supply issues, exorbitant pricing and lack of EMI offers on iPhone 6 series will
cap the demand for the new Apple flagship at least next two or three
months."Till that time we expect a steady growth in iPhone 5s due to recent
price cuts," he said.

Apple cut prices of older iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now
sold at Rs 42,999 while 5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is
available for Rs 29,000 and iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

iPhone models two weeks ago. The iPhone 5s 16GB is now sold at Rs 42,999 while
5c 16GB model is priced Rs 34,000. The 5c 8GB is available for Rs 29,000 and
iPhone 4s 8GB for Rs 21,500.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

