

Apple's new and bigger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are more durable than last
year's model and a leading Android phone, a study says.

Apple's iPhone 6, whose screen measures 4.7 inches (11.9 centimeters), did the
best across a variety of tests that measures how prone smartphones are to break
due to every day accidents, SquareTrade, a company that provides extended
protection plans, says.

The iPhone Plus 6, whose screen measures 5.5 inches (14 centimeters), wasn't far
behind but lost points because it could slip out of a person's hand since some
users may have a hard time gripping its large but slim form, SquareTrade says.

The iPhone 5s, which measures 4 inches (10 centimeters) and came out last year,
fared better than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches (12.95
centimeters). The Samsung phone got poor marks on several tests including the
slide test. The more a phone slides, the greater its chance of falling off the
edge of a table.

Still, all four of the smartphones tested had a medium risk of breakage and had
no drastic differences among them.

"The phones are getting more and more durable," says Ty Shay, chief marketing
officer at SquareTrade. "Manufacturers are paying more attention."

SquareTrade examines the phones based on eight factors, including size, weight,
grip and the quality of the front and back panels. The company measured how far
the phones slide when pushed across a table on their backs and how well they
withstand drops from 4 feet (1.2 meters) and being dunked in water for 10
seconds.

SquareTrade says it uses robots to do the testing to ensure consistency, and
rates the phones on a 10-point durability scale, with 10 signifying the highest
risk. Apple's iPhone 6 scored the best at 4; the iPhone 6 Plus scored a 5; the
iPhone 5s a 6; and Samsung Galaxy S5 a 6.5.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed the slide test, but the iPhone 5s and
Samsung Galaxy's S5 got poor marks in that area. The iPhone 6 Plus was the only
one that didn't fare as well when dropped 4 feet (1.2 meters) by the robot. The
glass screen survived, but the case separated from the glass. All four phones
fared well in the water resistance test.

SquareTrade provided The Associated Press with the results ahead of Monday's
announcement.

Aside from larger screens, the new Apple iPhones 6 and 6 Plus announced this
month promises faster performance and offers a wireless chip for making credit
card payments at stores by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The
phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact. The phones went on sale
this past week in the U.S. and nine other countries.

