

NEW DELHI: The 4-inch. Targeted to consumers who prefer to use a smaller
smartphone, the new iPhone is bit of the older 6 and 6S models in the body of
the 5S. It will come in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver and Gray colour options. Running
iOS 9.3, the iPhone SE has Touch ID but doesn't feature 3D Touch.

The iPhone SE is expected to be available in India for a starting price of Rs
30,000 for the 16GB version. So, here is a quick comparison among the base
version of the new SE, 6, 6S and 5S. SizeiPhone SE: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches,
113 gramsiPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches, 112 gramsiPhone 6: 5.44 x 2.64 x
0.27 inches, 129 gramsiPhone 6S: 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches, 143 grams The new
iPhone SE looks very similar to the older iPhone 5S and measures exactly the
same. Display iPhone SE: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326
ppiiPhone 5S: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6:
4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6S: 4.7-inch
LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiApple seems to have retained the
display of the iPhone 5S. There is no difference at all. CameraiPhone SE: 12MP,
f/2.2, 4K video, dual LED Flash | Front: 1.2MP, f2.2iPhone 5S: Rear- 8MP, f2.2,
1080p video | Front- 1.2MP, f2.4, 720p videoiPhone 6: Rear- 8MP, f2.2, focus
pixels, True Tone Flash, DIS | Front- 1.2MP, f2.2, 720p video iPhone 6S: Rear-
12MP, f2.0, focus pixels, dual LED Flash, 4K video | Front- 5MP, f2.0 aperture,
1080p video recording Compared to the iPhone 5S, the new SE version offers
better camera features. Processor iPhone SE: Apple A9 chip 64bit with M9 motion
co-processor, 2GB RAMiPhone 5S - Apple A7 - 64bit, 1GB RAMiPhone 6 - Apple A8,
64bit, 1GB RAM iPhone 6S - Apple A9, 64bit, 2GB RAMGoing by this, it seems the
iPhone SE packs the prowess of the flagship 6S version Battery4-inch iPhone SE-
1715 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6 - 1810 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6S - 1715 mAhThe iPhone
packs a bigger battery and claims to offer 13 hours of video playback on a
single charge.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

