

The iOSphere was feasting this week on Notes to Investors, those alchemical
documents that transmute the lead of iPhone6 rumors into the gold of
authoritative fact.

How else could we know the many details of iPhone cheapo that emerged in such
plenitude, including multiple release dates, and sizes, not to mention the
suffering of "billions" who yearn for it and yet must wait.

Also this week, fingering the home button, how iPhone 6 stacks up against
another nonexistent smartphone, the specter of 2014, consumer longings, and whoa
of un-wow.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ Not one but two Next iPhones will be announced around June
or July 2013, according to an ever-more-widely cited "note to investors" from
KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

CATCH UP: Week of Jan.11 iPhone 6 rumor roundup Among Kuo's "expectations" is
that one of the iPhones, dubbed iPhone 5S, will "very similar to the current
iPhone 5" but it will have a new processor (the A7), a fingerprint sensor, and
an improved camera with a f2.0 aperture and smart LED flash.

Somewhat disappointingly, Kuo "believes that the lower-cost iPhone will in many
ways simply be an iPhone 5 repackaged into a slightly thicker (8.2 mm vs. the
current 7.6 mm) plastic enclosure available in six colors," according to
MacRumors' Eric Slivka, one of many who repeated the Kuo expectations.

According to a handy "breakdown of specs" chart helpfully included by Slivka,
Kuo's "iPhone 5S" will have a bill of materials estimate of $230-$250 (making it
more expensive to build than the estimated $210-$230 for iPhone 5); but the
retail price for an unlocked model would be in the same range as iPhone 5:
$600-$700.

Kuo "expects" the unlocked iPhone cheapo to retail for $350-$450, and to be free
-- as in "FREE!" -- with a two-year contract.

That Apple would offer a brand new product for a price of $0 seems a stretch; it
currently offers an 8GB iPhone 4 for $0 and two-year contract with AT&T, Sprint
or Verizon, or $450 if unlocked.

Slivka assures readers (who otherwise might be inclined, cynically, to consider
notes to investors, or NTIs for short, as the copy/paste results of analysts
reading Apple rumor sites), that Kuo "has a very good track record in predicting
Apple's product plans."

This would be the same Ming-Chi Kuo who last August released an NTI that
predicted the soon-to-be-announced iPad mini had suffered delays because it
would use a "thinner and lighter 'GF Ditto' touch structure," according to the
same Eric Slivka who faithfully summarized Kuo's expectations. Instantly known
as "GFD," this new "touch structure" was (and as far as The Rollup can tell
remains) a completely unexplained and possibly nonexistent innovation. But that
didn't inhibit Slivka from claiming that "Apple is said to be the first company
in the world to commercialize and mass produce the technology."

AppleInsider leveraged Kuo's NTI to the max. Slivka's colleague, Neil Hughes,
provided new details of Kuo's expectations regarding the fingerprint sensor for
the Next iPhone.

"Apple is expected to launch a new iPhone this year with a fingerprint sensor
hidden beneath the home button -- an intuitive design that could be difficult
for competing Android and Windows Phone devices to copy," Hughes enthused.

Kuo and Hughes expect that the fingerprint sensor will be based on technology
acquired last year when Apple bought AuthenTec, which makes a variety of
silicon-based "smart sensors" with functions like fingerprint recognition but
also highly accurate touch and gesture processing. According to Hughes, Kuo
"believes Apple will find a way to integrate the fingerprint sensor into the
home button, allowing Apple to keep its 'minimalist design.'" Hughes continued:
"In contrast, many Android and Windows Phone devices have more than one button
below the display, and those buttons frequently lack the mechanical push of
Apple's home button. As a result, attempts to integrate fingerprint scanning on
competing devices would be less intuitive, and could frustrate users, Kuo said."

Combining the iPhone home button with a fingerprint sensor lets Apple "replace
the use of usernames and passwords, allowing users to authenticate in a more
efficient manner. [Kuo] also expects that the fingerprint scanner will integrate
with applications such as Passbook to enhance their functionality."

For background, Hughes links to an August 2012 analysis by AppleInsider's Daniel
Eran Dilger on the AuthenTec acquisition.

Much of the industry coverage focused on the fingerprint sensing technology and
the prospect of adding a fingerprint sensor to the iPhone, and other Apple
products, to lock/unlock the devices.

But Dilger examines how the home button could use AuthenTec's technology to be
transformed into a complement to the iPhone's touchscreen: using swipes of
different fingers not only to unlock and activate specific apps and to trigger
customized tasks, but also to launch faster screen scrolling or more precise
screen touch for specific apps.

In addition, he notes that AuthenTec "also develops IP cores for accelerating
cryptography and encryption/decryption, features Apple could add to its System
on a Chip designs to simplify and enhance the performance of iOS devices in
handling HDCP (HDMI content protection) or integrating hardware acceleration of
disk encryption, VPN services, app and iOS platform authentication (thwarting
jailbreaks)."

So even if Kuo is right, there may be more to the fingerprint sensor than meets
the i.

It's part of the iOSphere's surreal charm that it can compare two unreleased and
unannounced products, complete with assertions that simultaneously sound fully
authoritative and utterly baffling.

"iPhone 6 vs. HTC M7: Will HTC Follow Samsung's Footsteps in Beating Apple's
Smartphone?" wonders Kristin Dian Mariano, posting at International Business
Times.

This is the iOSphere convention of rhetorical question, where the answer is
implicit in the question. "It seems that HTC aims to follow the path paved by
Samsung overtaking Apple," she announces.

She begins by citing another recent Note To Investors, this one by Jefferies
stock analyst Peter Misek, who predicts that "the iPhone 5S/6 has a new 'super
HD camera/screen, a better battery, and NFC,' and 'possible updates include an
IGZO screen for Retina+, 128GB storage.'" Authoritative. Yet it becomes baffling
because in IBT's comparison of the two nonexistent smartphones, nearly all of
the specs and features show the non-existent iPhone 6 matching if not besting
the nonexistent M7.

For example, "Screen Display - Upcoming iPhone 6 is speculated to boast 5-inch
Full HD display. HTC M7 will have 4.7 inches 1080p display." So, the iPhone will
have a larger screen than the M7. The term "1080p," according to Wikipedia,
"usually assumes a widescreen aspect ratio of 16:9, implying a resolution of
1920 × 1080 (2.1 megapixel) often marketed as Full HD."

Or take "Internal Storage - Apple's smartphone will have 128GB storage. HTC's
upcoming smartphone is speculated to come with 32GB of internal storage."

And OMG both devices will have LTE and NFC, LOL. ARGH.

That's the bad news. The good news is it will be preceded in June or July 2013
by the iPhone 5S.

GottaBeMobile's Josh Smith seems sold by the latest Note To Investors by
Jefferies stock analyst Misek.

This year, Apple will release only a "minor iPhone 5 upgrade," Smith posts,
based on Misek's NTI. But. Next year. Who Knows.

Misek "believes Apple is planning a 4.8-inch iPhone 6," Smith reveals. And it
won't have a home button. That would be bad news for KGI Securities analyst Kuo,
of course, who is predicting the Next iPhone, one of them anyway, will have an
improved phone button.

This prediction is "based on a prototype." To keep this in perspective, it's
probably best to think of an "iPhone prototype" as sort of like "iPhone fan art
turned into a 3D model."

Misek also has exspectulations (a combination of "expectations" and
"speculations") that the iPhone cheapo will, in Smith's phrasing, "focus on
low-cost instead of being 'cheap'" and have a "polycarbonate case with 4"
non-Retina display and no LTE."

And speaking of cheaper, GottaBeMobile's Chuong Nguyen says that "a Cheaper
iPhone 6 Doesn't Matter to You, But it Does to Billions."

Billions. Pining, longing, yearning for iPhone, if only it was cheaper or less
expensive or lower-priced. Apple, are you listening?

"It's still unclear what the cost savings and profit margin would be for a
cheaper iPhone, but with emerging markets like China, India, and Africa, the
tradeoff would be greater and more lucrative market share for Apple," Nguyen
assures us.

Of course, Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller
recently assured us that Apple will "never blindly pursue market share." [Also
see: "Will Apple introduce a lower-priced iPhone?"]  Part of the issue in
overseas markets, according to Nguyen, is that carrier subsidies may not be as
generous, or even available, as in the U.S. "In China, after high national
taxes, the true cost of a base model iPhone 5 may be as high as $800 or $900,"
Nguyen says.

But last December, when the iPhone 5 went on sale in mainland China, there were
two tiers of pricing. Fortune's Philip Elmer-DeWitt, based on a report by
China's Shanghai Daily, reported that "Traffic may have been light at the Apple
retail outlets that were selling only unsubsidized iPhones (i.e. starting at US
$846), but Apple's partners were having a field day selling the iPhone 5 under
contract for as little as US $96." That's affordable by almost anyone's
definition.

Part of that affordability was driven by unprecedented big trade-in discounts
for older iPhone models, according to a ZDNet account.

Elmer-DeWitt continued: "In addition to the 300,000 pre-orders racked up last
week by China Unicom -- up 50% from the 200,000 it took for the [iPhone] 4S last
January -- the carrier sold 5,000 more before Friday noon in Shanghai alone.
China Telecom, for its part, expected to sell 10,00 units in Shanghai by the end
of the day Friday."

Game over, man.

"Writer and radio producer" Eric Mack, writing in CNET's Crave gadget blog,
declares "The iPhone 6 won't wow: 6 reasons why."

"Back in September [2012], after the much-awaited and meh-filled unveiling of
the iPhone 5, I made a declaration that's being borne out further in this week's
headlines -- the iPhone jumped the shark some time ago," Mack reminds us.
"Jumping the shark" was a phrase originally coined for the point where a
television series runs out of real ideas and resorts to gimmicks.

The iPhone 5 demonstrated, Mack reiterates, the "lack of any groundbreaking
innovation."

He thinks there will be an "iPhone 5s" with some dinky "iterative updates" and
possibly a lower-cost iPhone cheapo. "But the real question is: then what?" he
asks.

Not much, apparently.

"My gut tells me the iPhone as we know it will be done at that point," Mack
says. "I have a hunch there will never be an iPhone 6, because Apple will be
forced to move into a significantly different form factor to keep people
interested and compete with the movement toward bigger phablet-like thingies and
emerging wearable electronics."

When you put it that way, it's all so obvious: the Big Ones and the Unmistakable
Irreversible Trend to "wearable electronics."

We can quickly summarize Mack's six reasons why the iPhone 6, which hunchwise
will never appear anyway but if it does, will fail to wow, because the same six
reasons have been pretty widely cited since the iPhone 4S, at least.

Here they are:

* "iOS is stale" * "Samsung and Android are rocking lately" * "Apple is
different under Tim Cook" (here "different" means "worse" because now Apple is a
company "that seems to follow the more traditional model of giving customers
what they want, rather than the Jobs model of dictating to consumers what they
will want.") * "Young people don't think Apple is cool anymore" * "Price does
matter" because "Money talks, and during these economic times it actually
screams" * "To wow, you need a wow factor. ... Right now I'm having a hard time
imagining any iPhone 6 that will elicit that most joyous of palindromes"Almost
needless to say, Mack doesn't bother quantifying any of these "reasons" which
amount to little more than opinions, or even prejudices. An operating system is
not, for example, like a loaf of bread. The fact that Samsung is rocking is
irrelevant to Apple's success, both in sales and more importantly profitability:
all the indications are that Apple next week will announce its most successful
quarter for iPhone sales ever. And "young people" probably means "Eric Mack."

Mack's main mistake is to think that wowing the impressionable iOSphere hive
mind is the same thing as having a successful and profitable product.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



