

Although not formally announced, it is widely expected that Apple will introduce
the new iPhone 6 on September 9. We are most likely to see a 4.7-inch version at
launch followed by a 5.5-inch version down the road. Two new iPhones in a year
shouldn't surprise anyone. Apple already did that last year with the [...]
The post Will Apple introduce three new iPhones this year? appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Although not formally announced, it is widely expected that Apple will introduce
the new iPhone 6 on September 9. We are most likely to see a 4.7-inch version at
launch followed by a 5.5-inch version down the road. Two new iPhones in a year
shouldn't surprise anyone. Apple already did that last year with the iPhone 5S
and iPhone 5C. Question is- will we see a third new iPhone as well? I have a
feeling that we will.

Traditionally, Apple discounts the previous year's iPhone model when a newer one
is released. That changed when the iPhone 5S and 5C were released. The outgoing
iPhone 5 was eliminated from the product line-up and replaced with iPhone 5C.
Apple continued to sell the iPhone 4S. So what happens when iPhone 6 is
introduced? Surely, the iPhone 4S will go away but will Apple continue selling
the iPhone 5S and 5C? Nope.

I think Apple will replace both these models with one that has a 64-bit
processor, a 4-inch screen and dual sim cards. Yes, I think Apple is ready to
release an iPhone with dual SIM cards. I like to call it the iPhone 5d. Why do I
see Apple doing this? A couple of reasons actually.

First, the A7 processor on the iPhone 5C is not 64-bit and I think it would be
foolish of Apple to continue developing 32-bit and 64-bit versions of iOS 9. iOS
8 will make sure that all transitions from 32-bit to 64-bit are completed. With
iPhone 5 out of the product portfolio, it won't make sense for Apple to continue
supporting iPhone 5C as the only 32-bit device.

Second, the latest earnings reports from Apple showed China to be one of the
best growth markets for the iPhone along with India, Brazil and Russia. Guess
what sells even more in countries like India and China. Cheaper, dual SIM
models. I believe Apple would be making a mistake if they don't entertain the
dual SIM market in these highly populated countries with a cheaper iPhone.

Traditionally, dual SIM is associated with a cheaper phone and Apple could very
easily accommodate that with the iPhone 5d that will have the plastic build
similar to the iPhone 5C. It would have a 4-inch display which will make it
smaller than the iPhone 6 at 4.7-inch or a 5.5-inch display, be powered by the
64-bit Apple A7 processor and come in capacities of 8GB and 16GB. The camera
will remain unchanged from the iPhone 5C - so expect an 8MP shooter with a 1.2MP
front facing one. Battery capacity will be around 1500mAh and I do believe that
it will support LTE along with your usual Wi-Fi and Bluetooth radios.

I doubt that Apple will reveal the iPhone 5d at the same time as the iPhone 6.
They realised that revealing two new iPhones at the same time such as the iPhone
5S and 5C doesn't allow them to keep both models in the spotlight- one of them
takes over like the iPhone 5S did. Also considering that a larger 5.5-inch model
is expected, I think the iPhone 5d to take a back seat- probably waiting until
the inventory for the iPhone 5c starts running dry.

The post Will Apple introduce three new iPhones this year? appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

