

%5BSINGAPORE%5D Apple's new iPhone 6 will be available in Singapore from
September 19, the global launch date for the phone. The Apple website for
Singapore says that pre-orders will start from Sept 12.

One of the new features of the iPhone 6 models is that it supports what is known
as voice over LTE (long term evolution) or VoLTE for short. VoLTE allows voice
calls to go through an LTE or 4G network which is exclusively meant for data.
Most phones today connect to the 4G network for data and use the older 3G
network for voice.

Since VoLTE allows phones to use the 4G data network, calls go through as data
packets. As a result, it's possible for a VoLTE-enabled phone to seamlessly
transfer a voice call to a local WiFi network when the mobile signal is weak and
then re-transfer it back to the mobile network when the signal gets stronger.
Internet-based calls similar to the type of service that Skype offers are also
possible. Of course, all these can only happen if the carrier supports the
service.

During the presentation, Apple showed a slide with all its global VoLTE carrier
partners. For Singapore, it listed a sole telco: StarHub. When asked about this,
a StarHub spokeswoman said very guardedly: "StarHub customers using the new
iPhones will be able to enjoy VoLTE calls." She refused to clarify further.

An M1 spokesman was equally cryptic: "We are testing the VoLTE technology and it
is expected to be available by November."

A SingTel spokesman noted that the telco launched its VoLTE service in May this
year. "Our service will be available to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users
soon."

From the statements, it's apparent that only StarHub will be able to provide
VoLTE services from the day the iPhone 6 is sold in Singapore.

The Apple website for Singapore says that without contract, the iPhone 6 will
start from S$988 while the larger iPhone 6 Plus will start from S$1,148. SingTel
and StarHub are already registering expressions of interest.

The other major announcement made by Apple on Tuesday was the long-rumoured
smart watch called Apple Watch. The device will be available in early 2015 and
will start from US$349. Singapore pricing and availability is not known yet.

As smart watches go, the device is very pricey compared to the current models
available from Apple's rivals. However, Apple's chief executive officer Tim Cook
feels that the watch will have sufficient bells and whistles to command the
premium.

Apple Watch will come in two sizes and the company has designed six different
straps for it. There are also three collections - the standard Apple Watch, the
fitness lover's Apple Watch Sport and the premium Apple Watch Edition which will
be 18k gold plated. Straps in different colours will also be available. Mr Cook
said that with three models, two sizes and different coloured straps, there are
plenty of options for personalisation.

The Apple Watch will require the iPhone 6, iPhone 5, or iPhone 5C in order to
function.

Ian Fogg, senior director at IHS Technology, notes that the Apple Watch stands
on the shoulders of the company's iPhones.

"Significantly, the addressable market for Apple Watch will be tied to the
installed base of iPhones. While Apple has shipped 551 million iPhones
cumulatively to the end of June 2014, the iPhone's global installed base will be
slightly under 400 million at the end of this year. But of those, only a little
more than half, or over 200 million, will be an iPhone 5 or newer models."

