

iPhone 6 hands-on

A video claiming to be leaked footage the new iPhone 6 has surfaced online.

The short clip of the apparent prototype, entitled 'iPhone 6 Hands-on', hit
YouTube on Friday after being released by luxury phone designer Feld and Volk,
causing a storm among millions of Apple lovers.

The video shows the stylish silver device charging and even booting up.

However, eagle-eyed critics have branded the phone a fake, correctly arguing the
iTunes logo in the 6's new operating system, iOS 8, is a different colour.

The logo on the new phones has been changed from the standard blue, as shown in
the clip, to a new orange.

Whether this is an oversight or it is simply running on the current iOS 7 format
is unclear, but it appears to have wet the appetite of fans keen to catch of
glimpse of the gadget in action.

The two-minute video has spread across the internet like wildfire, having
attracted almost 1.5 million views in just two days.

The clip is one of hundreds flying around the web in anticipation for the
official iPhone 6 launch in just over a week.

What do you think of the iPhone 6 video?

And Apple is already using the building suspense to its advantage.

A mysterious three-storey structure has been built next to the conference centre
where the device will be unveiled.

The structure, clad in a giant white box and protected by round-the-clock
security, has been built near the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts in
Cupertino, the Californian city that Apple have their headquarters.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held a event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Center
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue in Cupertino.

Blogger Jim Dalrymple, whose site The Loop has reliably broken countless Apple
stories over the years, suggests the structure could be a hands-on area for
journalists to try out the new devices after the launch keynote.

Others have questioned why the tech giant would be keeping the venue so tightly
under wraps, considering the number of leaked photos of the forthcoming iPhone
devices.

It's thought the guarded secrecy could mean there are still some surprises in
store at the event - perhaps involving an iWatch.

Apple sent out cryptic invitations three days ago, believed to be connected with
the launch.

The image carries a date and the cryptic message "Wish we could say more."

There's no mention of iPhone specifically, and the background - a section of
Apple's iconic logo - gives no clues as to what hardware is due to be revealed
at the event.

Everyone's pretty sure we'll see some iPhones unveiled at the keynote speech,
but will there be anything else? Perhaps an iWatch ?

iPhone 'dummy' vid

Meanwhile, excitement is building for devotees as the official launch of the
iPhone edges closer.

In typical Apple fashion, hard facts are scarce, but rumours about exactly what
the new phone will offer continue to spread across the web thick and fast.

Here are a few things expected to be included in the new offering:Bigger screen

It's almost a given that Apple will increase the iPhone's screen size.

Critics were quick to mock the relatively tiny 4-inch screen in the current
model, which is more than an inch smaller than Samsung's flagship Galaxy S5.

Apple has clearly taken complaints to heart and is believed to have expanded the
iPhone 6's screen by 1.5 inches. That's a serious jump in size!

However, it has been reported that a smaller 4.7-inch version could be available
to those who prefer things a little more portable.

iPhone 'leak' vidÂ iOS 8

Not really so much of a rumour, but something that will be music to the ears of
iPhone lovers.

Apple has already announced the new operating system will allow us to share
music, books and apps.

Photos, video and documents will also be able to saved to iCloud and users will
also be able to keep track of their health with the new HealthKit app.

A much-needed improvement will also see a timer added to the camera and group
messaging will get a facelift.Sapphire screen

A main gripe of many iPhone users its fragility.

To combat the growing number of cracked screens, the company is believed to have
developed a synthetic sapphire, which is much more resilient than the current
glass used.

Sapphire was used for the camera lens and home button of the iPhone 5 and 5s
respectively so it would appear to be a logical step go whole hog with the new
screen.

Mobile shopping

iPhone 6 rumour round-up

This might not seem like anything particularly new, but it could actually
revolutionise the way we shop.

The 6's purported near field communication (NFC) capabilities, which allows
devices to connect wirelessly, could replace our wallets by allowing users to
pay goods with a quick phone swipe.

Apple is believed to be in talks with banks and credit card companies to push
the move forward.

What addition would you like to see on the iPhone 6?

iphone 6 rumors

