

One of the first people in Britain to get their hands on the new iPhone said the
three-day queue outside the store was "worth the wait".

Self-employed Andy Walford, who travelled from Powys on Tuesday queued for three
nights in the Bullring, Birmingham to be first in line to get his hands on the
new iPhone 6.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Many fans have been so keen to get their hands in the product they've been
queuing outside Apple stores for days in anticipation - among them Mr Walford.

He said: "I'm going to go home, have a shower, get some sleep and then play with
my iPhone. A friend is coming to give me a lift home.

"The last night was the hardest, I think because of the excitement. I got here
at 11am on Tuesday, My partner turned up on Wednesday which was a nice surprise
as I wasn't expecting her.

"It's the second time in a row I've been first in the queue. People say it's
crazy, but I've got a result and that's the result I came here for, I might see
you again next year."

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone

Dozens also queued outside Apple's shop in St David's Shopping Centre in
Cardiff.

Among them was Ramzan Iqbal, 45, from Pontypridd. He said: "I just want a new
iPhone, that's all. It just a thing I do, I normally try to get the new iPhones
on the launch day.

"It's just going to be a much more powerful device. Apple always makes really
good phones. The user experience is normally really good, so hopefully it's
going to be as good as they say it will."

Mike Nelson, 34, from Cardiff, said there was an element of wanting to be the
first to have the product.

He said: "I'm getting the small one, I don't really like the big one, I'd like
to keep the smaller size, the big one is practically an iPad.

"I don't have any expectations for it really, so I'm probably just spending
money on something that's no better than what I've already got.

"The things I like about the iPhone is it's convenience, it's easy to use,
iMessage, and most of my friends have got an iPhone, so it's easy to stay
connected."

Apple iPhone 6 fans queue through the night in Cardiff to buy the new phone

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

