

Apple is yet to comment on the existence of the device, but that didn't stop
smartphone paparazzi to get a few leaks.

Wednesday, April 02, 2014: Apple's next rumoured smartphone has now been
confirmed with leaked images. Dubbed as the iPhone 6, it is said to bring in a
heavy competition for all the high-end handsets circling retails shops. It is
likely to mark an hierarchy in the large screen segment of smartphones, as Apple
strongly aims to gain back its number one position in most developing countries,
at least.

It is to be noted that many big handset makers like Samsung, HTC and Sony have
already rolled out their best devices this year. We guess now Apple will the
closing game.

According to a TOI report, the new leaked pictures of the Apple iPhone 6 first
surfaced on Weibo.com. The pictures were taken at Foxconn, which manufactures
Apple's iPhones and iPads. The latest in iPhones-series will have a protruding
camera set up on the back like the rear panel of the fifth-generation iPod
touch.

As per the leaked pictures, the new iPhone will have the similar design pattern
that Apple has been using since the iPhone 4. While, it will obviously be bigger
in size but with thinner width. Speculations suggest that iPhone 6 will be 7.1mm
thick, which is 0.5mm thinner than the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5.

There is no dual tone dual-LED setup, and this is second time that we see the
iPhone 6 without dual-LED. According to various reports, the smartphones will
come in two variants of screen sizes, of 11.9-cm (4.7-inch) and 13.9-cm
(5.5-inch).

The iPhone 6 may run on a 64-bit processor, with a 10 MP rear camera,
scratch-resistant sapphire glass display, bezel-less screen, solar charging and
faster Wi-Fi access. It will further be embedded with health-centric features,
suggesting more features for Touch ID fingerprint sensor and M7 co-processor,
said the report.

