

This week,  Apple unveiled its iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus, but at
factories in the mainland hub of Guangdong production of cases and other
accessories for the  phones started three months ago.

Details about the company's new products, supposedly confidential before their
official launch, have been more frequently and accurately disclosed in recent
years.

David Chan, a sales manager  at Guangzhou-based mobile phone case supplier SLT
Communication Equipment, said the company would traditionally start  selling
cases for the latest iPhones several months before their release, and  would
offer free replacements  if the products did not fit  the  phones.

"For the iPhone 4 we suffered quite a loss  because Apple did well in
maintaining secrecy, but  for iPhone 5 and 6 there was no such problem,"  said
Chan.

Accessories for the iPhone 6 have already flooded China's largest online
marketplace, Taobao.com. All sellers the                South China Morning Post
approached promised their products would precisely  fit new iPhones.

"We have tried them out with a real iPhone 6. We specialise in this industry, so
we definitely have a way to get the information," said Qing Xiangying, owner of
a mobile phone accessory shop in Shenzhen.

Chan said a major channel for such information was their clients. "Among our
clients there are telecommunications operators, and they would give us the data
to produce the right accessories," he said.

China Telecom, one of the mainland's three telecom operators and an Apple
partner in China, gave details of the iPhone 6 in an advertisement for
pre-ordering the phone on its  website four days before Apple's official launch.
China Mobile followed suit three days later.

As early as June, Taiwanese actor Jimmy Lin Chih-ying  posted on his Weibo
account a photo of himself holding  what he claimed  was an iPhone 6, which
turned out to be the same as  the final product.

