

Sunday, August 09, 2015: IK Multimedia, the leader in mobile music creation
technology, is pleased to announce the release of iKlip Case for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. iKlip Case is a uniquely designed protective case featuring a
built-in multi-position stand that can be used in 4 different viewing angles in
portrait or landscape mode. Convenient and flexible, its legs can be adjusted to
suit a wide variety of purposes: it's an ideal tool for making music, surfing
the web, reading eBooks, giving lectures, video chatting and a whole lot more.
With iKlip Case, now iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users can take a stand anywhere
they go.

A great angle

At its heart, iKlip Case is all about providing optimum visibility with its
built-in stand system. The stand is comprised of two thermoplastic legs that can
be quickly adjusted to position an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus in 1 of 4 different
viewing angles, with 2 set angles per orientation. In Portrait mode, the iPhone
can be positioned at 60 or 45 - great angles for video chat and FaceTime calls,
plus vertically oriented apps like AmpliTube, VocaLive, iRig Recorder and Mic
Room can be used in this mode with iRig accessories attached to the accessible
open ports. In landscape mode iPhones can be positioned to accommodate 80 and 60
- great angles for watching movies, surfing the web, reading e-books or using
other horizontally oriented apps.

Portrait - 60

Portrait - 45

Landscape - 80

Landscape - 60

When not used as a stand, the legs on iKlip Case securely lock into the back of
the case for an ultra-slim low profile that fits easily into a pocket, an iKlip
Xpand Mini or an iKlip Grip. With iKlip Case, all ports on the iPhone model are
completely unobstructed so it can be used with accessories like IK's iRig line
of audio interfaces, microphones and MIDI controllers.

Flexible protection

iKlip Case is secure. It features a soft-touch rubberized finish and a
shockproof thermoplastic shell that's been designed to provide security in even
the most demanding of circumstances. Like all iKlip products, iKlip Case has
been designed to give musicians and other users the peace of mind that comes
with knowing that their mobile device is protected.

Pricing and availability

iKlip Case will be available in September 2015 in two versions: One for iPhone 6
and one for iPhone 6 Plus. Both will be available from music and electronics
retailers worldwide, and from the IK online store, for only $39.99/29.99
(excluding taxes).

