

Historically, Apple has released a new iPhone roughly every 12 months. But that
could change with the iPhone 6.

A source in the tech supply chain in China and Taiwan told Cantor Fitzgerald
analyst Brian White that the Apple iPhone 6 is expected to launch in Q2 or Q3
2014. That would mean the rumored bigger-screen iPhone would come out between
April and September.

An April release would be just seven months after the Sept. 20 debut of the
iPhone 5 S and 5 C handsets. Since the first iPhone launched in June 2007, the
quickest Apple has come out with a new iPhone has been 11 months.

Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said Wednesday he expects the
iPhone 6 to come out late in Q2 2014, or nine months after the iPhone 5 S and 5
C.

Apple might be feeling pressure to come out with new smartphones faster because
its chief rival, Samsung, is on a rapid release cycle. This year, Samsung has
flooded the market with niche versions of its Galaxy S4 smartphone and Galaxy
Note 3 phablet. They include a ruggedized smartphone (Galaxy S4 Active), a
handset with a high-resolution camera (Galaxy S4 Zoom) and a phablet with a
curved glass display (Galaxy Round).

In a research note Thursday, White said the bigger screen iPhone would have a
display approaching 5 inches, vs. 4 inches for the iPhone 5 series. Jefferies
analyst Peter Misek said in a research note Monday that the iPhone 6 will have a
4.8-inch display and will be launched next September.

White said Apple also will introduce the iWatch smartwatch in 2014.

An Apple supplier told White the iWatch will be more than an extension of the
iPhone, but will act as a "multi-purpose gateway in allowing consumers to
control their home (i.e., heating/cooling, lights, audio, video, etc.)," White
said. "We found this discussion interesting as it opened our eyes to why the
"iWatch' has the potential to appeal to a much broader audience of consumers
than just another mobile device."

Others are more skeptical.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster doesn't see the iWatch as a "needle-mover"
for Apple. But in a research note Monday, Munster did predict that Apple would
sell 5 million to 10 million iWatch smartwatches in the first year.

