

Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw outsized growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
global financial services firm UBS, wrote in a Jan 7 research note.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based
multinational. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late Dec 2013
and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6/6+ in October, so it seems reasonable that
demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD.com.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp (IDC). The company boosted
its global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including domestic Chinese leaders Xiaomi and Lenovo Group
Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray. Xiaomi and Lenovo rank third and
fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

During an October trip to China, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview with
local media that "it's just a matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's
biggest revenue contributor". Cook also noted that Apple has plans to increase
the number of retail stores in China from 15 to 40 during the next few years.

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of Internet Software and Services, said
in a November press release that China is already one of the company's largest
markets.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

