

Updated, 8:59 p.m. |

Social media channels have overflowed this week with commentary on whether
Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus bends under pressure, particularly in a pants pocket.

Turns out actual complaints to the company, at least so far, are much less
prevalent.

''With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus,'' Trudy Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said in a statement. ''IPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed all of our high quality standards to endure
everyday, real life use.''

The statement comes after some early adopters complained that the new iPhone 6
Plus, which is significantly larger than previous generations of the iPhone, was
permanently bending from simply being carried in a pocket for long periods of
time.

After one new iPhone 6 Plus owner on Tuesday complained that his phone warped
after sitting in his front pants pocket during a long drive, the story was
quickly picked up by technology blogs and news outlets.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs Unbox Therapy, a YouTube channel dedicated to
showcasing the latest tech hardware, filmed himself straining to bend an iPhone
6 Plus with his bare hands. The video has been viewed more than 25 million times
in less than two days.

Apple performs ''rigorous tests throughout the entire development cycle
including three-point bending, pressure-point cycling, sit, torsion and user
studies,'' according to Ms. Muller. ''IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meet or exceed
all of our high quality standards to endure everyday, real life use.''

As Apple has grown bigger and more successful, it has also become a bigger
target for criticism. The company says it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus smartphones over the first three days of release, a new record for
the company.

Some of the attention is self-inflicted, however. In 2010, early buyers of the
iPhone 4 reported problems with the device's cellular antenna, which caused
dropped calls due to the design of the phone. An Apple executive responsible for
the project left the company over the incident.

And this week, Apple released a software update to the iPhone that was supposed
to fix some early bugs in an updated version of its mobile operating system, iOS
8. The update made some users' phones unable to make or receive calls, and also
rendered the touch identification technology software useless, according to
reports.

Apple quickly withdrew the software update about an hour after it was released
on Wednesday.

On Thursday evening, Apple issued another update to its operating system, along
with a mea culpa: ''We apologize for inconveniencing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus users who were impacted by the bug,'' the company said in a statement.
Fewer than 40,000 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users were affected by the previous
faulty update, according to Apple.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/apple-responds-to-complaints-of-bent-
iphones/

