

Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones -- the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus -- topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
''low teens'' range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the
nine million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

''Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new
phones (larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?'' he said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/15/online-orders-for-new-iphones
-exceed-4-million/

