

Some number of iPhone and iPad users upgrading to iOS 6 are reporting a range of
Wi-Fi problems, as are some iPhone 5users. The solutions, when there are any,
seems as baffling as the problems.

The LTE iPhone experience: What to expect with iPhone 5 The continuing posts at
Apple's tech support site and at online forums show users with existing iPhone
and iPads frustrated by a flurry of different problems, including a "grayed out"
Wi-Fi option, dropped connections, slow connection speeds, and having to connect
manually to a Wi-Fi access point. Separately, there are posts by some owners of
the new iPhone 5, released last Friday, also about Wi-Fi problems.

Confusedly, these are problems that are unrelated to the Wi-Fi glitch last week
when iOS 6 was first released. In that situation, the iPhone or iPad pings an
Apple Website to determine if the device is on a hotel or airport Wi-Fi network
and needs a network "terms of agreement" page. That webpage was temporarily
offline, but its absence prevented a lot of users from getting Wi-Fi access for
a few hours. But it was quickly fixed.

Because of the nature of online postings, it's difficult to see patterns or to
gain a sense of how widespread these problems are. When queried last Friday, an
Apple PR spokesman replied via email "Thanks for bringing this to my attention."
Two follow-up emails asking for a statement from Apple have not been
acknowledged by either of two PR persons contacted.

A typical post on Apple's own support boards is this one from bigfirefighter, in
Ohio, who posted Tuesday morning Sept.25: "I have been through 2 levels of Apple
Support and they can't help, they said they "kicked it up to the engineers".
IPhone 4 updated at the same time as iPad, which works perfectly. Cannot turn on
wifi on the phone since it is grayed out. Did several hard resets, restored
twice, restored to factory settings once, reset network connections twice,
nothing works..."

That post was part of a thread titled "iOS 6 WiFi Disabled" which by Tuesday
afternoon had received 70,496 views, and 835 comments.

Another poster named VeeDom reported the same problem. "I called Apple Care and
told me that they know about this issue and are working on it for a new release
of IOS6 to fix this...Until now, we are stuck!" He added a new twist: "Also,
just found out that aside from the greyed wifi switch, I can't seem to detect my
[iPhone] 4S on my macbook via wifi (using personal hotspot) even if it is
enabled. I'm not sure if it is related to the wifi issue but you may want to
check if yours is working."

Solutions seems as inexplicable as the problems. Kenishialala posted: "I had the
same problem since yesterday but thank goodness it's back now! I've been
restoring my iphone for I can't remember how many times now. But for the nth
time today, it finally worked! The original plan was to downgrade to iOS 5.1.1.
I failed twice so on the third time, I decided to bring back the iOS6. MIRACLE,
I am now able to use the wifi again. Toggle it on and off and connect it to our
Wifi."

By Tuesday afternoon, MacRumors.com forums had 10 separate threads related to
Wi-Fi issues with iOS 6 or the new iPhone 5: such as "Painfully slow WiFi on new
iPhone 5," "WiFi Sync Terrible on iOS 6?," "No WiFi on certain access points,"
and "Persistent WiFi + iOS6." But keep in mind that many of the earlier posts on
these threads are related to the original Web-based Wi-Fi glitch.

New owners of the iPhone 5 frustrated by similar problems, as posts at the
online forums of MacRumors.com show.Â  Commenter otis123 wrote "My [iPhone] 5 is
having quite a bit of trouble with my AirPort Extreme [access point]. Slow
throughput and its having a hard time staying connected. My other iOS devices
are fine as always, even my 3rd gen iPad on iOS 6."

Another poster, vanc, had a similar experience, with his Apple Airport Express
access point. "Throughput was horrible, and disconnected from my Airport express
constantly. In the same location, my iPhone 4, iPad 1 & 3 all worked perfectly."
His solution: "In order to make iPhone 5 happy, I purchased an Airport Extreme
yesterday and used the existing Airport express as an extender. This solved the
problem perfectly. Now on iPhone 5, I don't have random dropouts and throughput
is inline with my other iDevices."

ZenErik found a wide performance gap between his laptop and the new iPhone: "I'm
getting 10 - 12 Mbps down on my laptop and anywhere between .3 and 10 Mbps on my
iPhone 5. Extremely inconsistent. ping has gone anywhere from 60 - 300 ms. Up
speed has remained between 5 and 6 Mbps for the most part."

One user, urbantekreport, posted a solution -- found at iphone5issues.com -
which restored iPhone 5 performance: "Settings> Wi-Fi > Blue icon next to the
network you're connecting to > Scroll to the bottom > Set your device's HTTP
Proxy to Auto (leave Url blank) After this, try speed test again! Snappy!

It worked for another user, but others said it failed. One of them was danilko1,
who reported that the new iPhone 5 worked "pretty good" out of the box and over
the weekend, but then it failed to connect at work and then at home. "I noticed
GPS was active. I killed all apps. Rebooted. Then not at first, but within 10
minutes, something healed and now it's running good again. This is strange. I
hope it's not a common thing. I hardly ever had to reboot my other iPhones."

WLAN vendors, when they're willing to comment, say they're not seeing any surge
of problems.

"We have upgraded dozens if iOS devcies internally and have not seen any
performance degradation," according to Bruce Miller, vice president of product
marketing, networks, at Xirrus, a WLAN vendor. "We have not received any
communications from our customers with issues related to iOS upgrades either,
either directly into [Tech] Support or via social channels."

Ruckus Wireless and Aerohive also said there have been no problem reports so
far. Cisco declined to comment.

A teacher, identified as bravescoach, started a thread on Apple's site
describing problems at at Indianapolis-area school with 750 students and a mix
of personally-owned mobile devices, though "hundreds" have iPhones and iPads.
The school's Wi-Fi network is based on Cisco Aironet WLAN gear.

"There is definitely an issue where iPhone 4S and iPad 3rd generation devices
are "unable to join network" after updating to iOS 6," he writes. "Needless to
say it is wholly impractical to revert firmware on any of these machines just to
deal with two [types of] devices. Each of these devices were fully capable of
connecting while on iOS 5.1.1."

Other iDevices, including iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod touch 4th gen, and iPad 2
"all work fine." According to this poster "several schools" in the area have run
into problems. His own iPad 3 works, updated to iOS 6, works on his home
network, with a Linksys router, but not on the school's WLAN.

A variety of suggestions have been put forward including resetting or changing
the authentication/encryption being used by the client devices and the network.
But that's not an option for many enterprise WLANs.

Users with working iPhone 5 Wi-Fi are seeing some startling increases in
throughput, as some of the comments above show. This is due almost entirely to
the fact that it now supports Wi-Fi connections over the 5-GHz band instead of
just 2.4 GHz. [see "FAQ: iPhone 5 and 5GHz Wi-Fi"] Xirrus this week has run a
series of tests with the new iPhone 5, connecting to its Wireless Array access
point. One set of tests compared Wi-Fi performance of iPhone 5 on 2.4GHz with 20
MHz-wide channels and on 5GHz with 40 MHz-wide channels. The second set of tests
Wi-Fi performance of the iPhone 4S on 2.4 GHz with 20 MHz-wide channels. Each
test measured the throughput and time to send and receive a 100MB file.

For iPhone 5 on 2.4 GHz: throughput was 42.24Mbps and 19 seconds uploading, and
38.31Mbps and 21 seconds downloading the file.

The iPhone 4S had comparable numbers in 2.4 GHz: 32.18Mbps and 20 seconds
uploading; and 40.23Mbps and 25 seconds downloading.

But on 5GHz, with its uncluttered spectrum and wider channels, the iPhone 5
showed an astounding improvement: throughput was 80.39Mbps and 9 seconds
uploading, and 67.05Mbps and 12 seconds downloading.

At least for non-streaming applications, that kind of speed can prolong battery
life because the radio connection is active for much shorter periods of time for
the same amount of data being transferred.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



