

The anticipation of iPhone 5, iOS 5 or Something Big Anyway is mounting as
Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC),which starts June 6, draws nearer.

This week: There will be no iPhone 5 launch at WWDC because of a fire at one of
Apple's partner assembly plants, triggering panic among bloggers; there will be
an iPhone 5 launch at WWDC because Apple is inviting British journalists and
casting a TV commercial; iPhone 5 is already out there being tested but you
can't tell because it looks just like the existing iPhone 4; and you will be
able to tell because iPhone 5 will have a concave glass screen.

There is no, zero, nada chance of iPhone 5 being released in June, BeatWeek
assures us. Why, you ask? Because of an explosion and fire a week ago at the
Foxconn manufacturing plant where the iPhone, and the iPad, are built. The fire
"should put to bed the pipe dream that saw Apple somehow introducing the iPhone
5 a mere six weeks after first shipping the white iPhone 4," BeatWeek sneeringly
concluded.

But just to cover all the bases, BeatWeek also said, "But even if Apple were
planning to secretly launch the iPhone 5 in June, those plans would certainly
have to be scuttled after the factory damage."

The use of the word "certainly" when it comes to rumors and unfounded
speculation is always good for a laugh.

MORE IPHONE 5 RUMOR ROUNDUPS: May 20, May 13, May 6 Gizmodo had a brief official
statement from Foxconn, which didn't do much to clarify exactly what had blown
up and burned, how bad the damage was, or whether there really would be any
impact on either current iPad 2 shipments or on the iPhone 5 rollout.

The prospect of delay panicked some folks, like Derick Lemay, at The Red 99. The
despair was almost palpable in his post: "All we can hope is that Foxconn can
get their plant up and running as soon as possible. Otherwise we may not be
seeing a new generation iPhone at all in 2011."

2011: The Year of the Lost iPhone.

But by last Sunday, two days after the fire, MacRumors was linking to a
reassuring China Times story (in Chinese) which claimed that "sources" were
saying that "production of iPad 2 would not be delayed and related iPhone
devices [could this be iPhone 5?] and new iPad products would still be in mass
production in the third quarter."

We know this because 1) Apple is inviting British journalists to the WWDC in San
Francisco, and 2) a casting call was posted on Craigslist looking for actors to
appear in an iPhone 5 TV commercial.

U.K. tech site Mobile Pig tackled the issue head-on: "If you believe the rumours
currently fizzing down Britain's broadband pipes, Apple has pretty much put the
kibosh on iPhone 5 -- at least for 2011."

That statement actually qualifies as a separate rumor all on its own.

"But if that's the case," Mobile Pig triumphantly asked, "why is Apple's public
relations department -- specifically the team dedicated to all things iPhone --
reaching out to selected British journalists in an effort to persuade them to
attend Apple's WWDC developer jamboree on 6-10 June?"

That was pretty conclusive for James Isabel, at The Appera. Isabel dismissed the
rumor that WWDC will focus only on the software, iOS 5, but not the iPhone 5
hardware. He wrote, "I doubt this is a simple software reveal judging by the
magnitude of people they're inviting. I'm betting on iPhone 5 [insert excited
emoticon here]. Also, even though Steve Jobs is on leave, I'd expect him to be
at the keynote on June 6."

Plus there's the TV casting post at Craigslist. MacRumors noted that it appeared
Wednesday, May 25, but apparently only for a couple of hours, seeking male and
female actors for a commercial for "iPhone 5" to be filmed in L.A. with payment,
oddly, in British pounds sterling. MacRumors couldn't find any online
information on the contact or production company. The site noted that it was
similar to a casting call in New York in April. Real? A mistake? A hoax? Who
knows? Who cares?

ITPortal admitted that it didn't know if the casting call was genuine, but
couldn't resist adding that if it was genuine, "then the iPhone 5 could indeed
be launched at WWDC 2011."

"On the other hand," according to GizmoCrunch, "it could just be the work of
Apple PR to build up hype for the phone which is not expected to launch this
summer." Creating hype for iPhone 5 must be the world's easiest job, because
thanks to ITPortal, GizmoCrunch and a zillion other websites, Apple PR doesn't
actually have to do anything.

That's what GizmoCrunch concluded after reading TechBuffalo's exclusive account
of how the iPhone 4 was secretly brought to Verizon's network. That would be the
"insider" account based on one, repeat one, source "close to the action." No one
referred to the "iPhone" but the "Acme"; it was being tested six or seven months
before the actual release; employees had to sign a four-page non-disclosure
agreement, and enter a unique PIN every 12 hours to confirm they still had the
phone, and so on.

Even though TechBuffalo's story never mentions "iPhone 5," GizmoCrunch sees a
connection: The Verizon iPhone was being tested at Verizon stores and in the
field, but "due to the fact that [the Verizon iPhone] resembled the AT&T version
it went unnoticed."

(It's not real clear how that would work, between two Verizon employees: "Hey,
watcha got there?" "Oh, it's the Acme." "Really?

Gee it looks just like the AT&T iPhone." "I didn't notice." "Oh, me either.")
Unfazed, GizmoCrunch optimistically asks, "So what does all this mean as the
Verizon iPhone 5 release date nears?" And they have an answer. "For one, it
could mean that the Verizon iPhone 5 is already undergoing field testing and may
be under our very eyes."

Winner of the Most Convoluted Rumor of the Week goes to iFan, which on Monday
published a picture, from a Chinese website, of what purported to be a "white
iPhone 5's backplate with even more evidence of the [previously rumored]
separation of the camera and the flash components."

By early the next morning, iFan had a new post, about how commenters to the
first post had detected a reflection in the picture, revealing another iPhone 5
taking the photography. They say you can make out the Apple logo, and the widely
separated flash and camera components (which are close together in iPhone 4).

Then, iFan asked not one but two Adobe Photoshop wizards to manipulate the
original image, a process that TFTS.com called, without a hint of irony,
"forensic tech voodoo." Their conclusion: It's an iPhone 5!

DigiTimes claims that unnamed sources say that Apple has bought 200-300
expensive glass-cutting machines to fashion curved glass screens for iPhone 5.

"That would seem to fly in the face of recent reports that the iPhone 5 would be
very similar to the iPhone 4 in appearance," observed 9to5 Mac.

No fooling.

PC Magazine notes some phones already have a concave screen, including Samsung
Nexus S. "The concave glass display of the Nexus S is often praised for feeling
more comfortable when holding it up to your face. In fact curved glass displays
are more about aesthetics and "perceived usability" (as Engadget notes in its
review for the Nexus S) than any actual change to display quality," according to
the post.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com Blog RSS feed:
http://www.networkworld.com/community/blog/2989/feed



