

BlackBerry Ltd. appears to be having more difficulty selling its smartphones to
end customers, prompting a reduction in both hardware unit and revenue estimates
for 2016 by Canaccord Genuity.

Canaccord's wireless surveys indicate soft smartphone sales for BlackBerry
globally, despite somewhat steadier results for its Classic device. However,
this positive is being offset by weakening Passport and legacy BB10 smartphone
sales and mixed initial results for the new Leap smartphone.

In addition to trimming his second-quarter estimates, Canaccord analyst T.
Michael Walkley noted that since BlackBerry's next-generation smartphone
portfolio is scheduled for release at the end of calendar 2015, he expects more
of fiscal 2016 hardware sales will be driven by the existing portfolio, "which
faces gradually diminishing consumer interest."

Meanwhile, the survey results from the June quarter point to strong iPhone 6 and
6 Plus sales. Apple Inc.'s smartphone remained the top-selling device at all
four of the biggest U.S. wireless carriers and the iPhone's share of overall
sales is estimated to be near 50 per cent.

Since Walkley estimates only 20 per cent of the iPhone installed base had
upgraded to the iPhone 6 by the end of fiscal Q2, the strong replacement cycle
for existing consumers should continue.

"Further, we anticipate continued high-end smartphone market-share gains for the
larger-screen iPhone 6 devices as our surveys indicate a greater mix of Android
smartphone consumers are switching to the iPhone 6 smartphones than during
iPhone 5 series launches," Walkley told clients.

As a result, he thinks the iPhone installed base should climb above 500 million
by the end of this year, thereby fuelling strong future iPhone replacement
sales, earnings and cash flow generation. !@COPYRIGHT=Â© 2015 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

