

KOLKATA: Smartphone retailers in the country are once again unable to meet the
demand for iPhone 6 as its supplies have fallen by 50% in the last three weeks
with Apple diverting stocks to the US, Europe and China.

The 16GB and 64GB models of iPhone 6, which together currently account for
almost 70% of iPhone sales in the country, are the least in supply, three senior
executives of Apple's trade partners told ET.

The executives, who requested anonymity, said Apple's distributors have informed
the trade that supplies will normalise in about a month once Apple is able to
normalise its channel inventory in its top markets.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Wednesday press time.
Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO at The Mobile Store, confirmed a shortfall in
supplies. "Apple's iPhone 6 continues to rock and sells much more compared to
iPhone 6 Plus in India, but supply side has not been able to match up to the
demand," he said. "We hope supplies will normalise in another 30-45 days," he
said.

A senior executive with a leading electronics chain said the short supply of
iPhone 6 has hit retailers as they operate on thin margins after the company
recently cut margins by 1%. "The only way we can make money on iPhone is by
fulfilling all orders, which now is not happening due to the shortage," the
person said.

Apple CEO Tim Cook in the firm's first quarter earnings call on Tuesday had said
that there has been a decline of two lakh units in iPhone channel inventory
during the December quarter, compared to an increase of about one million
iPhones during the year-ago period. He said Apple has not been able to reach
supply demand balance until this month.

Apple on Tuesday reported $18-billion net profit in the first quarter, the
biggest quarterly profit ever by a public company, led by a 46% year-on-year
increase in sales of iPhones to a record 74.5 million-plus units. The company's
revenue increased a record 30% to $74.6 billion. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in
the earnings call that while iPhone sales grew strongly across markets, unit
sales were up by 44% in the US and 97% in the BRIC countries.

As per estimates by Counterpoint Research, Apple sold half a million iPhones in
India in the quarter to December compared to one million units sold in the full
fiscal to September 2014. While Apple India initially struggled to meet
supplies, it had normalised supplies in December and till early in January.

Apple India has also just appointed Brightstar in India for handling general
trade in the North. Redington and Ingram Micro are the other iPhone distributors
in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

