

When Apple fans get their first up-close looks at the new iPhone 6 smartphones,
a bevy of chipmakers hope that the fans will like what they see.

Just which chipmakers have components inside the new products won't be entirely
known until sales start on Friday and research firms do their first tear-downs.
Apple, as per its custom, declined to identify any suppliers.

But analysts say that likely suppliers include InvenSense, Avago Technologies,
Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors and Synaptics.

The same chipmakers also are seen as supplying parts for the new Apple Watch,
which will start selling next year.

And some are helping enable Apple Pay, the new pay-by-smartphone payment
technology.

Skyworks Solutions and RF Micro Devices, along with Avago, could provide the
latest radio-frequency chips to enable new audio/voice technology and other
iPhone 6 features, John Vinh, an analyst with Pacific Crest Securities, told
IBD.

Chips by Dutch firm NXP almost certainly help provide the near-field
communications, or NFC, technology in the iPhone 6 for the Apple Pay feature,
Doug Freedman, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, told IBD.

Apple Pay lets consumers wave their phones in front of in-store readers to pay
for purchases rather than having to swipe credit cards. Apple has stressed that
Apple Pay will be secure.

"Apple demonstrated how touch ID is required in Apple Pay as a way to
authenticate," Vinh said. "We believe this will drive further adoption of
fingerprint sensors with other (smartphone and mobile device makers)."

Synaptics makes chips that enable users to unlock their mobile devices with a
fingerprint, so Vinh says Pac Crest views the advent of Apple Pay "as a
long-term positive for Synaptics."

RF Micro is expected to have a bigger role in the iPhone 6 than in earlier
models, Brean Capital analyst Mike Burton said in a recent research note.
Reports of this bigger role have lifted RF's stock, he says.

RF Micro stock is up more than 130% in the past year.

On Tuesday, Burton raised earnings estimates for RF Micro, citing the company's
greater contribution in coming quarters from the new iPhone 6 models.

VoLTE Another Opportunity

Apple also is providing voice over LTE (VoLTE) and voice-over-Wi-Fi
capabilities, enabled by wireless chips and designed to improve voice quality
when making phone calls, says Freedman, with Avago, and possibly others,
providing chips to enable it.

Analysts say that InvenSense looks to be the supplier of the new iPhones' motion
sensors. These chips let iPhone users move the phone vertically or horizontally,
and the display stays level.

InvenSense sensors are expected to be in the Apple Watch as well, analysts say.

STMicroelectronics, whose motion sensors were in earlier  iPhones and iPads, was
likely beat out by InvenSense, Credit Suisse analyst Achal Sultania said in a
research note.

Apple Watch also features a heartbeat sensor, which Vinh says is likely provided
by Maxim. If Maxim supplies biometric sensors for Apple Watch, as well as an
audio amplifier in the Apple Watch and both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
Maxim could see more than $100 million in incremental sales, Vinh says.

Apple will continue to use Corning's Gorilla Glass instead of sapphire in cover
plates for its new  iPhone 6 models, analysts say.

Some observers had expected Apple to move to sapphire -- which is more expensive
but stronger and more scratch-resistant -- from GT Advanced Technologies.

Instead, GT will supply a sapphire display only for the Apple Watch, a much
smaller contract than if it also supplied the iPhone 6 models, said Goldman
Sachs analyst Brian Lee in a research report last week.

"In our view, this is disappointing from both a timing and volume perspective
for GT Advanced, and so we significantly cut our estimates and price target,"
Lee wrote. Goldman cut its price target to 14 from 20 and downgraded GT Advanced
stock to neutral.

Corning has introduced three versions of Gorilla Glass since 2007, with
improvements in screen durability, image clarity and touch performance, Corning
executive James Steiner said in a recent company blog post extolling the virtues
of his Gorilla Glass vs. sapphire.

GT Advanced has a multiyear agreement with Apple to help it develop a sapphire
manufacturing facility in Mesa, Ariz.

But analysts are divided as to what the agreement means for GT Advanced as a
supplier in Apple products.

GT Advanced declined to comment on its role in Apple products.

But in a Q2 earnings conference call with analysts, GT Advanced CEO Tom
Gutierrez said that the company "continues to expect more than 80% of the (2014)
year's revenue to come from our sapphire segment."

Gutierrez said that Apple's fourth and final pre-payment for the Mesa effort of
$139 million, due in October, is contingent on achieving "certain operational
targets" that GT Advanced expects to hit.

"We remain very positive about our sapphire business," Gutierrez said.

