

The iPhone 7 is coming, according to reports, and new details are now emerging
ahead of the launch.

Apple will reportedly unveil the new smartphone model - which is eagerly
anticipated by millions across the globe, including Coventry and Warwickshire
residents - at a big event in San Francisco on September 7.

And the new details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 model will include one very useful feature
for photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the
iPhone 6s.

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

Apple and Netflix customers targeted by new scam

These additions should improve image quality, according to experts, but it
remains to be seen whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
or just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

The latter is also expected to feature a dual-lens camera capable of taking
SLR-quality photos.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED by Apple - find out when

The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and light field camera
applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider, also suggests the iPhone 7 will come in
32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options, eliminating both the 16GB and 64GB
tiers, according to Kuo.

It will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano
black".

iPhone hackers can access your device with just ONE click

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

