

Click for image

While the first few iterations of the iPhone were all released during the summer
months, the iPhone 4s completely turned Apple's iPhone release schedule on its
head. Due to various production problems that resulted in delays, the iPhone 4s
was released in October of 2011. Since then, Apple has adjusted its iPhone
release schedule accordingly, with each new iPhone models now debuting during
the fall.

But now we're hearing word that Apple's next-gen iPhone, prematurely dubbed the
iPhone 6s, might be released sometime in August. According to a recent report in
GforGames, which typically has a decent track record with respect to Apple
rumors, rumblings from Apple's supply chain suggests that Apple doesn't
anticipate any yield issues with its next-gen iPhone and may revert back to a
summer launch schedule.

According to a new report originating from Apple's supply chain, yield for
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus components is so good that it would allow Apple to bring
the release date for this year's iPhone lineup forward to August (from
September, like we've gotten used to).

The insiders who have provided this report are also claiming that Apple has
recently begun to massively increase component orders which, if true, is either
an indication that the company is indeed gearing up for an earlier release or
that it expects to set a new sales record.

This is certainly interesting, not to mention plausible given that the iPhone 6s
upgrade is largely expected to consist of under-the-hood type of upgrades. In
contrast, previous iPhone upgrades have centered on hardware changes that are
more susceptible to manufacturing issues. The iPhone 5, for instance, introduced
a bigger screen. With the iPhone 5s, Apple introduced Touch ID. And with the
iPhone 6 models, Apple introduced larger screens yet again.

The only looming issue here is whether or not Apple might rub some users the
wrong way by releasing a completely new device just 10 to 11 months after the
last model. But given the immense and ongoing demand for the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, something tells me that won't be much of an issue. Besides, it is 2015,
after all, and consumers should be more than aware by now that life in the tech
space moves extremely fast.

