
                               1 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Price of Lava Iris X1 dropped by INR 1,000

LENGTH: 492  words


Lava has dropped the price of its recently launched model Iris X1 by INR 1,000.
The handset was launched in the middle of June this year at a price of INR 7,999
and is now made available at INR 6,999.

This handset apes the looks of iPhone 5S in form factor but comes with a very
cheap price tag.

Note that the Google this year partnered with Indian players to launch cheap
Android One in the market with a similar set of hardware and uniform software
platform. These handsets have been launched at INR 6,300 in India, and could
make a better choice.

Lava Mobile's decision seems timely and well thought, since the Iris X1 has a
metallic iPhone like-design (brushed metal looks, but not metal actually) which
gives the phone a different and premium look compared to the Android One that
phones that clearly show off the plastic back panels.

On specs front the Iris X1 have similar specs. Lets us look at the Canvas A1
Android One from Micromax for instance.

This Micromax handset has a 4.5 inch display with a display resolution of 480 x
854 pixel s. This is powered by a 1.3GHz MediaTek MT6582 quad-core processor
which is coupled by Mali 400 MP2 GPU for graphics and 1GB of RAM.

The phone brings a 5-megapixel primary camera on the back side and 2-megapixel
front camera. It has 4GB of internal storage which can be expanded further using
a microSD card.

The Lava Iris X1 is a 4.5 inch display phone with a 854 x 480 pixels IPS display
resolution. This handset comes with full lamination, that should mean it is
resistant against accidental splash of water. The handset also sports an 8
megapixel BSI+ auto-focus camera with 1.4 m pixel size on the back side and 5
megapixel camera on the front side. The phone is powered by the Broadcom
BCM23550 quad-core processor clocked at 1.2 Ghz and carries a RAM of 1 GB.

Another competitor is the Xiaomi RedMi 1S which has been selling like hot cakes
in the Indian market at a price of INR 5,999.

This Chinese phone is a 4.7 inch display phone with HD display, that is 1280 x
720 pixels. The handset is powered by a 1.6 GHz quad-core processor, and had got
1 GB RAM, 64 GB expandable memory. There is, 8 megapixel primary camera with
dual flash and 1.6 megapixel secondary camera in the Phone. The handset is
exclusively available at Flipkart via flash sales that come up in 7-10 days.

The third competitor with be the Apple iPhone 5S and Galaxy Alpha this year.
With Apple now shifting its design with a more rounded corners and edges this
year in the new Iphone 6 (different from the last years' iPhone 5S which had a
premium looks), Lava Iris X1 will be a cheap alternative against the iPhone 5S
this year.

Also the Galaxy Alpha which will launch in India on the 27th which has looks
like the iPhone 5S, Lava's pitching of Iris X1 at lower price seems justified.

Lava yesterday announced that it will cut the price of its Iris X1 for the
Indian market. The handset is today available for purchase in Flipkart and on
eBay.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Huawei MediaPad X1 Out soon, [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 210 words


Huawei MediaPad X1 Out soon, £329 from www.carphonewarehouse.com Love: Slim
styling, lightweight build, powerful camera, price.

Hate: Average Android custom-isation.

GADGET of the WEEK Technical stuff: 7in tablet, 1200 x 1920 pixels (323 pixels
per inch), 239g, 16GB storage, memory card slot, Quad-core processor. HUAWEI,
the Chinese company responsible for last year's super-slim Ascend P6 smartphone,
has delivered another slender treat in the shape of the X1 which is just 7.18mm
from front to back.

It feels great in the hand and is likely to prove strong competition to the
Google Nexus 7 and even the iPad mini (the screen almost matches Apple's Retina
display), though Android still lacks the super-intuitive operating system of
Apple.

Huawei's major innovation in terms of Android customisation is the removal of
the app shortcut tray on the base of the screen.

More interestingly there are mini apps that can launch over others, so you can
look at your calendar while also browsing the web, say.

Battery life is very strong - and you can even connect a smartphone to it to
charge from the tablet, though you will need the right cable.

The cameras are great, 13MP on the back and 5MP on the front for great selfies.

And it comes with a slot for a 4G card, too.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNscot


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Lava announces 'unbelievable' price cut in Iris X1 will it compete with Android
One

LENGTH: 265  words


Lava has announced that it will unvbelievably cut the prices of its beautiful
looking budget phone, Iris X1.

The company posted the information on its Facebook page as it said "Get ready to
be Mesmerized again! Your beloved Lava Iris X1 will come at an unbelievably
attractive price from tomorrow... Any guesses?"

Note that recently the Android One has been launched in India trying to shake
the Indian budget Smartphone market while also bring a uniformity in the handset
and operating systems in the market. These handsets have been launched at INR
6,300 in India. Google is aiming at the Diwali and year end sale season in India
and pushing an aggressive campaign for Android One in India.

Lava is also expected to launch an Android One handset for the market. This
could however either in December or may be pushed to January next year. Till
that time apart from other launches, it could be convenient for Lava to make the
Iris X1 handset cheaper.

Lava launched the Iris X1 handset in middle of June this year at a price of INR
7,999. It won't be surprising if the handset is made available at a compatible
price to compete with the Android One.

This is a 4.5 inch display phone with a 854 x 480 pixels IPS display resolution.
This handset comes with full lamination, that should mean it is resistant
against accidental splash of water. The handset also sports an 8 megapixel BSI+
auto-focus camera with 1.4 m pixel size on the back side and 5 megapixel camera
on the front side. The phone is powered by the Broadcom BCM23550 quad-core
processor clocked at 1.2 Ghz and carries a RAM of 1 GB.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Pixel C is Google's Chromebook-design tablet that runs Android M

BYLINE: Karthekayan Iyer

LENGTH: 233  words


Google also showed a preview of Pixel C tablet that has same design like
Chromebook Pixel but runs Android Marshmallow

At the Nexus event, Google also announced a new kind of offering called Pixel C.
Pixel C is an Android Marshmallow tablet aimed to enhance productivity. While
Google didn't really use the word 'productivity' but it has added a keyboard,
presumably with this in mind to the large-screen tablet.

Google Pixel C features a 10.2-inch display and like Nexus 6P
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/google
-nexus-6p-launched/) and Nexus 5X
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/google
-nexus-5x-launched/) features a USB Type-C connector. Powering the tablet is an
Nvidia Tegra X1 chipset with 3GB RAM. The design eschews the design of
Chromebook Pixel and comes with magnetic keyboard.

Google said the keyboard has an 18.8mm pitch and attaches to the tablet via
magnetic latch and has bluetooth. The keyboard has its own battery and charges
when the tablet is folded with keyboard on top of the display via inductive
charging.

Google Pixel C doesn't come with a kickstand like Microsoft
(http://indianexpress.com/tag/microsoft/) Surface Pro 3 but when connected to
keyboard, the tablet can be adjusted from 100 to 135 degrees. Notable omission
here is the stylus.

Google says the both Pixel C and the keyboard will be available in time for the
holidays.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

GADGET of the WEEK;
No1 FOR PHONE NEWS & ADVICE my mobile

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 206 words


Huawei MediaPad X1 Out soon, £329 from www.carphonewarehouse.com

Love: Slim styling, lightweight build, powerful camera, price. Hate: Average
Android custom-isation.

Technical stuff: 7in tablet, 1200 x 1920 pixels (323 pixels per inch), 239g,
16GB storage, memory card slot, Quad-core processor.

HUAWEI, the Chinese company responsible for last year's super-slim Ascend P6
smartphone, has delivered another slender treat in the shape of the X1 which is
just 7.18mm from front to back.

It feels great in the hand and is likely to prove strong competition to the
Google Nexus 7 and even the iPad mini (the screen almost matches Apple's Retina
display), though Android still lacks the super-intuitive operating system of
Apple.

Huawei's major innovation in terms of Android customisation is the removal of
the app shortcut tray on the base of the screen.

More interestingly there are mini apps that can launch over others, so you can
look at your calendar while also browsing the web, say.

Battery life is very strong - and you can even connect a smartphone to it to
charge from the tablet, though you will need the right cable.

The cameras are great, 13MP on the back and 5MP on the front for great selfies.

And it comes with a slot for a 4G card, too.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

GADGET of the WEEK

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 207 words


Huawei MediaPad X1 Out soon, £329 from www.carphonewarehouse.com Love: Slim
styling, lightweight build, powerful camera, price. Hate: Average Android
custom-isation.

Technical stuff: 7in tablet, 1200 x 1920 pixels (323 pixels per inch), 239g,
16GB storage, memory card slot, Quad-core processor. HUAWEI, the Chinese company
responsible for last year's super-slim Ascend P6 smartphone, has delivered
another slender treat in the shape of the X1 which is just 7.18mm from front to
back.

It feels great in the hand and is likely to prove strong competition to the
Google Nexus 7 and even the iPad mini (the screen almost matches Apple's Retina
display), though Android still lacks the super-intuitive operating system of
Apple.

Huawei's major innovation in terms of Android customisation is the removal of
the app shortcut tray on the base of the screen.

More interestingly there are mini apps that can launch over others, so you can
look at your calendar while also browsing the web, say.

Battery life is very strong - and you can even connect a smartphone to it to
charge from the tablet, though you will need the right cable.

The cameras are great, 13MP on the back and 5MP on the front for great selfies.

And it comes with a slot for a 4G card, too.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Google launches Pixel C tablet to counter new iPad, Surface

LENGTH: 233 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 30 -- Internet search giant Google on Tuesday launched a new
tablet named Pixel C priced at USD 499 to compete with products like the Apple
iPad Pro and the Microsoft Surface.

The 10.2-inch tablet, which comes with a magnetic keyboard, will run on the
latest Android operating system Marshmallow. The new C will have a screen
resolution of 2650 x 1800 pixels and a pixel density of 380 ppi (pixels per
inch). It will support 500 nits of brightness.

In terms of processing power, the C will run a Nvidia X1 quad-core processor
along with a 3 GB RAM unit. "We wanted to design a product that would give a
great experience of touch and type and hence we designed the Pixel C," said a
Google spokesperson.

The magnetic keyboard, which will be available as an accesory for $149, connects
to the tablet via Bluetooth. Google said that the keyboard can go without charge
for two months. Interestingly, the keyboard which works as a front cover for the
tablet charges from its battery.

Earlier, Apple had launched a 13-inch tablet with a keyboard and a stylus to
compete with other existing tablets in the market especially the Microsoft
Surface which claims to give laptop-like productivity on the go.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2015 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 Kerala IT News

                            May 26, 2014 6:30 AM EST

Lava introduces 'X' series with Iris X1powered by KitKat

LENGTH: 370  words


New Delhi: Lava International today unveiled its Iris X series with the launch
of its much awaited Iris X1. In the sub-8,000 price range, Iris X1 will offer a
very strong proposition with the latest Android 4.4.2 KitKat, power-packed
performance and a great design.

Currently, Lava Iris X1 is one of the few devices in India and the first one
from Lava that is built on the KitKat out-of-the-box platform, offering a
premium and smooth user experience. The platform offers faster multi-tasking
through optimized memory and improved touch responsiveness. Its new phone app
automatically prioritizes contacts based on the people a user talks to the most,
and its smart caller ID looks for matches from businesses with local listing on
Google Maps.

Lava Iris X1 takes a leaf out of the Iris Pro series as far as the aesthetics is
concerned. On the performance aspect, the smartphone provides an excellent
experience on the back of a 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Broadcom BCM23550 processor
powered by 1GB RAM. Iris X1 provides an excellent 3D gaming experience and video
performance with help of a specialized graphics engine based on Videocore
multimedia technology. Iris X1 sports a 4.5-inch FWVGA IPS (854 x 480 pixels)
display that offers high-quality colour-reproduction and great viewing angles.

Iris X1 sports an 8 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 1.4 Am pixel BSI+
sensor. The rear Camera supports full HD (1080p) video recording and playback,
comes with Auto focus, touch to focus functionality and HDR mode. It also
includes a 2.0-MP front-facing camera for video calling.

The device comes with 4GB of internal memory that is expandable up to 32GB via
micro-SD card. The dual SIM phone packs a long-lasting 1800 mAh battery
providing ample back up for multimedia payback, talk-time and stand-by.

Hari Om Rai, CMD, Lava International Ltd. said, "Lava Iris X1 is for the
consumers who not only want a high performance device but also a beautiful
design. Iris X1 is designed to mesmerize the consumers and will surely create
ripples in the market at this price point. We are confident that the latest
hardware and software features coupled with its great design will surely deliver
a rich experience to the consumers."

Kerala IT News

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 Sourcing Partners, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     December 18, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Xiaomi RedMi 1S: 7 budget alternatives in India

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 792  words


Xiaomi has announced that its budget friendly RedMi 1S Smartphone will once
again be put on sale on December 23, after the court temporarily lifted the ban
from the company. The Chinese Smartphone player is allowed to sell only
Qualcomm-chipset powered Smartphones in India, that too only till January 8.
Following which, the company is all set to hold the next round of sale of the
RedMi 1S. This time as well the company will be selling the phone through its
standard flash sale model.

However, earlier rounds of flash sale had left many interested customers
disappointed for not being able to get hold of the phone. Just in case you too
are not able to grab a unit of RedMi 1S, you can look for many other
alternatives to the phone. Here we pick 7 such budget alternatives of Xiaomi
RedMi 1S that are pretty pocket friendly as well and come with good
specifications for their price range.

1. Micromax Canvas Express A99

The Canvas Express A99 comes with a special feature called the HotKnot, which
allows sharing of music, movies, images and browser URLs with another phone with
a screen-to-screen tap. Also it has a Smart Wake gesture based feature which
allows accessing apps directly from the locked screen.

This is a 4.5-inch phone with IPS quality display offering 854 x 480 pixels
resolution, runs on MediaTek MTK6582V/X 1.3GHz quad-core processor and has
Android KitKat 4.4.2 operating system. The phone offers 1GB of RAM with 8GB of
internal memory and 32GB of expandable memory. It sports a 5-megapixel rear
camera with auto focus, which is capable of recording videos at HD quality, and
a VGA front-facing camera. The phone is priced at INR 6,999.

2. Micromax Canvas Unite 2

This Micromax Smartphone is another budget Smartphone that comes with a 4.7-inch
WVGA display, and is powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core chipset paired with 1GB of
RAM and 4GB of internal storage. The Android phone also offers a microSD card
slot to expand the memory and sports a 05-megapixel rear camera coupled with a
2-megapixel front-facing camera. The phone costs somewhere close to INR 6,700.

3. Vivo Y15

The Vivo Y15 was launched recently along with the launch of the slimmest ever
smartphone called as the Vivo X5Max. The Vivo Y15 features a 4.5-inch FWVGA
display, has a MediaTek MT6582 quad-core processor paired with 512MB of RAM, 4GB
internal storage, a 5-megapixel rear camera, 2-megapixel selfie camera, and a
1,900mAh battery. However, it runs on a dated Android 4.2 Jelly Bean version and
is slightly overpriced at Rs. 8,000.

4. Android One Smartphones (including Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkle V, and
Spice Uno Dream)

The Google supported Android One Smartphone bring the power of software with
them. As per Google, these budgets phones are entitled for latest Android
software updated from the company, which gives them an advantage over others.
The handsets come with 4.5-inch display with resolution of 480 x 854 pixels,
1.3GHz MediaTek MT6582 quad-core processor with Mali 400 MP2 GPU for graphics,
1GB of RAM, 4Gb of inbuilt storage, 5-megapixel primary camera and 2-megapixel
front-facing snapper. READ - Micromax Canvas A1 Android One Review: When
software brings magic to budget phone

5. Motorola Moto E

The Motorola Moto E is one of the best phones of 2014 and in fact is also
amongst the top ten most searched Smartphones on Google. When compared with the
RedMi 1S, the Moto E does not really come with similar specifications but still
has an edge over the RedMi 1S in the software department. The Moto E is eligible
to run Android's Lollipop update and will be receiving it soon for its Indian
variant.

Other specifications are a 4.3-inch qHD display, a 1.2GHz Snapdragon 200
dual-core chipset, 1GB of RAM, 4GB of internal storage, microSD card, and
5-megapixel rear camera. The phone is priced at INR 6,999.

6. Lava Iris X1

The Lava Iris X1 is good for those who want a higher megapixel camera on their
phone. This phone flaunts an 8-megapixel BSI+ auto-focus rear camera and a
2-megapixel front-facing camera. Other specifications in the phone include of a
4.5-inch FWVGA display, a 1.2GHz quad-core processor with 1GB of RAM and 4GB of
ROM, support for microSD card and runs Android OS. The phone is priced for INR
6,999. READ - Lava's Iris X1 at Rs. 7999 challenges Moto E, Micromax Unite 2 to
offer more

7. Xolo Q610s

One can also consider buying the Q610s as an alternative. It comes with a
4.5-inch FWVGA display with 480854 pixels, runs on a similar 1.3GHz MediaTek
MTK6582M quad-core processor with Mali 400 MP2 GPU, and offers 1GB of RAM paired
with 8GB of internal memory. On the photography front, it has a 5-megapixel
primary camera, which however is fixed-focus, and a VGA front facing camera. The
phone is available for around INR 7,100.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               10 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Win phones on the rise

BYLINE: Stuart Kennedy

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 768 words


MICROSOFT may rule the PC operating system universe, but the software giant does
not prevail in the fast-expanding smartphone sector.

A potpourri of operating systems flourish on smartphones and PDAs, including
RIM's BlackBerry OS, the Symbian OS, Google's new Android OS, PalmOS and the
Apple iPhone OS.

Amid this throng is Microsoft's Windows Mobile 6.1 OS, which is due to morph
this year into WM 6.5 and after that into a new mobile version of the Windows 7
replacement for the lacklustre Vista.

The Windows Mobile user interface is nowhere near as pleasing to use as Apple's
touchy feely iPhone, but it does offer many advantages, especially for business
use.

Email integration with the likes of Microsoft Exchange is mature and solid. The
Office Mobile apps usually included with the package allow viewing and editing
of MS Office formats and, unlike the iPhone, it allows cutting and pasting
between applications.

There are plenty of styles, feature sets and price points to choose from when
shopping for a phone that uses Windows Mobile. We looked at three.

Sony Ericsson Xperia X1

THE Xperia is the narrowest of the trio at 53mm but is also deepest at 17mm and
feels quite porky at 158g.

That said, we liked the solid feel to the brushed metal phone and the neat,
slide-out action that reveals the keyboard.

The QWERTY keyboard has decent spacing between keys for such a compact unit,
although I found the key-press action too firm. A niggle with the case on the
review unit was the battery cover, which kept coming unstuck.

The Xperia X1's big party trick is swapping the look and feel of the home screen
on the fly. A button marked Panel on the front of the case brings up a selection
of home screens.

The quick panel change feature is truly useful, and extra screens, such as a
Skype-centric one, can be downloaded.

The Xperia sports a very crisp 800x480 pixel, 3in display, assisted GPS, FM
radio, WiFi, Bluetooth, 3.5mm headphone jack and communicates at up to 7.2Mbps
HSDPA.

There's a 3.2 megapixel, autofocus camera out back with a light and a video call
camera around the front.

HP IPAQ 912c

HP's IPAQ 912c Business Messenger is all business and very little pleasure.

Done up in black and chrome, the 154g HP has a small, 320x240 pixel, 2.5in
touchscreen with a QWERTY keypad below.

Navigation is either by using the telescoping stylus or a thumbwheel on the
right side, backed up by a central thumbpad. While fingertip operation was iffy,
the keypad was easy to thumb-type on.

There's WiFi, assisted GPS, Bluetooth, a micro SD slot for more memory, but
sadly the entertainment abilities are cramped by not having a universal 3.5mm
headphone jack, although a mini-USB stereo headset is supplied.

At the back is a 3 megapixel, autofocus camera with light, but no front-mounted
camera for video calls.

HTC Touch HD

THIS has the brightest handheld screen I've seen.

Running a white background it made a great impromptu flashlight.

The big 3.8in, 480 by 800 pixel touchscreen uses HTC's Touchflo 3D
gesture-driven interface and is designed for eyeballing video content. Although
not iPhone standard, the screen interface works well under finger control and
there's a stylus for picky work. The touch keyboard is superior to the iPhone's.

The 147g phone has a 5 megapixel, autofocus camera (but no light) and there's
video call camera up front.

There's also FM radio, Bluetooth, GPS, a micro SD slot, a G sensor and 7.1Mbps
HSDPA.

Conclusion

ALL three of these Windows phones have their strengths.

While it won't win you much kudos in the my-phone's-flasher-than-yours wars, the
conservative HP is a handy size, the cheapest here, simple to use and packs
everything you really need for mobile business communications -- if only it had
a 3.5 headphone jack.

The HTC Touch HD has a gorgeous screen that's great for handheld movie viewing,
is fun to drive with its gesture interface and sports the best camera. It should
have a light, but it's great for multimedia.

Of this trio, my pick, narrowly, was the Xperia X1 because of its chameleon-like
ability to quickly swap the home screen to match whatever I wanted to do at a
particular time.

1. SONY ERICCSON XPERIA X1

Features: Slide-out QWERTY keypad, quick-change home screen panels, 800 by 480
pixel , 3in touchscreen, 3.2 megapixel camera

Price: $1499

More at: www.sonyericsson.com

7.5/10

2. HTC TOUCH HD

Features: 3.8in, 800 by 480 pixel touchscreen, 5 megapixel camera,
gesture-driven interface

Price: $1499

More at: www.htc.com

7/10

3. HP IPAQ 912C

Features: QWERTY keypad, 320 by 240 pixel touchscreen, thumbwheel navigation, 3
megapixel camera

Price: $849

More at: www.hp.com.au

6.5/10

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Google launches its first ever tablet

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 151 words


Lots of Android devices may have carried the Nexus brand but the new Pixel C,
unveiled on Tuesday is the first tablet built 'end-to-end' by Google itself.

The last time Google built its own hardware, the resulting device the Chromebook
Pixel was high on quality - it looked like an Apple MacBook Pro - but was
similarly high on price, costing $5000.

The Pixel C takes the Microsoft Surface Pro for inspiration instead and features
a full-sized, hinged yet detachable keyboard that can be used with or instead of
the device's 10.2-inch HD touchscreen display.

Behind the aluminium shell it will be powered by the latest Nvidia Tegra X1
processor and will come with 32GB or 64GB of on board storage.

As for when it will be going on sale, all that Google will say is that it will
be available before the holiday season gets into full swing and that prices will
start at $499 for a 32GB version without the keyboard.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                               12 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 15, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

5 things that are missing from the Android One smartphones

LENGTH: 786  words


A few months after the project was unveiled at the Google I/O, Android One
budget Smartphones finally see the morning sun today. Snapdeal has just launched
the Karbonn Sparkle V Android One Smartphone price for INR 6399 in India.
Earlier Spice too accidentally revealed its first Android One Smartphone 'the
Mi-498 Android One Dream UNI' priced at INR 6999 on Flipkart. On the basis of
the information revealed by these smartphone players as well as information
revealed by Google at its I/O, we lest down five things that are missing from
Android One Smartphones.

Today Google's Android head Sundar Pichai along with Micromax, Karbonn, and
Spice would be announcing the first wave of Android One Smartphones. These
smartphones are meant to cater to the low-range Smartphone segment in the
country, and as per Google would offer a rich-user experience. Though Google had
already revealed information about some of the specs of the Android One hardware
reference phone, there has been some more information leaked online.

These smartphones are priced for INR 6,399 instead of the earlier mentioned
sub-$100 price point, which we feel is slightly more for the phones with such
specifications especially considering that competitors have better options
available in this price point.

It was highlighted by Google that these phones will get an edge over others in
terms of software related updates, but is that enough to attract buyers to
invest in these phones? Here we give you five reasons that we feel would be
missing from these phones.

1. Display resolution:

Google Android One smartphones including Spice Mi-498 Android One Dream UNI, and
Karbonn Sparkle V Android One smartphones come with 4.5-inch display with
480x800 pixels display, which gets a beating from Xiaomi RedMi 1S that flaunts a
4.7-inch HD display accommodating 1280 x 720 pixels resolution with 312 pixel
per inch density. The RedMi 1S' display is not only bigger but also boasts
better resolution in a lower price point of INR 5,999. The Android One
smartphones clearly loose the charm in the display department!

2.Memory:

The Android One smartphones come with 4 GB of internal memory, expandable by up
to 32 GB via microSD card. This sounds good only when you do not look at the
Celkon Millennium Vogue Q455 that has got 16 GB internal memory and 64 GB
expandable memory, or the Lava Iris X1 that has 8 GB internal memory and 32 GB
expandable memory. These two are however, placed slightly above INR 7K, but will
still compete against the Android One smartphones.

Don't we want the Android One smartphones to offer better features than what its
counterparts in this price range!

3. Water and dust proof quality:

When Motorola launched its budget Moto E with the water proof coating at merely
INR 6,999, it surprised us all. Didn't it! Water proof qualities in the
Smartphones in this price range was completely new to us, as we had not really
seen any local vendor offering such feature on their smartphones. Sadly, the
feature is missing even from the Android One smartphones.

4. Camera goodness!

As was revealed by Google's Sundar Pichai, these Android Ones smartphones are
supposed to come with a 5-megapixel rear camera, which is nothing that we have
not seen before. There are smartphones with an 8-megapixel rear camera in this
range, and Xiaomi RedMi 1s is just one of them. We do get an 8 megapixel camera
(with flash) on the Xiaomi RedMi 1S at almost INR 6,000, and on others like the
Lava Iris X1, Karbonn Titanium S5 Plus, XOLO Q700S (Silver) and Celkon
Millennium Vogue Q455, though these are placed at a slightly higher price range
of INR 7K to 8K.

Please note that we do not say that more megapixels would assure you better
performance as it depends on lens type and quality as well as other features,
but the megapixel number does sound good to the consumer who look for this
number on the spec list.

5. Price

INR 6,999 for the Spice Mi-498 Android One Dream UNI - is not that a high price
for such specs? Don't we have Mozilla phones today at less than INR 2,000 and
the Snapdragon 400 chipset powered Xiaomi RedMi 1S at INR 5,999?

In this price segment, we expect Google and partnering smartphones players to
play intelligently with the specs and features to create a space for themselves.
Motorola played it well by launching feature packed-smartphones at a
ridiculously low price point, which changed the Smartphone market dynamics to a
great extend.

It was the launch of the Motorola's Moto G and later Moto E that paved way for
quality-rich smartphones in the budget segment. However, considering the rumored
price and price of the Spice's Android One smartphone, we are somewhat
disappointed with the pricing of the Android One smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Google unveils laptop-cum-tablet, two Chromecasts

SECTION: MORE GADGETS

LENGTH: 287 words


NEW DELHI: While announcing, Google also unveiled the first Android-powered
convertible laptop-cum-tablet, along with the second-generation Chromecast.

Named Pixel C, the new device has a 10.2-inch display with 2560x1800p resolution
and 500 nits brightness. It runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and packs the
quad-core Tegra X1 processor with 3GB RAM under the hood.

The compatible Pixel C keyboard supports inductive charging and will work for up
to two months on a single charge. Google has used a USB Type C port in the new
tablet, same as the new Nexus smartphones.

Google said the 32GB variant of Pixel C will cost $499, whereas the 64GB model
is priced at $599. The keyboard will be sold separately for $149. While there is
no official release date for the devices yet, Google said it will become
available in time for the US holiday season.

Now in its second iteration, Chromecast has shed the old USB-stick design and
now sports a circular body and multiple colours. According to Google, the new
Chromecast streams high-resolution content faster than its predecessor, with
less buffering. Its Fast Play feature allows it to connect faster with the TV,
the company said.

A music-centric device called Chromecast Audio, which lets users stream audio on
their existing speakers via Wi-Fi, was also announced at the event. The device
automatically recognizes devices on the same Wi-Fi network and 'casts' audio
from them to the speakers. It will support multi-room devices like Sonos.

Google says both Chromecast models will cost $35 (same as the first-generation
Chromecast) and will be available in 17 countries (no word on India launch)
starting today in lemonade, coral and black colours.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                Ontario Edition

PRODUCT REVIEW;
Pixel C hybrid not quite a laptop - nor a tablet

BYLINE: SHANE DINGMAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 680 words


Tech . Telecom . Media

Google's contribution to the growing tablet-laptop hybrid product category is
the Pixel C, a 10-inch Android tablet with a detachable keyboard, an offering
that will face some tough competition in winning over holiday shoppers.

First unveiled in September, the Pixel C is the successor to previous Nexus
tablets Google manufactured in partnership with the likes of Samsung and LG. The
Pixel Chromebook was the first Google-designed-and-made device, a hugely
expensive showpiece of little utility. The Pixel C is by the same Google team
but is still expensive compared with the iPad Air 2 (its closest competitor in
specs and audience).

In Canada, the iPad Air 2 64GB is $659. The Pixel C 64GB model is $799, plus an
extra $199 for the keyboard.

When I compared the tabletlaptop crossovers Apple iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface
Book, I complained mightily about the price points on both devices - which are
far higher than the Pixel. But I also said the key distinction was that
Microsoft makes a better laptop because it's running full Windows 10 with all
the enterprise-level software you need, and iPad is the best tablet with the
best array of consumer software. The Pixel sits somewhere in the middle.

On the one hand, Pixel has all the Google Now goodness (cards that update you on
how long your daily commute is going to be are both depressing and really
useful) and the second-best array of tablet software. On the other hand, most
Android software is designed for phones and so doesn't always scale beautifully
to tablet.

The real knock against the Pixel as a device that can compete with a laptop for
serious work is Android's lack of multitasking capability. The latest edition of
iOS allows its tablet users to see two apps at once, while Android keeps the
single-screen app takeover model popularized on mobile phones. You can use
alttab to cycle between open apps, but it's a poor man's version of the Windows
experience.

The CPU is the powerful Nvidia Tegra X1 with a Maxwell GPU, the same system on a
chip Nvidia uses for its Shield gaming tablet.

That said, I did feel the Pixel was a little poky in rendering imageheavy
websites. Otherwise, it beats the iPad Air in pixel density and compares well in
terms of processor, and without the keyboard is comparably thin and light.

This device was designed with the keyboard in mind, but the peripheral has some
flaws. Pixel uses a magnet to connect the keyboard to the screen that, when
closed, makes it looks like a laptop.

The Pixel's 10.2-inch screen is a diagonal measure, so the width of the keyboard
is actually only 9.5 inches. The shift, tab, enter and apostrophe keys have been
brutally chopped down to make space.

It has some similarities with the iPad Pro keyboard: It's not backlit and has no
track pad. The lack of a mouse or integrated track pad - something Microsoft
includes on its Surface Touch keyboard and Surface Book - means you're
constantly poking the screen, and wishing for finer controls almost all the
time. The Pixel does beat Apple in one popular feature: Just like on a PC, when
scrolling down a document page you can use the Pixel space bar to jump a page
down.

The strangest thing about the Pixel is the charging. To keep the keyboard
powered up, you need to close the device for charging.

You can keep the power cord plugged in while working if you're running out of
battery for the screen, but it won't be charging the keyboard.

One of the really unfortunate things about the Pixel C is that I can't really
recommend it yet, in part because the first review unit Google gave me died
mysteriously. After setting it up this past weekend, I let it run out of battery
power as a standby test (it lost its charge overnight). Strangely, when I
charged it back up the next day, I couldn't get the Pixel to turn on.

Despite the impressive engineering effort that went into the Pixel C, it's not
going to replace your work machine. The best user for the Pixel is a Google fan
who wants an Android tablet, and that person is probably not going to bother
plunking down extra for the keyboard.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               15 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        May 26, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Lava Iris X1 Smartphone With Quad Core Processor Launched At Rs 7,999

LENGTH: 616  words


The latest smartphone runs Android KitKat out-of-the-box.

Monday, May 26, 2014: Looks like launching X series smartphones is a fad these
days. After Nokia's much-touted Android based X series smartphones, it is time
for our homegrown Lava International to come up with X series smartphones. Lava
has unveiled Iris X series, with the launch of Iris X1.

Price at Rs 8,999, Lava Iris X1 runs on the the latest Android 4.4.2 KitKat. It
surely is one of the few devices in the country, coming with Android KitKat
out-of-the-box. It allows the users to do multi-tasking through optimised memory
and improved touch responsiveness. It also comes with a bunch of new and useful
features. Its new phone app automatically prioritises contacts based on the
people a user talks to the most, and its smart caller ID looks for matches from
businesses with local listing on Google Maps.

Lava Iris X1 takes a leaf out of the Iris Pro series as far as the aesthetics is
concerned. The handset is powered by a 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Broadcom BCM23550
processor and 1GB RAM. Lava Iris X1 provides 3D gaming experience and video
performance with help of a specialised graphics engine based on Videocore
multimedia technology. The latest Android smartphone sports an 11.43-cm
(4.5-inch) FWVGA IPS (854 x 480 pixels) display. The company has rendered fully
laminated touch screen to the device, that eliminates the air gaps between LCD
and glass, making it look perfectly black in sleep mode. It is 8.9 mm thick and
weighs 138 grams.

The Iris X1 sports an 8 MP rear camera with LED flash and a 1.4 m pixel BSI+
sensor. The sensor increases the amount of light that gets captured and improves
low-light photography. The rear camera supports full HD (1080p) video recording
and playback, comes with auto focus, touch to focus functionality and HDR mode
that automatically snaps a rapid burst of photos to select the best possible
shot. It also includes a 2.0-MP front-facing camera for video calling.

The device comes with 4GB of internal memory that is expandable up to 32GB via
micro-SD card. On connectivity front, the dual SIM Iris X1 comes with 3G
connectivity apart from Wi-Fi, Bluetooth v4.0 BLE (Bluetooth low energy),
micro-USB and EDGE. It offers OTG support to enable file transfer through USB
drive on the move. The company touts that the phone can ofer better calling
experience courtesy the Dual MIC for Active Noise Cancellation. The phone packs
an 1800 mAh battery providing ample back up for multimedia payback, talk-time
and stand-by.

According to a press statement, Hari Om Rai, chairman and managing director,
Lava International Ltd., said "Lava is proud to announce the launch of 'X'
series with the Lava Iris X1, a beautifully crafted smartphone with best in
class hardware & software features. It is for the consumers who not only want a
high performance device but also a beautiful design. Iris X1 is designed to
mesmerise the consumers and will surely create ripples in the market at this
price point. We are confident that the latest hardware and software features
coupled with its great design will surely deliver a rich experience to the
consumers."

Priced at Rs 7999, The Lava Iris X1 will be available in black and white
colours. It comes with an intelligent Flip cover powered by hall sensor that
puts the phone automatically in sleep mode ensuring reduced battery consumption.

The smartphone will be available online exclusively on Amazon.in starting 27
May. Online buyers will also get a free 16GB Ultra Micro SD card with the
device, which will be only applicable for orders placed on Amazon.in on 27 May.
It will also be available across national retail chain stores and multi-brand
outlets pan India.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       August 1, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

LG Chromebase All-In-One PC Running Chrome OS Now Available @Rs 32,000

BYLINE: Saurabh Singh, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 252  words


The LG Chromebase (Model 22CV241) features a 54.61-cm (21.5-inch) full-HD IPS
display with a 1920x1080 pixels resolution and a viewing angle of 178-degrees.

Friday, August 01, 2014: South Korean electronics major LG has launched its
Chromebase all-in-one (AIO) PC (Model 22CV241) in India at a price tag of Rs
32,000. The Chrome OS based AIO PC was first introduced ahead of the CES
tradeshow.

The LG Chromebase (Model 22CV241) features a 54.61-cm (21.5-inch) full-HD IPS
display with a 1920x1080 pixels resolution and a viewing angle of 178-degrees.
It is powered by a fourth-generation Intel Celeron processor coupled with 2GB of
RAM, and a 16GB SSD. It sports a 1.3MP 720p webcam. The AIO PC comes with
built-in 5W speakers. Connectivity options include: HDMI, USB 2.0 (x3), USB 3.0
(x1), and LAN (Ethernet). Just like the Chromebook line, LG's new AIO PC comes
bundled with Google products such as Gmail, Drive, Search, Maps, YouTube, Play,
Google+ and Hangouts. It supports Chrome Web Apps from the Chrome Web Store.

"We are pleased to launch the LG Chromebase computer here in India. The
specialty of this computer is that it represents a successful combination of
simplicity, power and great design, and all types of users can operate it very
easily. LG Chromebase is the wave of the future for desktops and we are
expecting its wide adoption not only at home, but especially in schools, hotels,
call centres other business settings," Soon Kwon, MD, LG Electronics India was
quoted as saying during the launch.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The right touch: picking the best business tablet

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1186 words


YOU have a problem. You're a laptop devotee. But your office is now trying to
push you into using a tablet or a hybrid 'convertible' device to encourage you
to bring it around with you more.

You've been told the model choice is up to you. Do you opt for a Windows device
(as your IT department would probably like)? Or is your activity mostly taken up
with document-writing, communications and web-based work, for which one of the
'pro' iPads or Android devices work just fine? Moreover, can you really use a
tablet as a laptop replacement? Even if it's lighter, more portable and has a
longer battery life, can you work quickly and comfortably on it? And is it worth
getting a 'pen' stylus? The good news is that you have lots of options available
at lots of price points.

Here are five to consider.

Apple iPad Pro 10 Price: from (EURO)699 I'll admit that I've become a huge fan
of Apple's iPad Pro series - the combination of its high end hardware and custom
keyboard makes up for some restrictions that come with iOS instead of a
full-blown Mac or Windows operating system.

The iPad Pro comes in two sizes - a 13-inch model and a newer 10-inch model.
While you could say that Apple's 13-inch iPad Pro was a highend niche product
suited for designers and some mobile workers, the new 10-inch version brings
home Apple's vision of iPads getting closer to being out-and-out laptop
replacements.

In a nutshell, the new iPad Pro looks a lot like a tablet but has more than a
few of the characteristics that a full-blown productivity machine enjoys.

Speed and power are good examples. The 10-inch iPad Pro has Apple's A9x chip
which, for speed, beats about three quarters of the laptops out there today.
Aside from the ability to edit 4K videos, it means that things like
multi-tasking - flicking between different programs and apps - are noticeably
quicker than previous tablet experiences you might have had. This really
matters.

I used Apple's Smart Keyboard with the device. For writing, it flies along. And
as well as having its own mini-stand mechanism, it doubles as an effective
protective cover.

The quality of the 10-inch iPad Pro's screen and speakers are both close to the
top. Like the 13-inch model, the 10-inch iPad Pro has four speakers which
combine to give you proper stereo sound. I really wouldn't underestimate the
value of this when you're watching a video: it's a different class to most
tablets or laptops you'll have used.

The screen, too, is a step up - it's the highest quality display Apple has put
on an iPad, with deeper colours, much better blacks and a 25pc hike in
brightness over the iPad Air 2. Crucially for those using it at work, the screen
is way less reflective than other iPads, making it better for sunny or spotlight
conditions. The screen is also designed to use with Apple's Pencil, which is
about the best physical manual writing and sketching accessory you can get.

Like all modern iPads, the new model has the Touch ID fingerprint reader.

So if you like the idea of a 'pro' iPad, should you get this model or the
13-inch version? If mostly working on a desk, I would default to the 13-inch
model for the extra screen real estate. But the smaller 10-inch version gives
you more space flexibility on flights and in tight spots.

Lenovo ThinkPad X1 tablet Price: (EURO)1,370 This is probably the most focused
pure business hybrid laptop-tablet you can get on the Irish market. Unlike
Microsoft's Surface Pro, a detachable keyboard comes included with the X1.
ThinkPad keyboards are always a draw: easy and quick to use. Lenovo has managed
to recreate the form and aesthetic in a lightweight format (including the
nubbin) that folds over to become a screen protector. The main screen has a
handy kickstand that works at almost any angle. Another accessory that comes
with the X1 is the pen (stylus). It's fairly basic pen but works fine on the
high resolution screen.

There are plenty of connectivity options too, including a docking connector. The
model I used had an Intel Core M chip, the same type used in Apple's
featherweight MacBook. The advantage to this chip is that it extends your
battery life up to 10 hours.

The disadvantage is that if you want to stack your machine up with lots of tasks
simultaneously, it won't get through them with the same aplomb as the beefier
Intel i5 and i7 chips that rivals such as the Surface Pro have (but which also
add to the cost of the machine). However, this is compensated by its 8GB or 16GB
of Ram. You really can use this as a laptop replacement, while it retains many
of the tablet advantages (decent speakers, great screen) that a top iPad has
too.

Huawei Matebook Price: (EURO)799 Styled rather a lot like an iPad Pro, Huawei's
sleek, slim machine clicks on and off to a dedicated keyboard that is not unlike
Microsoft's own. The Matebook doesn't mess around with weak specifications. Its
storage starts at 128GB (up to 512GB) and it comes with either 4GB or 8GB of
Ram. It uses Intel's Core M processors which, though not as powerful as i5 or i7
iterations, are good enough for light laptop activity. (Apple's MacBook uses the
same chip.) The Matebook's 2K screen is excellent and it also has a fingerprint
sensor built in. As you'd expect the Portfolio keyboard is an optional extra. At
(EURO)149, it's not a trivial additional cost, although it's cheaper than both
the keyboards for the Surface Pro 4 or the iPad Pro. It's definitely worth
getting, though: it types well and protects the machine when closed over. The
Matebook has a USB-C port and comes in grey or gold.

Acer Chromebook R11 Price: (EURO)330 from PC World Given the nature of what they
are, it was always a logical move to make a convertible touchscreen Chromebook.
Acer's R11 model does the job nicely. It's cheap, cheerful and very usable. The
laptop's 11.6-inch screen folds over to turn the device into a large tablet,
albeit one running on Google's desktop-like Chrome operating system. As it's a
Chromebook, the vast majority of its functionality is based on 'cloud' apps like
Google Docs - you won't be using this as an anchor device for an iPhone or iPod.

There's also the bare minimum of onboard storage with just 16GB available.
Again, this won't really matter given the laptop's raison d'etre. It has an HDMI
port, a couple of USB ports and an SD memory card slot. It's fairly nicely
styled with a usable keyboard and a reasonably bright touchscreen.

Google Pixel C Price: from (EURO)509 (keyboard extra) Google's latest device,
the Pixel C, tries to get into the 'pro' tablet game with a fairly powerful
processor, nice design lines, a good screen and a slick keyboard (which costs
(EURO)169 extra). The 10-inch machine has stereo speakers, 308 pixels per inch
and comes in either 32GB or 64GB variants. For those whose work or leisure phone
is an Android one, this will be a comfortable and stylish machine for pleasure
and light work. The keyboard, in particular, is impressive. It also uses USB-C
to recharge, which is very fast. This is a lovely bit of hardware at a decent
price. If you're interested, I'd look to pair it with a Logitech wireless
keyboard.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday

Winning form;
Many arguments and heated discussions later, the DL team presents this year's
champions

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Specials; DL Awards 2013

LENGTH: 4136 words


How do you argue with 300,000 votes? As the online votes for the Digital Life
Awards 2013 Readers' Choice rolled in, the team sat down to decide on the
Editor's Choice for all 24categories. But even then, we know that the list is
not absolute.

After all, how do you convince someone with small hands that the Samsung Galaxy
Note II LTE is the best phone of 2012, or convince someone with a collection of
Nikon cameras to buy a Canon camera'

As for the Readers' Choice category, rather than explain why and how DL readers
picked a winner, we thought it would be better to show the portion of votes each
Readers' Choice winner accumulated in each category.

As expected, some products scored multiple accolades from the team and from
consumers, cementing the idea that sometimes, a good product can be easily
identified.

SMARTPHONES

Editor's Choice

Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE

Big is definitely better but size is not the only thing that gave the Samsung
Galaxy Note II LTE a distinct advantage in this year's DLAwards - this
smartphone boasts so many other admirable qualities.

The Android device's massive 5.5-inch display is a sight to behold and its Super
Amoled display is a pleasure to view. Its high screen resolution of 720 x 1,280
pixels presents a sharp and detailed viewing experience.

It has a powerful quad-core processor, working in tandem with the latest Google
Android 4.1 Jelly Bean operating system to present a buttery smooth user
experience.

The Samsung smartphone supports the dual-band LTE networks here, and despite the
constant network switching, it is still a power-saving device.

Its most remarkable feat is the high mileage from its 3,100mAh battery. To date,
no other smartphone is able to match its running time of 514 minutes under
Digital Life's intensive battery test.

Its S Pen stylus is not just a digital pen for note-taking and doodling. With
the aid of Samsung's AirView function, you can hover the S Pen over the screen
and see a preview of your images and e-mail messages.

This intelligent phone also alerts you to missed calls and messages with its
Smart Alert feature, while the Smart Stay function automatically puts the phone
to sleep when its front-facing camera does not detect a face.

All these and many more software features have made it the undisputed winner of
the Editor's Choice in the Best Overall, Best Android and Best LTE Smartphone
categories.

Reader's choice

BEST OVERALL SMARTPHONE

Apple iPhone 5: 45.9% of total votes

Other finalists


o HTC One X
o Nokia Lumia 920
o Samsung Galaxy S III
   BEST ANDROID SMARTPHONE

Samsung Galaxy S III: 48.6% of total votes

Other finalists


o Asus PadFone 2
o HTC One X
o LG Optimus 4X HD
   BEST LTE SMARTPHONE

Samsung Galaxy Note II LTE: 52.7% of total votes

Other finalists


o Samsung Galaxy S III LTE
o HTC One XL
o Nokia Lumia 920
o Windows Phone 8X by HTC

TABLETS

BEST TABLET [ ABOVE NINE INCHES ]

Editor's Choice

Apple iPad (4th generation)

In the tablet segment, Apple has set the bar so high, the competition is nowhere
in sight.

This has allowed it to maintain certain elements and still come out on top. For
example, the new iPad retains the previous iPad's display resolution, of an
insanely fine and detailed 2,048 x 1,536 pixels, dubbed the Retina display.

In the latest iteration, the focus is on the new Apple A6X dual-core processor,
which boasts a quad-core graphics processor.

LTE support was added to the new iPad in the later part of the year, along with
the new reversible Lightning connector port that eliminates the need to plug the
cable in the right orientation.

Plus, its wide collection of apps on the Apple App Store is another advantage
that tipped the scales for the Apple tablet to win the Editor's Choice.

Reader's choice

Apple iPad (4th generation): 56.1% of total votes

Other finalists


o Asus Transformer Pad TF300
o Asus VivoTab RT
o Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1
o Sony Xperia Tablet S

Editor's Choice

Google Nexus 7

Google and Asus hit the right notes with their Nexus 7 tablet. Hardware-wise,
the Asus-made tablet is loaded with Nvidia's Tegra 3 quad-core processor, which
complements Google's latest Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system to deliver a
fluid and smooth user interface.

Multitasking is handled perfectly with its 1GB of RAM, so running apps in the
background is not an issue.

Tablets with a compact form factor are not rare, but finding one that has the
right weight and size is the challenge. This is the beauty of the Nexus 7: its
well-balanced weight of 340g and comfortable 7-inch display make it a perfect
e-book reader.

Its display is complemented by a sharp screen resolution of 1,280 x 800 pixels
that delivers crystal-clear images and videos.

More importantly, this tablet is the first to receive the latest Android updates
from Google.

The prospect of receiving new software features to fiddle with - while fellow
Android tablet users have to wait for a few more months to receive the update -
is the strongest advantage it has over the other Android tablets in the market.

Reader's choice

BEST TABLET [ BELOW NINE INCHES ]

Apple iPad mini: 52.3% of total votes

Other finalists


o Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7
o Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 LTE
o Sony Tablet P

BEST ANDROID TABLET

Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1: 52.7% of total votes

Other finalists


o Asus Transformer Pad TF300
o Motorola Xoom 2
o Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1

LAPTOPS

BEST THIN & LIGHT LAPTOP

Editor's choice

Acer Aspire S7

The Acer Aspire S7 stands out from the crowd with several design innovations.

Its patented dual-torque hinge stiffens automatically when the lid is lifted and
bent backwards around an angle of 100degrees. This means it will not tilt
backwards easily when you tap on the screen - unlike the touchscreen display of
other laptops.

The touchscreen has the next generation of Corning Gorilla Glass to prevent your
fingernails from scratching it. It also has a full high-definition 1,920 x
1,080-pixel display for you to enjoy your movies.

Despite the addition of a touchscreen display, which normally increases the
weight for light laptops to around 1.8kg, Acer has managed to maintain a slim
and light built of only 1.3kg.

All these features packed into a cool and clean chassis make it an easy pick for
the DL team.

Reader's choice

Asus Zenbook Touch UX31A: 33.1% of total votes

Other finalists


o Samsung Series 9 (13.3-inch)
o HP Spectre XT
o Dell XPS 13

BEST GAMING LAPTOP

Editor's choice

Aftershock Titan

While the other gaming laptops may have 3-D displays or sport a svelte stealth
chassis, local brand Aftershock gives gamers the most important thing they crave
when sniping aliens or waging war on monsters: raw power.

With fully customisable parts under the hood in the Titan, users can even opt
for dual Nvidia GTX 680M or dual AMD 7970M graphics cards in the laptop, which
is no mean feat, given that not even the established brands are offering such
options.

In addition, you can customise everything to suit your budget and needs - from
the solid-state drive's brand to the thermal compound paste used for the
processor's heatsink.

This mean machine sets a record score of 24,289 points for the 3DMark06 graphics
benchmark test - the highest ever achieved in a laptop test by DL.

In short, the Aftershock Titan gives you the best value for money and thus wins
our vote.

Reader's choice

Razer Blade (2012): 44.6% of total votes

Other finalists


o Dell Alienware M17X
o Lenovo IdeaPad Y580
o Toshiba Qosmio X870

BEST HYBRID LAPTOP

Editor's choice

Dell XPS 12 Ultrabook

Unlike many hybrid laptops that consist merely of a tablet and a keyboard dock,
the XPS 12 looks like a regular ultrabook but has a touchscreen that can be
swivelled within an aluminium frame to switch between laptop and tablet modes.

So you can just flip the screen 180 degrees and it becomes a great machine for
making presentations or showing off your vacation pictures. Close the lid and it
becomes a tablet. Swivel the lid back to use as a normal laptop.

Instead of the usual brushed aluminium laptop lid, Dell uses the more rugged
carbon fibre to prevent scratches on the lid from the constant screen
swivelling.

In addition, the 12.5-inch screen is at a full high-definition 1,920 x 1,080
pixel resolution, with IPS panel technology for wider viewing angles.

As the most eye-catching hybrid laptop with its impressive features, the Dell
XPS 12 Ultrabook won the hearts of the DL team and users alike.

Reader's choice

Dell XPS 12 Ultrabook: 30.5% of total votes

Other finalists


o Samsung Ativ Smart PC Pro
o HP Envy x2
o Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13
o Sony Vaio Duo 11

BEST BUSINESS LAPTOP

Editor's choice

Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon

While all the finalists are great business laptops, the X1 Carbon shines with
greater brilliance, despite it coming in the usual ThinkPad black.

It represents what an ideal business laptop should be: highly portable with a
gorgeous 14-inch screen and packed with a plethora of IT-friendly features.

Made of carbon fibre, the tough and lightweight material used in Formula 1 cars,
the X1 Carbon weighs a mere 1.36kg. At only 1.89cm at its thickest, the X1
Carbon fits into your bag easily.

Unlike the usual 1,366 x 768 pixel display of many business laptops, X1 Carbon's
1,400x 900 pixel matte screen is anti-reflective and displays sharp images.

Yet, it still has business features, such as a fingerprint sensor. Loaded with
Intel vPro technology, it allows administrators to manage and secure the laptop
remotely.

All these factors combine to make the X1Carbon the unanimous winner in this
category. DL readers agreed with us too.

Reader's choice

Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon: 42.6% of total votes

Other finalists


o HP EliteBook Folio 9470m Ultrabook
o Dell Latitude 6430U
o Fujitsu Lifebook U772
o Toshiba Portege Z930

BEST MAINSTREAM LAPTOP

Editor's choice

Samsung Series 5 14" Ultra

It is a sign that ultrabooks are becoming mainstream when three out of the five
finalists here are Ultrabooks.

The DL team was impressed that Samsung somehow managed to squeeze a 14-inch
screen into a chassis that normally houses a 13.3-inch screen, giving you more
screen real estate without making the laptop body bigger.

Plus, this screen is matte and anti-reflective, which is easy on the eyes of
busy professionals.

Furthermore, though the Series 5 14" Ultra comes equipped with a DVD burner
drive, it weighs in at a modest 1.8kg, even while many other ultrabooks have
shed their optical drives to lose weight.

It may not be the most powerful machine here, but the Series 5 eventually stood
out with its balance of power, weight and innovation.

Reader's choice

HP Pavilion dv6: 37.1% of total votes

Other finalists


o Sony Vaio T
o Dell XPS 14 Ultrabook
o Acer Aspire Timeline Ultra M5

CAMERAS

BEST COMPACT PROSUMER

Editor's choice

Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100

Sony likes to push the envelope in design and excels in making things smaller.
The RX100 is a fine example.

First, a large sensor is used. The 1-inch type sensor is at least 2.5times that
of the average prosumer compact.

Sony has outdone itself - and become the envy of others - by making the RX100
one of the smallest prosumer compacts on the market despite the big sensor.

To boost the already high image quality made possible by its sensor, Sony added
a 3.6xzoom Carl Zeiss T* lens that starts at a fast f1.8.

Then, to top it off, an extremely sharp 3-inch LCD with 1,229,000dots is added
as the display.

This is a solid camera that delivers great performance with superb image
quality, and is an obvious winner in its class.

One last detail that will endear this camera to the consumer is its lens cap.

Most prosumer compacts have a separate lens cap that needs to be manually
removed. No such nuisance with the RX100 - its lens cap is built in.

Reader's choice

Canon PowerShot S110: 39% of total votes

Other finalists


o Olympus Stylus XZ-2
o Samsung Smart Camera EX2F
o Fujifilm XF1

BEST MIRRORLESS

Editor's choice

Fujifilm X-E1

The first thing that will catch your eye is its retro styling. Part of
Fujifilm's premium X series of cameras, the X-E1 looks somewhat like a vintage
rangefinder.

But its charm goes much deeper. Its sensor is an APS-sized one like that used in
most DSLR models. This gives it an immediate advantage in the amount of detail
and colours captured over the many mirrorless models on the market.

The sensor is a Fujifilm's X-Trans one, a new-generation design that outguns
even some DSLR cameras in the degree of detail that can be recorded.

Unlike other mirrorless camera makers which target the mass market of compact
camera upgraders, Fujifilm sets its sights on advanced photographers.

You can tell from the lenses that are rolled out for this series. They are not
the cheap and cheerful zoom variety that offer more convenience than quality.
Most of the lenses in this Fujifilm series have no zoom but deliver higher
picture quality and low-light performance instead.

For its retro charm, suite of quality lenses and high image quality, the X-E1 is
our choice of top mirrorless camera.

Reader's choice

Canon EOS M: 40% of total votes

Other finalists


o Olympus OM-D E-M5
o Sony Alpha Nex-6
o Panasonic Lumix DMC-G5

BEST DSLR [ APS-C ]

Editor's choice

Nikon D3200

Camera makers have a difficult balancing act with budget DSLR models: The price
needs to be attractively low, yet there must be enough features to lure buyers -
but not so many that attention is drawn away from higher-end models.

The D3200 hits all the right notes, starting with its high resolution. This
24.2-megapixel snapper stands as No.3 in pixel count among all Nikon DSLR
cameras. The top two are full-frame models which cost several times more.

Unlike many similar junior DSLR models where the grip is a tad small, the D3200
has a full and comfortable grip.

Beginners have a Guide mode which offers built-in tutorials on shooting
techniques and how to make the best use of the camera.

Seasoned users can dispense with this and use the more conventional modes, such
as aperture or shutter priority.

Videographers will appreciate the dedicated movie button which allows movie
recording to start with just one press of the button.

The clincher is the price. The D3200 is the only one in this present company
that comes in at less than $1,000, complete with a standard kit lens.

Reader's choice

Canon EOS 650D: 51% of total votes

Other finalists


o Sony Alpha SLT-A57
o Pentax K-5 II
o Pentax K-30

BEST DSLR [ FULL-FRAME ]

Editor's choice

Canon EOS 5D Mark III

The only nominee in this year's camera category to grab both Readers' Choice and
Editor's Choice, this Canon's winning formula is a combination of performance
and an ability to withstand rough handling.

This is a responsive camera that is geared for speed - powering up and shutting
down are instantaneous.

Autofocus is also swift with 61focus points to ensure that you can quickly lock
focus on what you see in the bright viewfinder.

Its predecessor, the Mark II, became a darling of videographers because of its
superb image quality. This 22.3-megapixel camera boasts the same prowess and
doubles as a top-notch camcorder with even greater low-light sensitivity.

The weather-resistant Mark III, with its super-strong magnesium alloy chassis,
is built like a tank. It is designed for field work and tough environments. The
full-frame DSLR camera can take all the knocks, rain and dust that is thrown at
it.

Reader's choice

Canon EOS 5D Mark III: 47% of total votes

Other finalists


o Canon EOS-1D X
o Nikon D600
o Nikon D4
o Sony Alpha SLT-A99

BEST COMPACT MAINSTREAM

Editor's choice

Olympus Tough TG-1

In the ability to take rough handling, the TG-1 beats every camera in the
present company of mainstream compacts.

This rugged camera will work up to 12m underwater and even at minus 10 deg C. It
can shrug off a 2m drop and even a crushing 100kg weight on it. It was the top
model in its genre last year.

Yet this Jason Statham - the lead actor in many tough-guy movies - of a compact
camera can still fit easily into your back pocket.

In addition to these impressive attributes, the TG-1 also delivers good quality
photos. Colours are outstanding and it works quite well in low-light situations.

The secret is its fine 4x zoom lens which starts at a very fast f2. Not only
does this lens beat every tough camera in this department, it can take on many
other compact cameras as well.

Tough on the outside and a fine compact camera to boot: that is why the TG-1
wins our vote.

Reader's choice

Canon Digital Ixus 510 HS: 44% of total votes

Other finalists


o Nikon Coolpix S9300
o Sony Cyber-shot DSC-TX66
o Fujifilm FinePix F800EXR

AUDIO

BEST HEADPHONES

Editor's choice

Klipsch Mode M40

This pair of headphones is not as loud in design as many of its peers are.
Instead, it sports a more timeless and classy look.

Meant to last, the headphones come with a leather carry case for protection and
easy portability.

It can be used as a standard pair of headphones, as its low impedance circuitry
makes pleasing sonic performance possible even with a phone as a media player.
There is no need for an amplifier to drive these headphones.

The M40 sounds good especially with most pop tunes and acoustic tracks.

Add a single AAA battery and it becomes an active noise-cancelling pair of cans
that can significantly cut the drone of an aircraft. Perfect for some peace on
long haul flights.

It is stingy in energy use as a single alkaline battery is enough to work the
noise-cancelling smarts for up to 45 hours. It works fine without a battery as
normal headphones.

The fabric-clad cable is detachable. This Klipsh has one more trick that comes
with a second cable that is provided: The cable with a built-in microphone turns
the headphones into an iPhone hands-free kit.

This pair of multi-talented, easy going, sturdy and classy headphones is our
choice.

Reader's choice

Sennheiser HD700: 46% of total votes

Other finalists


o Monster Diesel Vektr
o Parrot Zik
o V-moda Crossfade LP2

BEST EARPHONES

Editor's choice

Logitech UE900

Instead of one driver or speaker in each earphone, the UE900 has four. Two
handle low frequencies such as those from a pipe organ or bass guitar. One is
for the mid-range, which is important for vocals, and the last one takes care of
high frequencies such as violins.

The result is silky-smooth sound from crystal clear vocals to a full-bodied but
refined bass that does not overwhelm.

These Logitechs cut out ambient noise by offering a close fit instead of using
electronics which may subtly alter the sound. Eight pairs of ear cushions are
provided for you to choose from.

Such a perfect fit will allow for the noise isolation these earphones claim to
do.

Two sets of cables are provided. One for the audiophile, who cares for nothing
but the best sound, and the other has a built-in microphone and controls.

Pair these cables with an iPhone or iPod and you can change tracks and adjust
volume with the controls without touching your iOS device. With an iPhone, you
can answer a call with just one touch of the control.

Reader's choice

Klipsh Image S4i (II): 44% of total votes

Other finalists


o Monster iSport
o Shure SE215 Special Edition
o Sol Republic Amps HD

GAMES

BEST OVERALL GAME

Editor's choice

Diablo III

Diablo III changed the rules of video games. Even after a 12-year wait, Blizzard
Entertainment exceeded expectations and gave players more than just another
hack-and-slash title.

The storyline and new classes were embraced by fans, as each took to
experimenting with their character's upgrades and development.

While the need for a persistent Internet connection for the game to function set
a new precedent, the fact that the game drew more than 10 million players in two
months is testament to its popularity.

Even though the overall quest is short, the allure of the game is the replay
factor, which draws players to continue fighting, to gain better and more
powerful weapons and armour.

The introduction of a real auction allows players to trade almost everything
they acquire in the game, turning virtual assets into real ones.

Reader's choice

Halo 4: 36.8% of total votes

Other finalists


o Assassin's Creed III
o Mass Effect 3
o XCom: Enemy Unknown

BEST SHOOTER

Editor's choice

Halo 4

The Halo name has become synonymous with the Xbox console but, more than just
having a name association, the core Halo series has proven itself to be a worthy
shooter time and time again.

Even with new developer 343Industries taking over the reins from Bungie in this
third outing, Halo 4 manages a good mix of new and old. Fans can still find the
iconic Master Chief surrounded by familiar faces and enemies, and explore the
new storyline and gameplay elements which make the franchise seem as fresh as
when it was first launched 12 years ago.

Reader's choice

Halo 4: 39.5% of total votes

Other finalists


o Call Of Duty: Black Ops II
o Borderlands 2
o Far Cry 3
o Natural Selection 2

BEST ACTION ADVENTURE

Editor's choice

Assassin's Creed III

Part time travel, part suspense and part espionage and action, the Assassin's
Creed franchise reached a juncture where fans were seeing more of the same old
material placed in new packaging.

But Assassin's Creed III rewrites the book on lethal killing, with a change in
setting, a bolder storyline and a brand new character for players to root for.

Gone are the buildings and towns of Europe as players are immediately thrust
into the wild, untamed forests of the Civil War era in America.

Instead of being a trained killer, Conner is a rookie - a welcome change for
players clamouring for something different.

With a more complex economy to manage and a new naval battle system, Assassin's
Creed III successfully merges the stylistic action of the old with the massive
environment and gameplay mechanics of the new, and produces a sandbox game that
is right on target.

Reader's choice

Assassin's Creed III: 49.8% of total votes

Other finalists


o Hitman: Absolution
o Sleeping Dogs
o XCom: Enemy Unknown
o Lego Batman 2 DC Super Heroes

BEST ROLE-PLAYING GAME

Editor's choice

Mass Effect 3

To say that Mass Effect 3 provided a satisfying conclusion to the Mass Effect
saga would be slightly incorrect as negative fan reaction to the ending prompted
developer Bioware to tweak the final act.

But the fervent online reaction showed that the conclusion meant a lot to
players and the game baited players with new gameplay elements and multiplayer
features.

In the end, the battle for the Best RPG award was between Diablo III and Mass
Effect 3. Both were influential titles that were long awaited and possessed
great storylines that drew players in.

But when it came down to nailing what constituted role-playing game elements,
Mass Effect 3 won with its complex storyline, highly intricate upgrade path and
a plethora of playing choices.

Reader's choice

Diablo III: 42.8% of total votes

Other finalists


o Final Fantasy XIII-2
o Guild Wars 2
o Torchlight II

BEST RACING/SPORTS

Editor's choice

NBA 2K13

Both Need For Speed: Most Wanted and Forza Horizon are impressive racing games,
but they lacked breakthrough innovation.

Fifa 13 brought players closer to the field, allowing those holding the
controller to better experience team management and manoeuvrability, but NBA
2K13 scored the most goals with the best basketball simulation game ever made.

Whether you are dribbling with the analog stick, picking out each player's
pre-game rituals or signing endorsement deals, NBA 2K13 focuses on every aspect
of the professional sport, short of placing players in the shoes of the
sportsmen.

Reader's choice

Fifa 13: 39.8% of total votes

Other finalists


o Need For Speed: Most Wanted
o Forza Horizon
o F1 2012

SPECIAL AWARD

MOST INNOVATIVE PRODUCT

Editor's choice

TactSlider Tornado

The Xbox Smartglass allows gamers to control elements of their Xbox 360 game
consoles with their phones and tablets, while the Samsung Galaxy Camera features
the Android operating system in a compact camera.

The Lytro camera won folks over by allowing users to take a shot of a scene and
giving them the option of focusing on any part of the scene using software,
eliminating the problem of poor focus controls.

The Wonderbook: Book Of Spells puts augmented reality in a video game to good
use.

But if you have ever tried playing a video game on a smartphone or tablet, then
you know how invaluable the TactSlider Tornado is.

Instead of sliding your fingers across the screen to use the touchscreen D-pad,
the TactSlider is a small, 20 cent coin-sized plastic piece that acts as a D-pad
controller.

Shifting the small knob at the top will trigger the base to control the
touchscreen, giving players more control over the directions in the game.

Many companies have tried to devise something similar, but the TactSlider
Tornado, designed and made in Singapore, is the most elegant version the team
has seen on the market.

Reader's choice

Xbox Smartglass: 31% of total votes

Other finalists


o Samsung Galaxy Camera
o Lytro
o Wonderbook: Book Of Spells

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               19 of 64 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Google's hybrid tablet packs a lot of muscle; Review: Pixel C

BYLINE: April Fong, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 838 words


Google Inc.'s Pixel C is an answer to new hybrid tablets like Microsoft Corp.'s
Surface Pro 4 and Apple Inc.'s iPad Pro. But then again, it's not.

This is no 12-to 13-inch large-screen giant, and it's also not designed with a
stylus pen in mind. This is a device that is comfortably smaller with a
10.2-inch display and its fancy trick lies in the ways Google has put search at
the forefront.

At a time when interest in tablets is waning, the first Android tablet wholly
built by Google is a powerful, compact and elegant device that Android users
will love. But, with a price tag of nearly $850 (if you include the keyboard,
which is sold separately), it's built for the high-end market and may make you
wonder - should I just buy a laptop?

Like its big brother, Google's Chromebook Pixel laptop, the Pixel C (which
stands for "convertible") is crafted from anodized aluminum and sports a USB
Type-C port. The tablet has a smooth, sturdy feel and, by itself, it's
featherlight and just 7mm thin.

Yet, when you add on the keyboard - which weighs 400 grams (0.88 lbs.) on its
own - suddenly the device feels quite hefty at more than two lbs. (900 g). That
may be a drawback for some, but I loved the solid feel of the keyboard. Even
though it's a fraction of the size of a regular sized keyboard, my hands quickly
adapted because the full-sized keys are spaced out, and there's a nice depth
that I felt while typing. Not exactly a wrist pad, there's even a
centimetre-tall padded palm rest at the bottom of the keyboard.

To save on space, there are obviously a number of keys missing, which you can
pull up on the tablet's touchscreen. What's also missing is a capslock key; in
its place is a search button, useful if you want to Google something quickly.

Pairing the keyboard is incredibly easy. You snap the back of the tablet onto
the keyboard's magnet strip, and then fold the tablet up. The Pixel C's software
automatically knows when it's paired, so I didn't need to fiddle around with
settings. It just knew.

Unlike many other hybrid tablets, if there was a glare on the screen, I was able
to adjust it at different angles from 100 to 135 degrees. That magnetic strip is
surprisingly strong, too. Every time I picked up the tablet from its top edge, I
never feared the keyboard would fall off or flop around. It stayed on as snugly
as when it was sitting on a table. I even flung it around a few times, and the
keyboard and tablet remained securely attached - it's as if it's made to be a
laptop.

Another way the Pixel C is more laptop-like than tablet-like is its powerful
specifications. Google opted for NVIDIA's Tegra X1 processor with Maxwell GPU -
the same chip that NVIDIA put inside its SHIELD Android TV units. That means the
Pixel C is not only a powerhouse for everyday needs like checking email,
watching Netflix or working on a document, but also running advanced graphics.
When I played the graphics-rich car racing game Asphalt 8: Airborne on the Pixel
C, for example, the races looked crisp, rich with colour and it ran smoothly.

That's helped by the fact that Google has packed 308 pixels per inch in its
screen (more than the iPad Pro's 264 ppi). Videos and pictures look gorgeous and
bright on this display, but I wonder - will users like this relatively small
10.2-inch screen when it comes to productivity?

That said, Google's big business is search and what helps set Pixel C apart from
other tablets is its emphasis on helping you find information - from the
keyboard's magnifying glass key, to its search functions in the Android 6.0
Marshmallow operating system, as well as its Google Drive suite of productivity
tools.

While writing in Google Docs, for example, I used the "Research in Docs"
function, which created a split-screen where I could still work on my document
on top, while searching for information on the second, bottom window.

When I read a Financial Post article about Husky Energy considering cutting
spending in Alberta, I was able to look up different elements in the story by
activating "Now on Tap" by pressing and holding the home button. That brought up
a number of information cards related to the story, including for Husky Energy,
its CEO Asim Ghosh and OPEC , which I could then select to look through news,
images and Google search results.

For the Pixel C, Google has poured the best-of-the-best into designing and
building its first tablet. That, of course, comes at a price. In Canada, the
32GB tablet costs $649 or you can shell out another $150 for the 64GB version.
Both models are available starting Tuesday in the Google Store.

As with most other hybrid tablets, its star accessory - the keyboard - is sold
separately and will set you back another $199.

The Pixel C is smaller than its rivals and isn't designed with a stylus in mind,
but users will love how that makes it ultra-portable. Those shopping for a
2-in-1 now have a premium Android option with a lot of muscle.

afong@nationalpost.com Twitter.com/aprilfong !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Davi D Paul Morris, Bloomberg News; Google Inc.'s Pixel C tablet puts a
lot of computing power into a small unit, but the device doesn't come cheap. Its
star accessory - the keyboard - is sold separately.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               20 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 30, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

5 Devices Unveiled At Yesterday's Google Event

LENGTH: 336  words


Google has done fine job with the new range of devices announced yesterday.

Wednesday, September 30, 2015: Google unveiled 5 new devices devices at
yesterday's event in San Francisco. Company has put in all efforts in the
development of these 5 flagship devices. Some of these devices were leaked
previously.

1. Nexus 6P

14.47cm (5.7-inch) AMOLED of QHD resolution (1440x2560 px)

Snapdragon 810 processor, 3 GB RAM

12.3 MP primary camera with dual-LED flash, 8 MP front facing camera with
highest resolution for selfies

Android v6.0 (Marshmallow)

7.33 thick metal body with white, aluminum and grey finish. Front facing stereo
speakers.

3450 mAh battery, USB C connector.

3 variants - 32GB ($499), 64GB ($549) and 128GB ($649)

2. Nexus 5X

13.20-cm (5.2-inch) full HD display (1080x1920 px)

64-bit Snapdragon 808 processor, 2 GB RAM

12.3 MP primary camera with laser autofocus, 5 MP front facing camera

Available in black, white and blue colors. Fingerprint sensor.

Android v6.0 (Marshmallow)

2700 mAh battery, USB C connector

2 variants - 16GB ($379) and 32GB ($429)

3. Pixel C

Laptop-cum-tablet convertible

25.90-cm (10.2-inch) display of 2560x1800 px resolution

Quad-core Tegra X1 processor, 3GB RAM

Pixel C hardware keyboard with inductive charging

Android v6.0 (Marshmallow)

2 variants - 32 GB ($499), 64GB ($599). Keyboard ($149)

4. Chromecast 2nd Gen.

The new generation Chromecast sports circular body and multiple colors. Google
claims that this Chromecast streams high resolution content faster than the
predecessor generation. The all new fast play feature lets you connect faster to
the television. You can easily cast 1080p videos with 2nd gen Chromecast. The
device has improved content discovery engine.

5. Chromecast Audio

Chromecast Audio is meant to be for audiophiles. You can stream high quality
music via WiFi. The device automatically recognizes music on the same WiFi
network and casts audio from the network to speakers. The device supports
multi-room devices like Sonos. It is compatible with Spotify, Pandora and Play
Music.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               21 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

What's news

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1027 words


Technology

Huge potential seen for mobile advertising

Immense opportunities exist in China, especially in the mobile advertising
sector, said a study published by multinational professional services firm
PriceWaterhouseCoopers on Feb 24.

The study into the marketing trends in the United States, Britain, Brazil and
China, found that the Chinese are far more open than inhabitants of other
countries in receiving advertisements and publicity on their mobiles.

"China proposes some interesting, unique and robust opportunities for the
advertiser," Deborah Bothum, the PwC's US Advisory Leader for Entertainment,
Media and Communications, said at the Mobile World Congress, which opened on Feb
24 in Barcelona.

She said the Chinese people are "open to receiving offers."

Huawei showcases new products in Barcelona

Technology company Huawei showcased several new products at the Mobile World
Congress in the Spanish city of Barcelona.

In a press conference held in Barcelona on Feb 25, Huawei showcased the new
Huawei Ascent G6, a smartphone with a 4.5-inch qHD screen, a 5 mega-pixel front
camera and an 8 mega-pixel back camera, which allows the spontaneous taking of
self-focused photos at a price of just 249 euros ($341).

Huawei also presented the Huawei MediaPad X1, the thinnest "phablet" (a mixture
of phone and tablet) in the world.

Barcelona also saw the presentation of the M1 tablet, which is a sophisticated
entertainment system with an eight-inch tactile screen developed with SWS Huawei
technology, allowing users to watch films, TV shows etc in High Definition, with
a battery allowing eight hours playing time.

Lenovo expects profits for Motorola

Lenovo Group Ltd, which is buying Motorola Mobility from Google Inc, plans to
make the phone producer profitable within four to six quarters without
eliminating jobs, Chief Executive Officer Yang Yuanqing said.

"Don't be scared by the $1 billion-a-year loss," Yang said. "We will improve
that even from day one. Google is very good at software, ecosystems and
services. But we are stronger in the manufacturing of devices."

Trade

Talks to get trade with France 'back on track'

China and France vowed on Feb 24 to revive growth in bilateral trade, which
contracted last year for the first time since 2009.

Bilateral trade fell 2 percent in 2013 to 55.3 billion euros, according to
France's Ministry of Foreign Trade.

"We need to push for growth in bilateral trade and rebalance our trade
relations," said Nicole Bricq, the French trade minister.

Bricq made the comments at a news briefing in Paris after meeting with her
Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng at the Sino-French Trade and Investment
Commission, an annual high-level trade dialogue.

France is trying to boost exports to reduce its trade deficit. It's also
embarked on a "charm offensive" to attract more foreign investment that will
boost its economy.

Auto

Electric carmaker to expand rental services

Kandi Technologies Group Inc, a Chinese electric carmaker that rents out
vehicles to the public, said the service is profitable and plans to expand it to
cities including Beijing and Shanghai. Kandi, together with joint venture
partner Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd, provides electric vehicles for short-term
hire using automated multilevel garages. Rental rates start from 20 yuan ($3.30;
14.6 euros) an hour and covers the first 25 km.

BMW to double engine production in China

Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is expanding engine production in China to
potentially double capacity as it seeks to close the gap with Audi AG in the
world's largest vehicle market. BMW and its joint-venture partner, Brilliance
China Automotive Holdings Ltd, plan to make as many as 400,000 engines a year at
a new facility in Shenyang, the German carmaker said in a statement to Bloomberg
News.

Aviation

Airbus to increase share in Harbin plant

Airbus SAS and the Aviation Industry Corp of China signed an agreement on Feb 19
to increase Airbus' share in the Harbin Hafei Airbus Composite Manufacturing
Center from 20 to 25 percent. The European airplane manufacturer did not release
further details about the transaction. Airbus and a group of Chinese partners,
including some subsidiaries of AVIC, own the center in Harbin, Heilongjiang
province.

Energy

China promotes pipeline business opening-up

China has issued a plan to open up its largely monopolized oil and gas
pipelines, in a bid to increase the facilities' efficiency, the energy authority
said on Feb 24.

The National Energy Administration (NEA) said the plan encourages pipeline
operators to open their facilities to each other and to users, including fuel
producers, refiners, sellers and other industrial users, when pipelines have
extra capacity.

Pipeline operators are supposed to provide services including transport,
storage, gasification, liquefaction and compression of crude oil, product oil
and natural gas, at a price agreed upon by the two sides.

The plan involves both onshore and offshore pipelines, and will be supervised by
the NEA.

The construction and operation of China's pipelines are largely dominated by
major state-owned enterprises. In recent years, there has been a mounting call
for the business to be opened up.

Finance

Energy investments buoy Citic Pacific profits

Profits of Citic Pacific, the builder of the world's biggest magnetite mine in
Australia, rose by 9 percent last year based on good performances by its special
steel and energy businesses. Net income last year was HK$7.6 billion ($980
million; 713 million euros), the company said on Feb 20. Profits from the
special steel business soared by 519 percent in 2013 to HK$1.3 billion.

Sina chooses banks for IPO in US, sources say

Sina Corp has selected banks for an initial public offering of Sina Weibo, its
Twitter-like micro-blogging service, that could raise about $500 million, said
two people with knowledge of the matter. Credit Suisse Group AG and Goldman
Sachs Group Inc are working on the planned listing in the United States, said
the people, who asked not to be identified because the information is private.

China Daily-Agencies

(China Daily European Weekly 02/28/2014 page18)

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                               22 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

(The Nexus 6P from ...)

BYLINE: Edwin Kee

SECTION: 1-2-know; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1038 words


SMARTPHONE CLAD IN METAL

THE Nexus 6P from Google is quite a big smartphone. At 5.7 inch, it may be too
unwieldy for some, although it does packits fair share of goodies underneath the
hood. Sporting a metal unibody chassis, it is certainly nice to look at and
great to hold in the palm of your hand too.

Despite the metal unibody chassis, this sturdy device has a rather light feel to
it. The phone comes with a Snapdragon 810 chipset accompanied by 3GB of RAM
running within. The Nexus 6P features Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS right out of
the box, and sports a 5.7 inch WQHD AMOLED display that should keep most
eyeballs pleased as punch. At the back lies a 12.3-megapixel rear camera lens,
which is accompanied by a two-tone LED flash and a near-invisible laser
autofocus module.

The phone has an 8-megapixel selfie camera which should be more than sufficient
to get the job done right, even in low light conditions. You will be able to
pick up the Nexus 6P in 32GB, 64GB and 128GB storage options, but none of them
will sport a microSD memory card slot.To keep up with the times, the Nexus 6P
also sports a finger print sensor-Nexus Imprint-located on the back. This sensor
is used to control access to the device.

Other specifications include Gorilla Glass 4 and dual stereo speakers, which is
accompanied by a USB Type-C port that is located at the bottom for data transfer
and charging the 3,450mAh battery. Shipment of the Nexus 6P is slated at the end
of this month, with prices starting at USD499 for the base 32GB model, and
USD549 and USD649 for the 64GB and 128GB models, respectively.

www.huawei.com

CHIC NOTEBOOK

NOT all notebooks are created equal, as there will always be a differentiation
in class-the entry level, mid-range and high end units that cater to different
needs and budgets. Even a single kind of notebook can arrive in various form
factors and sizes, such as the spanking new HP Elite-Book 705 G3 series. This
notebook is thin, light and powerful.

The notebook comes with a new silver magnesium and aluminium chassis and weights
1.27kg. It is just 18.9mm at its thickest point. Depending on your eyesight as
well as needs, the EliteBook 705 G3 series are available in 12.5 inch, 14.0 inch
and 15.6 inch diagonal HD, FHD or QHD screens, and all of them will run on the
new high-performance AMD PRO A12 APU, which happens to be the very first
commercial APU that comes integrated with R7 Radeon graphics. Not only that,
each of these new notebooks will arrive with the HP Premium Keyboard which
provides a remarkable balance of comfort and feedback that goes far beyond a
traditional notebook keyboard.

There is also an enterprise docking capability, letting you be productive while
on-the-go, thanks to a full-size Display Port and VGA and RJ-45 ports. You won't
find yourself running out of juice all too often here, simply because the HP
EliteBook 705 series comes with HP Long-Life Rechargeable Batteries, which can
offer up to a three-year lifespan or 1,000 full charge and discharge cycles. The
batteries are said to last 2 to 3 times longer compared to standard notebook
batteries. An external SIM slot and optional WWAN capability are also part of
the deal, letting you have the added flexibility to connect while on the road.
It is a decent purchase for those who value time and would like to maximise
their waking hours with productivity.

www.hp.com

GOOGLE-MADE TABLET

IN addition to the new Chromecast devices and Nexus phones, Google has also
announced the Pixel C tablet. It is the first tablet in the market to run on the
all-new Android 6.0 Marshmallow mobile operating system version.

Pixel C is tipped to be a high-end model, featuring a 10.2-inch display with a
pixel density of 308 pixels per inch (ppi), while a Tegra X1 processor from
NVIDIA coupled with a Maxwell graphics processor, a USB Type-C port and 3GB of
RAM, keep things humming nicely underneath the hood.

It lacks a physical keyboard like the regular Chromebook, but there is a
lightbar that is borrowed from the Pixel Chromebooks. Double tapping on the
lightbar will show off the remaining battery life. In due time, Google will
ensure that there is an external keyboard accessory that attaches to the tablet
magnetically and connects via Bluetooth, for you to make use of it as a portable
computer.

There will be inductive charging built right into the tablet, ensuring the
keyboard accessory remains juiced up whenever it is closed. The Pixel C will
arrive in 32GB and 64GB capacities, retailing at USD499 (RM2,219) and USD599,
respectively. As for the external keyboard accessory, it will carry a price tag
of USD150. The Pixel C tablet is tipped to arrive in the coming months, so stay
tuned! pixel.google.com

ULTRA-LIGHT KEYBOARD

LOGITECHG410 Atlas Spectrum TKL mechanical gaming keyboard, has exclusive
Romer-G mechanical switches,intelligent RGB illumination and Arx Control
Integration.

This ultra-light Romer-G mechanical switches are said to deliver 25 per cent
faster actuation as opposed to standard mechanical keyboards, thanks to an
actuation point of 1.5mm which enables the Romer-G switches to receive commands
faster so that you have an edge in competitive games where every millisecond
matters. There is also improved durability at 70 million keystrokes.

The Arx Control Integration, which is a Logitech G app which will show off a
wide array of in-game information on your mobile device. Since all the vital
keys for gaming can be easily carried to provides LAN events or a friend's
house, it will nestle in perfectly with smaller gaming spaces. Dropping the
number pad or macro keys, one has additional space to make wide motions with
one's mouse.

While the intelligent Full Spectrum RGB Illumination Central backlighting makes
it a snap to locate the correct keys in game and in the dark, and you can even
individually customise the lighting in every key from a palette of 16.8 million
colours, thanks to the included Logitech software. The Logitech G410 Atlas
Spectrum will arrive with a USD129.99 price tag.

www.gaming.logitech.com

Edwin Kee has made the jump from the analogue era to digital, and loves every
minute of it. He is a firm believer that technology should serve mankind, and
not the other way around.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bots

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                               23 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           September 28, 2009 Monday

Smarter smartphones

BYLINE: Lim Yeh Ern

SECTION: ; Price watch; LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 785 words


THE smartphone is a blanket term for almost any modern-day phone that gets you
connected and organises your daily schedules. Typically, most smartphones
feature wireless connectivity, GPS navigational functionality and a camera. Most
smartphones also cater to both the needs of the business user and average
consumer. On the business side, the smartphone usually bundles in an office
suite for users to read and edit regular documents such as those used by
Microsoft Office and Adobe PDF, and to configure secure access to the company's
network.

For the consumer, the smartphone is focused on keeping users connected on the
go, which includes the typical Webmail, chat, calendar and social networking
applications. The biggest gripe with most users is that a capacitive screen
doesn't support pen or stylus writing recognition such as those on a resistive
touch-screen found on just about every Windows Mobile-based phone. Also, apart
from the virtual keyboard, Microsoft has licensed the original Graffiti from
Palm which made it a natural step up for traditional Palm users. Here are some
smartphones for your consideration. * HTC Magic and Hero Developed by Google and
later handed over to the Open Handset Alliance, Android is the latest mobile
operating system based on the Linux kernel to hit stores. Locally, HTC is the
only manufacturer to bring in Android- powered smartphones with two offerings:
the Magic and Hero. Both models feature a Qualcomm 528-megahertz processor,
trackball with an integrated Enter button, 3.2-inch TFT-LCD touch-screen with
320 by 480 pixels resolution, High Speed Packet Access/ WCDMA, Bluetooth v2.0,
GPS, a five-megapixel camera and accelerometer. Like most HTC smartphones, the
Magic and Hero has a semiproprietary HTC ExtUSB port for a handsfree kit which
is backwardcompatible with existing mini USB cables. And since Google was
originally behind Android, both models feature Google Experience by having
everything from Gmail and Gtalk integration to other apps such as Google
Calender, Maps and Search. Apart from some cosmetic changes, a more durable
Teflon coating and a 3.5-millimetre audio jack on the Hero, both models are
essentially the same, but the Hero comes with the latest Android 1.5 operating
system. At launch time, HTC Malaysia did not confirm nor deny whether there
would be an updated operating system for the Magic even though there are many
freely available third-party Android firmware on the Web. The Magic and Hero go
for RM2,499 and RM2,399 respectively. * Apple iPhone 3GS While the iPhone 3G may
have better 3G/High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA) connectivity over the
first-generation iPhone, it mainly adds a faster processor, internal compass,
larger capacity and better optics to the previous-generation iPhone 3G. Launched
with the iPhone 3GS, the iPhone 3.0 operating system adds functionalities such
as a landscape keyboard and search option. And while many smartphone users may
take something as mundane as cutting, copying and pasting for granted, only the
current incarnation of the iPhone operating system supports it. At RM1,290 with
the Maxis iValue 2 plan for a 16-gigabyte iPhone 3GS, you're tied to a 24-month
contract.

Sony Ericsson Xperia X1 Unlike most Sony Ericsson smartphones, the Xperia X1 is
the company's first smartphone launched about a year ago that trades in the
typical Symbian operating system for Windows Mobile 6.1. It also uses a Micro
Secure Digital High Capacity instead of the typical Memory Stick Micro. In fact,
it's not even made by Sony Ericsson, but by HTC. The Xperia X1 slides outwards
to reveal a Qwerty keypad, 3.2-megapixel camera, HSDPA/EDGE, Bluetooth 2.1 and
an integrated A-GPS for navigation. With the launch of the Xperia X2, the Xperia
X1, which was hovering around RM2,499, is now under the RM1,900 mark, making it
an excellent price point for such a feature-rich smartphone.

HTC Touch Diamond2 Looking to stand out from the sea of Windows Mobile 6.1
devices, HTC's new Touch Diamond2 features the company's TouchFlo 3D interface
that integrates more tightly with Windows Mobile 6.1. This technology provides
more intuitive and easier navigation by bringing commonly accessed applications
to the top-level user interface, and improves on the touch focus area for a more
touch-friendly interface optimised also for a onehand use. The Touch Diamond2
also has a larger 3.2-inch high-resolution widescreen and new touch-sensitive
zoom bar for faster zooming in on Web pages, e- mails and text messages. Other
improvements include a larger battery with 20 per cent more capacity,
five-megapixel auto-focus camera, gravity sensor and ambient light sensor. The
Touch Diamond2 goes for RM2,599.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                               24 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           September 28, 2009 Monday

Smarter smartphones

BYLINE: Lim Yeh Ern

SECTION: ; Price watch; LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 785 words


THE smartphone is a blanket term for almost any modern-day phone that gets you
connected and organises your daily schedules. Typically, most smartphones
feature wireless connectivity, GPS navigational functionality and a camera. Most
smartphones also cater to both the needs of the business user and average
consumer. On the business side, the smartphone usually bundles in an office
suite for users to read and edit regular documents such as those used by
Microsoft Office and Adobe PDF, and to configure secure access to the company's
network.

For the consumer, the smartphone is focused on keeping users connected on the
go, which includes the typical Webmail, chat, calendar and social networking
applications. The biggest gripe with most users is that a capacitive screen
doesn't support pen or stylus writing recognition such as those on a resistive
touch-screen found on just about every Windows Mobile-based phone. Also, apart
from the virtual keyboard, Microsoft has licensed the original Graffiti from
Palm which made it a natural step up for traditional Palm users. Here are some
smartphones for your consideration. * HTC Magic and Hero Developed by Google and
later handed over to the Open Handset Alliance, Android is the latest mobile
operating system based on the Linux kernel to hit stores. Locally, HTC is the
only manufacturer to bring in Android- powered smartphones with two offerings:
the Magic and Hero. Both models feature a Qualcomm 528-megahertz processor,
trackball with an integrated Enter button, 3.2-inch TFT-LCD touch-screen with
320 by 480 pixels resolution, High Speed Packet Access/ WCDMA, Bluetooth v2.0,
GPS, a five-megapixel camera and accelerometer. Like most HTC smartphones, the
Magic and Hero has a semiproprietary HTC ExtUSB port for a handsfree kit which
is backwardcompatible with existing mini USB cables. And since Google was
originally behind Android, both models feature Google Experience by having
everything from Gmail and Gtalk integration to other apps such as Google
Calender, Maps and Search. Apart from some cosmetic changes, a more durable
Teflon coating and a 3.5-millimetre audio jack on the Hero, both models are
essentially the same, but the Hero comes with the latest Android 1.5 operating
system. At launch time, HTC Malaysia did not confirm nor deny whether there
would be an updated operating system for the Magic even though there are many
freely available third-party Android firmware on the Web. The Magic and Hero go
for RM2,499 and RM2,399 respectively. * Apple iPhone 3GS While the iPhone 3G may
have better 3G/High Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA) connectivity over the
first-generation iPhone, it mainly adds a faster processor, internal compass,
larger capacity and better optics to the previous-generation iPhone 3G. Launched
with the iPhone 3GS, the iPhone 3.0 operating system adds functionalities such
as a landscape keyboard and search option. And while many smartphone users may
take something as mundane as cutting, copying and pasting for granted, only the
current incarnation of the iPhone operating system supports it. At RM1,290 with
the Maxis iValue 2 plan for a 16-gigabyte iPhone 3GS, you're tied to a 24-month
contract.

Sony Ericsson Xperia X1 Unlike most Sony Ericsson smartphones, the Xperia X1 is
the company's first smartphone launched about a year ago that trades in the
typical Symbian operating system for Windows Mobile 6.1. It also uses a Micro
Secure Digital High Capacity instead of the typical Memory Stick Micro. In fact,
it's not even made by Sony Ericsson, but by HTC. The Xperia X1 slides outwards
to reveal a Qwerty keypad, 3.2-megapixel camera, HSDPA/EDGE, Bluetooth 2.1 and
an integrated A-GPS for navigation. With the launch of the Xperia X2, the Xperia
X1, which was hovering around RM2,499, is now under the RM1,900 mark, making it
an excellent price point for such a feature-rich smartphone.

HTC Touch Diamond2 Looking to stand out from the sea of Windows Mobile 6.1
devices, HTC's new Touch Diamond2 features the company's TouchFlo 3D interface
that integrates more tightly with Windows Mobile 6.1. This technology provides
more intuitive and easier navigation by bringing commonly accessed applications
to the top-level user interface, and improves on the touch focus area for a more
touch-friendly interface optimised also for a onehand use. The Touch Diamond2
also has a larger 3.2-inch high-resolution widescreen and new touch-sensitive
zoom bar for faster zooming in on Web pages, e- mails and text messages. Other
improvements include a larger battery with 20 per cent more capacity,
five-megapixel auto-focus camera, gravity sensor and ambient light sensor. The
Touch Diamond2 goes for RM2,599.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                               25 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Which is the best tablet for reading?

BYLINE: Jack Schofieldguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1119 words

ABSTRACT

Nomad doesn't want an e-reader but he would like to buy a tablet for long hours
of reading, particularly PDF files. Which one would be best?

FULL TEXT

Tablets are becoming popular as e-readers, for books, documents, PDFs etc. I'm
wondering if there is an ideal screen resolution for long hours of reading text.
Will the difference in ppi of the Google Nexus 10 and Apple iPad 4 produce a
different reading experience? In particular, can the lower resolution Atom-based
tablets with detachable keyboards such as the Lenovo ThinkPad 2 (with stylus!)
compete with them for reading PDFs?I'd like to reproduce a paper-based reading
experience, though I don't want an e-reader. I'm not an Apple fan, but I'm
willing to buy an iPad if it offers the best reading experience.Nomad

There is no "best" tablet for all kinds of reading in all kinds of situations,
which can range from sitting out in the midday sun to reading in bed. Also,
people have different responses to different types and sizes of screen,
especially when reading for long periods. For example, I find very bright
screens look really impressive for the first 10 or 15 minutes, but they soon
become tiring, whereas I can comfortably read a dimmer, less-contrasty screen
for longer. Others may find the opposite applies.

In general, I think that e-readers provide the most book-like experience when
reading for longer periods, and the front-lit Amazon Paperwhite Kindle (which I
reviewed in Technophile) is by some distance the best of the bunch. However, I
didn't find it that much better than my Google Nexus 7 for casual reading. Also,
its small monochrome screen is not the best for every type of material. For
example, if I wanted to read an illustrated magazine or a travel book then I'd
prefer a bigger colour screen, like the one on the Apple iPad 4.

When it comes to PDF files, it depends on the content. You can read PDF's that
are mostly text on a Kindle, but PDFs that contain a lot of diagrams or colour
illustrations will look better on a large, colour screen, especially if you need
to jump backwards and forwards. The Kindle is designed for page-by-page reading.

The Kindle Paperwhite e-reader is better than tablets at handling a wide range
of lighting situations. Tablets are hard or sometimes impossible to read in
bright sunlight, and their glossy screens can pick up annoying reflections. The
Paperwhite also wins for being as small and light as a book. Larger tablets are
much more fatiguing to hold for long periods.

Tablet choices

If you'd still prefer a tablet, the Google Nexus 10 (made by Samsung) wins on
its very high resolution display: 2560 x 1600 pixels, or 299 pixels per inch
(ppi). Considered in isolation, this should give the best results when reading
PDF files. Unfortunately, that doesn't necessarily mean you will find the
difference significant at normal viewing distances, as opposed to peering at the
screen from close range. The only way to find out is to try one.

The iPad 4 has a similar resolution - 2048 x 1536 pixels or 264ppi - and comes
at a slightly higher price, but I can't see that it has any advantage over the
Nexus 10 for reading PDF files. It does, of course, have a massively better
supply of tablet apps, if you are happy to buy into the Apple ecosystem. Not
many Android apps do a good job of exploiting 10in screens.

Otherwise, in terms of size, resolution and price, your best choice might be the
Kindle Fire HD. Its 8.9in screen is not that much smaller than an iPad (9.7in),
and it has a resolution of 1920 x 1200 pixels or 254ppi. You lose access to the
Android marketplace, now called Google Play, and the user interface is somewhat
dumbed down, but it's good value for £225.

By all means have a look at a Nexus 10: you may well find you love it. It was
Kate Bevan's choice in her recent Technophile tablet comparison review, which
includes a handy table of tablet specs. If not, you can get both a Kindle
Paperwhite (£109) and an 8.9in Kindle Fire HD for about the same price as a
Nexus 10.

Windows tablets

The main argument for buying a tablet such as the Atom-based Lenovo ThinkPad 2
is that it does double duty as both a touch-screen tablet and a Windows 8 laptop
(or triple duty if you use the active digitising pen). I've not actually seen
the ThinkPad 2, but I have had my hands on similar machines from Acer, Asus,
Dell and Microsoft, and I've also tried other ThinkPads such as the Carbon X1,
so I'm confident it will do the job. Although the resolution is limited to 1366
x 768 pixels (155ppi), this becomes a "retina screen" (you can't see individual
pixels) at a viewing distance of 22in/56cm (see isthisretina.com). Text is very
readable, thanks to Microsoft's ClearType, and you also get access to Windows'
vast collection of good free software.

However, Windows PC screens vary a lot, so it would also be a good idea to try
the ThinkPad 2 if you can. From the Windows8 tablets I've tried, the screen on
the Microsoft Surface RT was exceptionally good for reading, while the screens
on the others were average. If you wouldn't be happy reading PDFs on an ordinary
£350-ish Windows 7 laptop, you won't be happy reading PDFs on one of these.

The drawback with most Windows 8 tablets is the Atom processor: usually the
1.8GHz dual-core Atom Z2670, code-named Cedar Trail. My first thought was that
it's surprisingly nippy for an Atom, compared with the older versions found in
most netbooks. My second thought was that it's still slower than I'd like for
running real Windows programs. This is a somewhat unfair comparison, because you
can't see how badly they'd run on Apple and Android tablets. Still, most people
buying Windows 8 tablets expect them to run full Windows applications, not just
"modern" (Metro-style) apps.

The Atom's advantages are that it's cheap and it provides long battery life.
This makes it competitive with the ARM-based chips used in Android tablets. But
if you don't need something now, it might be worth waiting for the next version,
code-named Bay Trail. This should appear in time for Christmas.

Windows 8 works really well on touch-screen tablets, once you get the hang of
the odd half-dozen swipes. They're obviously not as small as 7in tablets or 6in
e-readers, but they're competitive with larger tablets: the ThinkPad 2, for
example, weighs 585g (1.29lbs), which is less than a Nexus 10 (603g) or iPad 4
(652g). There's still a shortage of good touch-tablet apps in the Windows Store,
but full-strength web access plus the wealth of old Windows software and
peripherals make up for that. In sum, they're pretty good value if you don't
need an iPad. However, if you don't really need a new laptop, the Nexus 10 and
Kindle Fire HD are much cheaper options.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                               26 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

New Android tablet aims to replace PCs

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Tech Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. S8

LENGTH: 502 words


Tablets are not just for fun and games anymore - they are productivity devices.
That's what the world's computing powers want you to believe, as they embrace a
new hybrid-form factor that wants you to get to work.

Google's Pixel C is the company's latest tablet and. similar to Microsoft's
Surface and the iPad Pro, it has a fancy, optional keyboard attachment, that
really isn't all that optional if you want to get the most out of this device.

Here's our look at Google's latest tablet.

Name: Google Pixel C

Price: $649 for the 32-GB version, $799 for the 64- GB version.

Operating system: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

Screen: 10.2-inch LTPS LCD, 2560x1800 (308 ppi)

Features: Processor: NVIDIA Tegra X1 256 core Maxwell GPU, Gyroscope,
Accelerometer, Stereo speakers.

Cameras: 8 MP rear camera, 2MP front facing

Weight: 0.517 kg / 1.1 lb.

Battery life: 34.2 WHr (Watt hours) Promises 10 hours on a single charge. Worked
for two days of light to medium usage.

Competition: iPad, iPad Pro, Surface Pro 4, Samsung Galaxy Tab S2

What's good: This is an extremely slick-looking and well-designed
aluminum-bodied device, proving that Google can also make some really nice
looking and feeling technology. The screen is ridiculously good. I like the
10.2-inch form factor, which is great for media watching, listening and playing
games. With its build quality and lightning fast processer, this is easily one
of the best Android tablets on the market. Marshmallow is an improved and smooth
Android experience, especially in initial setup. Voice recognition is good. The
keyboard attaches via magnets, and lets it swivel up to 90 degrees. When it
attaches, it feels like it's been superglued together. The rainbow lights on the
back look cool and let you know how much juice you have left. Pretty good
battery life.

What's bad: Still feels a little thicker and heavier than competitors. The
keyboard is what really makes it a productivity device, and it costs $200 extra.
Android 6.0 is good, but this is a mobile OS, so it still has some limitations,
like no real multi-tasking - only one app can be opened at a time. The keyboard
only charges when it's closed. While the keys feel good, typing on the smaller
keyboard for long periods feels uncomfortable. Even with a touchscreen, I'd
still prefer to have a trackpad of some kind.

What's interesting: While the marketing would have this compete with the iPad
Pro and the Microsoft Surface, it feels like something from a lower weight class
compared with those larger devices. Similar to the iPad Pro, it's limited by the
mobile software, so I'm hard pressed to recommend this against a regular laptop.
It is absolutely a top-of-the-line Android tablet and is worth looking at if you
are in the market for one.

The bottom line: This is the first generation product and while Google has made
some lovely design choices and an excellent tablet, it still feels like this is
best used for mostly leisure pursuits. If you really want to be productive,
you're still better off buying a laptop.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                               27 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 510 words


FiiO X1 II

AUDIO PLAYER

$189

Good news for audiophiles looking for a budget portable audio player. The
affordable FiiO X1 portable high-resolution audio player just got updated. Using
an upgraded dedicated digital-to-analog converter (DAC), the X1 II has a higher
signal-to-noise ratio than its predecessor and supports full differential line
output.

It comes with Bluetooth 4.0. A single card slot supporting microSD cards of up
to 256GB lets you store as many songs as possible. The X1 II will be available
in rose gold, silver and black.

360fly 4K

ACTION CAMERA

$920

Need to get an action camera for your upcoming vacation? Take a look at the
360fly 4K action camera, which provides a 360-degree horizontal and 240-degree
vertical field of view. But since it has only a single lens, you do not need to
worry about stitching lines found in dual 180-degree cameras.

It is dust-proof, shock-proof and has a water-resistant rating of IP67 - it can
be submerged in water to a depth of 1m for up to 30min. It also boasts a 64GB
internal memory.

LG V20

SMARTPHONE

$998, available on Nov 5

The LG V20 is the one to get if you want to use the latest Android 7.0 Nougat
mobile operating system. It is the first smartphone to come preloaded with
Nougat, as well as Google's new "In Apps" phone search function.

The 5.7-inch smartphone is also the first to feature a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC. It
features a rear dual-camera system comprising a 16-megapixel 28mm f/1.8
wide-angle camera and an 8-megapixel 10mm f/2.4 ultra-wide angle camera.

Sony a6500

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

Pricing unknown, available in December

Sony has updated its flagship APS-C mirrorless camera with the a6500, Sony's
first such camera to have an in-body five-axis image-stabilisation system to
prevent camera shake. Like the a6300, the 24.2-megapixel a6500 features 425
phase-detection autofocusing (AF) points. It has the world's fastest AF speed of
0.05sec, according to Sony.

Furthermore, when using the electronic viewfinder, the a6500's rear touchscreen
display can be used as a touchpad for control.

Asus ZenWatch 3

SMARTWATCH

$369, available next month

The Asus ZenWatch 3 could be that sleek and affordable Android Wear smartwatch
you are looking for. It has a round stainless steel case with a circular
1.39-inch Amoled screen.

The display has a resolution of 400 x 400 pixels and is protected by 2.5D
Corning Gorilla Glass. Powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip and a
340mAh battery, it is rated to last for two days on each full charge.

Jabra Sport Pulse Special Edition

WIRELESS HEADPHONES

$258

Equipped with a built-in in-ear biometric heart-rate monitor (HRM), the Jabra
Sport Pulse Special Edition is not just another pair of wireless headphones.
With it, you do not need to wear a HRM chest strap during your workouts.

It also claims to be the first headphone set that calculates your VO2 Max level
- a gauge of your aerobic fitness. And it comes with an intelligent in-ear
coaching feature that provides real-time feedback based on your heart-rate and
aerobic fitness level.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FiiO X1 II: AUDIO PLAYER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               28 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                    September 30, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Google Launches 5 new Devices - Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, 2nd Gen Chromecast,
Chromecast Audio & Pixel C

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

LENGTH: 838  words


At an event yesterday, Google announced launch of 5 new devices. The premium
Smartphone Nexus 6P, Mid-range phone Nexus 5X, 2nd Gen Chromecast, Chromecast
Audio & a tablet-Laptop combo Pixel C. While the Nexus 6P and 5X phone launch
was very much expected, the three other devices were pleasant surprise for the
audiences worldwide!

Let us look at each of these devices in more detail:

Nexus 6P Smartphone

The Nexus 6P is arguably the most premium and polished smartphone to be launched
by Google. The phone has been developed in partnership with Huawei

The smartphone has a smaller 5.7-inch screen compared to its predecessor, but
features high-resolution WQHD (2560X1440) AMOLED display with 518 ppi color
depth and front-facing stereo speakers - all housed in a contoured aluminum
body. This all-metal design phone comes with newest Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.

Under the hood Nexus 6P is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 v2.1, 2.0 GHz
Octa-core 64-bit processor coupled with Adreno 430 GPU. The phone has 3GB of RAM
(Most people were expecting this to be 4GB RAM) and 3,450 mAh battery that
supports fast charging.

With just 7.3mm thickness, Nexus P is also one of the slimmest phones. However,
at 178 grams the all-metal body does bring some additional weight in your hands.
The phone comes in 32GB, 64GB and 128GB variants

The camera on this phone is expected to be the best compared to all previous
Nexus phones. The 6P comes with a 12.3 megapixel rear and 8mp front snapper! The
camera supports IR assisted laser focus and can record 4K and slow motion
videos!

Price:32Gb for $499, 64GB for $549 and 128GB for $649 (In India prices start
from Rs. 39,999 for 32GB)

Availability: While pre-orders in US have already started, it is expected that
Google will extend it other markets like India in coming weeks

Nexus 5X Smartphone

The Nexus 5X is the smaller and cheaper version of 6P with specifications that
are notch below. The phone has been developed in partnership with LG.

The smartphone has a 5.2-inch screen featuring Full HD (1920X1080) LCD display
with 423 ppi color depth and Corning Gorilla Glass 3 protection - however,
unlike 6P it has injection molded polycarbonate body. This phone too comes with
newest Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS.

Under the hood Nexus 5X is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 1.8 GHz hexa-core
64-bit processor coupled with Adreno 418 GPU. The phone has a lower 2GB of RAM
(This should have been be 3GB RAM) and 27,00 mAh battery that supports fast
charging too.

At 7.9mm thickness5X is thicker than 6P, however, it is much lighter at 136
grams due to its poly-carbonate body. The phone comes in 16GBand 32GB variants
only

While all other specifications are notch lower on 5X, the camera remains the
same as in case of 6P!

Price:16Gb for $379, 32GB for $429 (In India prices start from Rs. 31,999 for
16GB)

Availability: While pre-orders in US have already started, it is expected that
Google will extend it other markets like India in coming weeks

The New Chromecast

Chromecast has revamped its shape and form in it's second avatar. It is no more
a USB stick like device. It now has a circular body and comes in bright colors.
Google has said that the new Chromecast will offer higher resolution content and
much faster streaming rates. So, you can see your videos much clearer and
without much of buffering. It casts 1080P full HD videos by default, if
available.

Not only that, the new Chromecast (https://store.google
.com/product/chromecast_2015) connects much faster to the TV through its fast
play feature. The device is improved in all other aspects as well such as
improved content discovery, universal search for apps and boasts of better Wi-Fi
strength

We cannot wait to get our hands on the new Chromecast

Price:$35 in the US

Availability: There is no mention of when it will be available in India or other
countries than in US

Chromecast Audio

Chromecast Audio essentially makes any normal audio speakers wireless on to
which you can cast audio from any mobile device. Just connect Chromecast Audio,
and cast your music onto the speakers.

Chromecast Audio works with iPhone, iPad and Android devices, plus Chromebook,
Mac, and Windows laptops.

Price:$35 in the US

Availability: There is no mention of when it will be available in India or other
countries than in US

Pixel C

A completely new product, Pixel C is Google's first Tablet-cum-laptop offering.
The Pixel C does have some great specifications as well. The device runs on
Android 6.0 Marshmallow OS and has a 10.2-inch display with 2560x1800p
resolution and 500 nits brightness.

Under the hood it has a quad-core Tegra X1 processor with 3GB RAM. As far as the
storage goes, it comes in 32GB and 64GB variants. Surprisingly, the keyboard
does not come with the tablet, and needs to be purchased separately.

In our view given the cost, Pixel C is not something that many buyers would
really buy.

Price:$499 for 32GB, $599 for 64G. $149 for keyboard

Availability: No Official launch date announced as yet, and is expected to be
available this Holiday season

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               29 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                            December 22, 2008 Monday

Classy workhorse with a few misses;
Sony Ericsson's new flagship smartphone, the Xperia X1, has good looks and
superb features but can be laggy at times, says ONG BOON KIAT

SECTION: ITCOOLS

LENGTH: 782  words


A SOLIDLY-HEWN metal chassis, a satin-smooth finish and a quartet of funky
notification lights that pulsate gently in neon: to see the Xperia X1 is to lust
for it. And one is likely to drool even more upon seeing its large display slide
up in a subtle curve to reveal a precision-finished Qwerty keypad.

But Sony Ericsson's new flagship smartphone is not just about good looks. It
packs a punch too, offering quad-band connectivity, HSPA mobile data support,
Wi-Fi, assisted global positioning system(aGPS), modem, Bluetooth, FM radio,
400MB of built-in memory, microSD memory card slot (a 4GB card is supplied),
3.2-megapixel camera and a 3.5mm audio jack (instead of the niggly 2.5mm type)
that works with normal earphones.

Out of the box, the X1 catches the eye with its superb three-inch touchscreen
display, which packs a generous resolution of 800x480 pixels. The display
automatically toggles from portrait to landscape mode when the keypad is
extended.

Another cool feature is the optical joystick, which you use by brushing your
finger across a fingernail- sized square recess just below the screen.

Running on the Windows Mobile 6.1 operating system, the X1 comes with the usual
palette of Windows Mobile applications, including mobile versions of Internet
Explorer, Outlook, Office, Media Player, Windows Live and File Explorer. Also
present is the Opera Mobile Web browser and a RSS feed aggregator.

The most eye-catching application, however, is the Xperia panels. The idea is
simple: to allow users to change the phone's personality by selecting from user
interfaces - panels - with different functionalities.

Nine panels can be loaded and unloaded at any time into a panels manager
application, but one can install more into the phone itself. Pressing a button
brings up this nine-panel array, from which the user can select one to use.

Like HTC's TouchFlo 3D interface, Sony Ericsson's interface does a great job of
covering up the dowdy Windows Mobile Today screen. Having different panels at
the user's disposal, however, sets it apart from its competitors.

Among the supplied panels is a useful one that displays a clock, calendar and
other essential information. Another emulates a PlayStation Portable interface,
complete with a hierarchical tree menu that lets users select items like music,
photos, videos and games. There are also Web-based panels, like the Google,
Windows Live and Dashwire panels.

There is even a whimsical 3D fish panel for aquarium buffs, in which animated
goldfishes twiddle towards your finger whenever you poke on the screen, and
change colours depending on whether the battery is low, if the sound is off, or
when there is an unread message.

But my favourite is the just-released Facebook panel, which presents photos of
your Facebook friends as floating bubbles bobbing around you. Click on a bubble
to see your friend's latest status.

And tap on a number of large finger- friendly icons to quickly access Facebook
functions like status updates, phonebook, photos, messages and more. This
awesome application is so well-designed it felt more intuitive than even the Web
version of Facebook.

Elsewhere, the X1's camera shows a natural quality. Audio playback through
earphones is superb - delivering a rich and full-bodied sound that my Nokia E71
can't match. The very sensitive optical joystick was initially frustrating to
use, but I soon got the hang of it.

There is much to like about the X1 but it has its shortcomings. Most glaring is
its sluggishness when using the Xperia panels. There is often a disconcerting
lag between tapping on an icon and waiting for it to respond. It must be noted,
however, that the new Facebook panel feels far more zippy than the other panels,
suggesting that Sony Ericsson has been working to address this issue.

Surfing the Web, both with Internet Explorer and Opera Mobile, feels overall
slower than on my Nokia E71. Not having an on-screen mouse pointer for
navigation is an annoyance, forcing me to constantly scour the screen to see
which links and icons are selected. My other dislike is the keypad. While its
chic aesthetics can't be faulted, the X1's nearly-flushed keys felt clumsy
compared to the E71's, where each key is a raised bump.

Bottomline: Sony Ericsson has delivered a classy mobile workhorse with the X1
but it is not perfect. At $1,298 (without operator contract), the X1 is not
cheap, but it justifies its price tag by offering that rare one-two punch of a
touchscreen display and full-size keypad.

In this, it joins other high-end phones like HTC's Touch Pro and Nokia's N97.
Here's hoping that Sony Ericsson will be addressing some of the speed and
ergonomic foibles through upcoming firmware upgrades.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               30 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

New products

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; New Products

LENGTH: 636 words


TELEVISION

Sony Bravia X9000C Series

Pricing unknown, available next month

Remember that old Sony TV with lockable doors, which was huge enough to double
as a spare surface for dumping books, ornaments and anything you did not have
time to put away immediately'

At its thinnest, Sony's new Bravia X9000C 4K LCD TV is only 4.9mm thick. Sony's
slimmest LCD TV is all but bezel-free. In your living room, it will look as if
it is floating.

Powered by Sony's new 4K Processor X1 and X-Reality Pro, the 4K (3,840 x 2,160
pixels) moving images deliver improved colour accuracy and stunning details.

This set supports Google's latest Android TV operating system, so it is easy for
Android smartphone users to stream videos, or to use the TV as a gaming device.
It comes in 55-inch and 65-inch models.

IPHONE CASE

Mujjo Leather Wallet Case 80° for iPhone 6/6 Plus

$89 (iPhone 6), $99 (iPhone 6 Plus)

The Mujjo Leather Wallet Case 80° is an elegant and practical case for your new
Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus.

Designed to hold up to three essential cards, this leather case eliminates
wallet bulge. The card slots are slanted at an angle of 80 degrees to keep an
EZLink card, an ATM card and a credit card securely in place. Crafted from
high-quality vegetable-tanned leather for which Mujjo is known, the exterior
will acquire a beautiful patina over time. It is available in tan and black.

RUNNING SHOES

On Cloudsurfer

$229

From the country that brought you high-precision mechanical watches, On is a
young Swiss sports company that developed the innovative CloudTech cushioning
technology to transform running energy into forward momentum.

The CloudTech system features hollow pods on the outsole of the shoe. These
stretch back on impact to cushion your landing, then lock to form a solid
foundation for a powerful push-off.

Cloudsurfer is On's latest model to use this technology. Its mesh upper with
smart foam adapts to the foot for comfort and fit, while the durable high-grade
ethylene-vinyl acetate midsole makes Cloudsurfer a great training and racing
shoe.

HEADPHONES

Sennheiser Momentum Wireless

$699

The award-winning Sennheiser Momentum gets a wireless upgrade which uses
Bluetooth and Near Field Communication technology to connect to your devices.

Goodbye, cable spaghetti.

Momentum Wireless uses Sennheiser's NoiseGard active noise-cancellation
technology to monitor and block ambient noise, while its VoiceMax technology
cancels out external interference to ensure optimum crystal-clear voice
conversations.

LENS

Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 7-14mm F2.8 Pro

Pricing unknown, available next month

The Olympus M.Zuiko Digital ED 7-14mm F2.8 Pro is the lens that Olympus and
Micro Four Thirds (MFT) mirrorless camera users have been waiting for.

With an effective focal length of 14-28mm (a MFT image sensor has a 2x crop
factor) and a constant big aperture of f/2.8 throughout, it is perfect for
landscape, architecture and wedding photography.

Compact and lightweight at 534g, the lens will not weigh you down while you
pound the streets for that perfect shot. It is sealed against dust, water and
cold, so you can use it in most weather conditions.

SMARTPHONE

Panasonic Lumix DMC-CM1

$1,399

Add a 1-inch image sensor to a smartphone and you get the Panasonic Lumix
DMC-CM1. It is the world's slimmest communication camera at only 21.1mm,
according to Panasonic.

The 1-inch, 20.1-megapixel image sensor is the kind found only in some high-end
compact cameras, such as the Panasonic LX100. It gives superb low-light
performance with the wide-angle Leica 28mm f/2.8 lens. This 4.7-inch Android
smartphone delivers photos that other smartphones can only dream about.

A physical control ring around the lens gives you quick and direct access to
controls, such as shutter speed, aperture and ISO settings.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               31 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      January 6, 2015 Tuesday 10:30 AM GMT

CES 2015: Sony reveals unbelievably thin 4K TV running Google Android;
Sony stepped up the 4K TV battleground at CES this year with a new ultra high
definition set that measures a scant 5mm thick

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 268 words


Sony has clearly sent its Bravia TV on a bit of a crash diet - as the latest box
from the Japanese giant measures a mere 4.9mm thick.

The new "floating design" leaves Sony's new XBR X900C (55-inch and 65-inch) and
X901C (75-inch) Bravia TV's with an almost frameless body and a scant 4.9mm at
its thinnest point.

Sony revealed its new TVs at the Consumer Electronics Show running in Las Vegas
at the moment.

The advancement of 4K sets is a defining trend of the massive gadget show, and
Sony was widely expected to showcase its latest dream screen.

Complimenting the (frankly stunning) design is some serious hardware that
includes the new 4K X1 Processor that, Sony says, allows for improved colour,
clarity and contrast.

The resolution tops out at 3,840 x 2,160 pixels which, for those that are
interested, is four times the resolution of a typical Full HD 1080p display.

What's more, Sony has decided to add Google's open source Android operating
system to the 2015 line up of Bravia TVs.

That means that as well as bringing smartphone and tablet apps to the screen,
you're also able to tap into the vast range of movies, TV shows and music
available on the Google Play store.

And, like any good gadget these days, Sony has built in a microphone into the
remote and added Google's voice recognition technology. Why spend time searching
for the latest episode of Justified when you can ask the TV to do it for you?

Sony declined to mention the price of its new TVs at the conference, but we're
going to make a judgement call here and say that they aren't going to be cheap.

Still, they should be available by the spring.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               32 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 6, 2015 Tuesday 10:07 AM GMT

CES 2015: Sony reveals unbelievably thin 4K TV running Google Android;
Sony stepped up the 4K TV battleground at CES this year with a new ultra high
definition set that measures a scant 5mm thick

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 287 words


Sony has clearly sent its Bravia TV on a bit of a crash diet - as the latest box
from the Japanese giant measures a mere 4.9mm thick.

The new "floating design" leaves Sony's new XBR X900C (55-inch and 65-inch) and
X901C (75-inch) Bravia TV's with an almost frameless body and a scant 4.9mm at
its thinnest point.

Sony revealed its new TVs at the Consumer Electronics Show running in Las Vegas
at the moment.

The advancement of 4K sets is a defining trend of the massive gadget show, and
Sony was widely expected to showcase its latest dream screen.

Complimenting the (frankly stunning) design is some serious hardware that
includes the new 4K X1 Processor that, Sony says, allows for improved colour,
clarity and contrast.

The resolution tops out at 3,840 x 2,160 pixels which, for those that are
interested, is four times the resolution of a typical Full HD 1080p display.

What's more, Sony has decided to add Google's open source Android operating
system to the 2015 line up of Bravia TVs.

That means that as well as bringing smartphone and tablet apps to the screen,
you're also able to tap into the vast range of movies, TV shows and music
available on the Google Play store.

And, like any good gadget these days, Sony has built in a microphone into the
remote and added Google's voice recognition technology. Why spend time searching
for the latest episode of Justified when you can ask the TV to do it for you?

Sony declined to mention the price of its new TVs at the conference, but we're
going to make a judgement call here and say that they aren't going to be cheap.

Still, they should be available by the spring. If you're thinking of picking one
up, let us know via the Mirror Tech Facebook page. Facebook Mirror Tech like box

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               33 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

Lava Iris X1 quick-read review: Just the camera is better than the Moto E

LENGTH: 458  words


The Moto E is currently our pick for the best low-cost Android around, and it is
now being challenged by several Indian manufacturers. The Lava Iris X1 is among
the top contenders, with a similar price tag and offering better features on
paper. Can it topple the king?

Specs: 4.5-inch IPS touchscreen (854480 pixels, 217 ppi) | 1.2GHz quad-core
Broadcom 23550 processor | 1GB RAM | 4GB internal memory, microSD card up to
32GB | Dual-SIM (SIM + micro SIM) | 8-megapixel rear camera, 2-megapixel front
camera, WVGA video recording | 3G (only on regular SIM), Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4, GPS
| 1800mAh battery | Android 4.4 KitKat

Price: Rs 7,999

Design: Imagine the iPhone 4S made with low-cost materials and you have the Lava
Iris X1 on your hands. The front and back are completely flat, while the sides
have a chrome band going all around. Unlike the Moto E, it uses capacitive touch
buttons so you get full use of the screen space and the bezel is used well too.
The buttons are responsive, the phone doesn't heat up, and there is nothing to
dislike about the Iris X1-it seems like a handset that should be more expensive
than what it is.

Screen: To its credit, the 4.5-inch screen has decent colour reproduction and
viewing angles. But it has a few big problems. First, it does not have Gorilla
Glass or any scratch protection, which is not something worth compromising on.
Second, the screen has major issues with colour banding-basically, a colour does
not smoothly transition between shades, you see clear bands of different shades.
Perhaps most damagingly, the screen's response is weak. Often when tapping keys
or other things around the edges of the screen, the taps aren't registered.
Also, if you tap quickly-like speed typing on a keyboard-the screen misses some
input.

Performance: Despite a quad-core processor, the performance of the Iris X1 is
inferior to the Moto E's dual-core processor. It often lags or slows down, and
quick multi-tasking between several heavy apps caused it to hang twice in a week
of usage.

Camera: The camera is perhaps the highlight of the Iris X1-but that is only in
the context of its price. It's better than the Moto E in low-light shots and it
captures better details during the day. However, it's still slow to focus so you
will struggle with candid shots. It also lacks depth and the zoom is atrocious.
The good thing is that Lava's handset also has a front-facing camera for your
selfies and video calls-overall, in the camera department, it outscores the Moto
E.

Software: Google Android is now good enough not to need customisation by
manufacturers, and Lava does not make any attempt to do that. It's the latest
Android 4.4 KitKat and it works great!

Storage: With just 4GB of internal continued

Single Page Format

     ·    1
     ·    2


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               34 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 14, 2015 Tuesday 12:00 PM GMT

Dell XPS 13 review: a screen to beat Apple;
Company's new powerful 13in aluminium ultrabook has a better-than-retina quad
HD+ screen with virtually no bezels squeezed into an 11in laptop frame

BYLINE: Jack Schofield

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1055 words


Star Rating: 5 stars

Dell's latest ultrabook is squarely aimed at Apple's MacBook Pro with a
better-than-retina high resolution screen and aluminium body - a Windows MacBook
killer.

Since Dell turned private in 2013 it has rekindled its innovative spirit, first
with a super-thin tablet with an edge-to-edge display, now with a laptop that is
thin, light and practically bezel-less.

The new XPS 13 is a "hero product" that shows what the company can do. I can't
remember the last time I really wanted to test a Dell laptop.

Better than retina

The Dell XPS 13 (2015) may look like a traditional aluminium ultrabook, but it
really makes an impact when you open it up.

The screen looks huge, because the bezels are tiny - a 13.3in "infinity" screen
fitted into something the size of an 11in laptop. It is also is very bright and
very sharp, with a resolution of 3200 x 1800 pixels and a pixel density of 276
pixels per inch.

For comparison a MacBook Pro with a 13.3in retina screen has a resolution of
2560 x 1600 and 227ppi, and Google's Chromebook Pixel a 12.9in screen with a
2560 x 1700 resolution and 239 ppi, meaning the Dell has both the Apple and
Google laptops beat on sharpness.

The higher the pixel density the sharper the text, the clearer the details in
images and the better the screen looks - it's the same principle used by
smartphones and tablets.

Specifications as tested

     ·    Screen: 13.3in Quad HD+ infinity screen, 3200 x 1800 (276 pixels per
          inch)
     ·    Processor: 2.4GHz Intel Core i7 i7-5500U processor
     ·    RAM: 8GB
     ·    Storage: 256GB SSD
     ·    Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11ac, BT 4.0, USB3.0, mini DisplayPort, SD
          card reader
     ·    Camera: 720p
     ·    Dimensions: 304 x 200 x 15mm
     ·    Weight: 1.26kg



Real power

The XPS 13 is one of the first new laptops using Intel's fifth-generation 14nm
Core chips, code-named Broadwell. They provide a small increase in performance
over current Haswell designs, but should deliver significantly better battery
life.

The fan-cooled Core i7-5500U is fast for an ultrabook - especially one that
measures only 15mm thick - and the extra performance of its HD5500 graphics
processor makes it usable for 1080p gaming. It's quite a step up from the slow
performance of the fanless Core-M chip used in the Lenovo Yoga 3 and Apple's
latest MacBook.

But small sizes require compromises, and the XPS 13 is no exception. The memory
chips are soldered to the motherboard so not upgradable and the battery is
sealed in, as it is with quite a few of its competitors.

The XPS 13 has two USB 3.0 ports, a mini-DisplayPort for video, an SD card slot,
and a 3.5mm headset jack. More connections can be provided via an optional USB
dongle. The webcam is positioned in an odd place - underneath the screen on the
left-hand side - because there's no room for it in the thin bezel around the
screen. The view from the webcam is therefore, less flattering.

Battery lasts about a day

Dell estimates the XPS 13 with the infinity screen will last approximately 11
hours of browsing or eight hours of video playback. With high performance
settings and the screen brightness turned up, I got slightly less than that in
normal use.

With more balanced settings, the XPS13 should get through a normal day's work.
But if you play World of Warcraft on your lunch break, you might not make it.

The power adapter is tiny, however, and the machine charges in about two hours.
Dell also offers a Power Companion battery that will recharge it, but if battery
life is a priority, the lower resolution full HD-screen versions last longer.

'Adaptive brightness' potentially a plague

The infinity screen is excellent - arguably one of the best available on a
laptop - but there's a potential problem.

The screen has an "adaptive brightness" feature that varies the screen
brightness according to content, not just the ambient light. It's a technology
used in high-end smartphones and tablets by Samsung and others, which makes the
display look as good as possible.

However, the colour and brightness changing technology cannot be turned off and
makes it impossible to calibrate the display, which is the first thing a pro
photographer or video editor would want to do with this type of machine.

Some people think it is very important, and many have complained about it
online, but I confess I didn't really notice it in daily use. Dell ought to
provide a way to turn it off, and until it does, it could be a real problem for
people in the creative industries.

Keyboard and trackpad

The chiclet-style keyboard is good, but not great. I found the backlit keys
slightly small, which reflects the fact that the XPS 13's chassis is closer to
an 11.6in than a 13.3in laptop. I would also have preferred a little more
travel, but then, I grew up with mechanical typewriters and clicky keyboards.

The large Microsoft Precision touchpad is much better than those in most Windows
laptops, though still not up to Apple standards. It's also very sensitive, which
takes some getting used to.

Price

The Dell XPS 13 comes in several different models starting at £799 and rising to
£1,249, with faster processors, the quad HD+ screen and more storage.

The version tested costs £1,099 with 256GB of storage, 8GB of RAM and a quad HD+
screen.

Verdict

The Dell XPS 13's Quad HD+ screen, thin bezels, good touchpad, solid keyboard,
aluminium construction and aggressive pricing make it a strong competitor in the
high-end PC market. Not even Apple offers a better-than-retina screen and a Core
i7 in something close to the size of an 11in MacBook Air.

There are other high-end laptops such as the Lenovo ThinkPad Carbon X1, HP
EliteBooks, Asus Zenbooks and similar machines, but if you want a laptop for
Windows or Linux, the XPS 13 is probably the best you can get at the moment.

The elephant in the room? Dude, you're getting a Dell. That won't put off
business buyers, who make up the vast majority of Dell's customers, but it's
probably not going to appeal to the hipsters in Starbucks, who are brand
followers not brand leaders.

Pros: excellent quad HD+ screen, solid build, powerful, good touchpad,
touchscreen  Cons: battery life could be better, adaptive brightness can't be
turned off, memory not upgradable

Other reviews

                     · Surface Pro 3 review: the most lappable tablet yet

· Five best laptops to suit any budget

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               35 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Times (Australia)

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday
                              ReadersMart Edition

SCREEN SHOTS

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 466  words


GEAR UP The latest products to help keep you in the technology loop

Sony's Bravia Z9D takes the fight to OLED, writes Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SONY BRAVIA Z9D 65-INCH Sony's Bravia Z9D takes the fight to OLED, writes
Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

Just when you'd deciphered modern TV technology, sorting full HD from 4K, HDR
from Quantum Dot, and OLED from LCD, another screen arrives to question
everything you thought you knew.

Sony's new flagship television is that screen, and it makes a compelling case to
rethink your next TV. The Sony Bravia Z9D doesn't just feature new-look Google
software, it adds backlighting that could genuinely make you question whether
OLED is the superior TV technology.

There are, however, important factors to consider before investing your cash.
Sony showed off the technology behind its latest television at the Consumer
Electronics Show in January, but the freshly released Z9D is the first TV to
receive it.

Called Backlight Master Drive, this addition controls a TV's illumination to
show deeper blacks and higher contrast. OLED televisions, renowned for dark and
high-contrast images, achieve their look by turning off individual pixels.

Sony's Backlight Master Drive works similarly by adding more light-emitting
diodes (LEDs) behind its LCD screen, ensuring they deliver more focused beams of
light and, crucially, that they can be controlled individually.

Dark scenes on this TV are much darker than previous models because the light
behind them has simply been turned off.

There's also a bigger difference between colours on this screen, and brighter
lighting than you'd see on an OLED TV, making images appear more striking. Sony
also uses a new processor, the X1 Extreme, to make the most of this technology
when screening 4K HDR content, and it promises a 40 per cent boost to real-time
image processing.

Sony's Z9D asks serious questions about the future of TV technology. $6999 /
sony.com.au

LGOLED 4K UHD 65" SMART features provided by the webOS 3.0 software ensure
convenience and practicality in the LG 65" B6T 4K Ultra HD OLED Smart TV. Access
Netflix, Stan, ABC iView and YouTube with ease once you're connected to the
internet.

Harman/Kardon brings amazing audio that matches the LG TV's brilliant images for
an immersive cinematic experience at home.

Infinite contrast ratio for this LG OLED screen helps produce incredible deep
blacks that mix well with brilliant and dramatic colours for clear and realistic
images.

The High Dynamic Range (HDR) feature assists with graduation contrasts in
lighter and darker areas on your smart TV, delivering improved levels of
realism.

OLED Technology's self-lighting pixels turn on and off individually, giving
light only to parts where it's needed, ensuring pure black and explosive colours
from your TV.$7399 / LG.COM

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday Times


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               36 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Improving on perfection can be a game of Whac-A-Mole

BYLINE: This digital life John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 696 words


ow do you improve on a macine tat is so close to perfect, it's ard to imagine
that any improvements are even possible, let alone necessary?

Te answer may be that you can't, or at least that you can't improve it very muc.
The answer may be tat you just wind up playing Whac-A-Mole with whatever small
flaws the macine had, fixing some of them only to have new, slightly different
ones pop up elsewhere.

Take, for instance, Lenovo's 2014 ThinkPad X1 Carbon notebook computer, a new
and updated version of a notebook so close to perfect it surely ranks as one of
our very favourite computers of all time.

The keyboard on the X1 is a thing of grace and beauty ... but.

It's the new X1 Carbon I'm using to write this column, and as you may have
noticed, a slight imperfection has crept into the unit I am reviewing: the
keyboard's "h" key is apparently sticking to the ThinkPad's iconic (and awesome)
track pointer, and doesn't always register when you press it. Though, now that
I'm further into this column, the problem does seem to have cleared up.
Yesterday the "h" was barely working at all, despite the numerous whacks I gave
the underside of the device.

Maybe this morning's whack was all it took to clear up the issue. Let's see,
shall we?

I mention the keyboard because it's one of the major changes in the 2014 model,
aside from the usual faster chip/sharper screen enhancements - though the new,
very-high resolution screen on the X1 Carbon is a whole other game of
Whac-A-Mole I'll get to in a moment.

With the new X1, Lenovo has taken a leaf out of the Optimus Popularis playbook,
adding a row of keys at the top of the keyboard, that changes depending on the
app you're using.

The row, located where the F1 to F12 function keys used to be, is made of LEDs
rather than physical buttons, and shows up as the regular function keys at
times, or as a set of web browser controls if you're in a browser, It will take
on the functions of web conference controls, if that's what you're doing. The
advantage of this new layout is that it gives you far more function buttons at
the top of your keyboard - something like 45 where once there were 26, though
only 11 or so are visible at once.

It's a really good idea, but it could have been better implemented. For
starters, there is no way to assign a set of controls to a given app - you can
only nominate the default set, which makes it far less customisable than it
should be - and there's no way for users or software developers to create their
own sets of controls.

That would have been brilliant for things like video editing or gaming.

The real problem, though, is the Whac-A-Mole effect it's had on the rest of the
keyboard. To accommodate the nifty LED strip, Lenovo had to move the delete,
insert, home and end buttons. The relocated delete button, now right next to the
(shrunken) backspace button, is killing me. I keep hitting delete when I want
backspace. Caps lock has been replaced by a home/end couplet, which is plain old
weird, though it's yet to actually bother me.

The screen on the new X1 has been both perfected and imperfected, too. It's now
available in an incredibly sharp 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution, up from 1600 x
900, making for a viewing experience that alternates between sublime and
ridiculous, depending on the application.

Windows 8.1 now has the ability to handle very high-resolution displays, and in
Windows and a lot of apps, text on the X1 is now so sharp it looks painted on.
Unfortunately, Windows doesn't pass that ability onto all the applications it
runs.

In certain apps, most notably Google Chrome, the new screen causes all sorts of
problems. Depending on which imperfection you can stand the least, you either
end up with fuzzy text but beautiful images, or sharp text but images and
buttons that are so small as to be absurd. Other apps suffer related problems.
The word processor I am writing on now, for instance, either has crappy fonts or
has on-screen menus that are so out of alignment, you can't tell which button
applies to which function. Solve one problem, the other one pops back.

On the plus side, the "h" key is well and truly working now. Consider that mole
whacked once and for all.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               37 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                           Makkah Newspaper (Arabic)

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

                                                  أفضل الأجهزة اللوحية لعام 2016

LENGTH: 179 words



                                                               مكة - مكة المكرمة

 ما هو أفضل جهاز لوحي يعمل بنظام أندرويد لعام 2016؟ أصبح من الصعب الإجابة عن هذا
 السؤال مع كثرة الخيارات المتاحة من الأجهزة اللوحية لتتناسب مع حاجة المستخدم ومع
   التكلفة المالية، ولمحاولة الإجابة عن هذا السؤال جمع موقع Science World Report
                                                 أفضل الأجهزة اللوحية لعام 2016.

                                                                  Google Pixel C
    يتناسب الجهاز مع متتبعي آخر الأجهزة اللوحية المحدثة، فيتميز الجهاز بشاشة عرض
    10.1 بوصات ومعالج انفيديا X1 رباعي النواة وذاكرة رام 3 جيجا بايت وبتكلفة 499
                                                                         دولارا.

                                                                 Xiaomi Mi Pad 2
    يختلف الجهاز عن بقية منافسيه على أنه ايباد يعمل بنظام الأندرويد، وصمم الجهاز
             بشكل لائق جدا، وبسعر منافس يصل إلى 204 دولارات لإصدار 64 جيجا بايت.

                                                            Samsung Galaxy Tab 2
يتوفر الجهاز بحجمين للشاشة، أحدهما 8 بوصات والآخر 9.7 بوصات، ويعمل الجهاز بمعالج
 إكسينوس وذاكرة رام سعتها 3 جيجا بايت، ويعد أنحف جهاز لوحي متوفر في الأسواق، لذا
                                                      تبلغ تكلفته نحو 500 دولار.

                                                                  Google Nexus 9
 ابتكرت شركة HTC الجهاز اللوحي ليعمل بأحدث إصدار من نظام الأندرويد، ويأتي الجهاز
بمواصفات مثالية: شاشة LCD 8.9 بوصة وذاكرة رام 2 جيجا بايت وبطارية 6700 ملي أمبير
                                                            وهو بسعر 479 دولارا.


                         http://imgs.syndigate.info/783/2429/11/147861799002.jpg




LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ARABIC; العربية

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2429


            Copyright 2016 Makkah Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               38 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Lenovo brings new level of quality to ThinkPad legacy

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 599 words


Dubai

Lenovo's ultra-thin laptop - ThinkPad X1 Carbon - feels solidly and sturdy and,
at the same time, impressively light.

The 14-inch device is powered by fourth-generation Intel i7 processor running at
1.50GHz with 8GB of RAM and 256GB solid state drive. It runs on Windows 8.1 Pro.
The touch screen device has a higher resolution of 2560 x 1440 pixels than other
ultra-thin laptops in the market. It weighs 3.15 pounds.

The beauty of the device is the black matte-finish carbon fibre body, which
keeps it light and adds strength and durability. It can tilt 180 degrees,
allowing the screen to stay flat.

The display is non shiny, so no glares and colours pop up with rich details.

The major changes are in the keyboard layout. The island-style keyboard, with
keys slightly convex curved at the bottom, is well spaced but the change in
keyboard layout will drive some crazy.

There is one part which drove me crazy, that is the smaller delete button now
sits next to backspace key.

There is no caps lock key and it is replaced by home/end key, and there is no
PrintScreen button. To make the letters caps, users need to hit the shift key
twice and hit it twice again  to make it lower.

Functions and commands

Lenovo has replaced the function keys with adaptive touchscreen keyboard
(virtual keyboard with backlit). There are four presets with different functions
and commands and can accommodate 40 shortcuts and also integrates voice and
gesture controls. By default, the strip shows volume up and down, brightness and
Windows-specific search functions and shortcuts to Nuance's Dragon Assistant
(gesture and voice control). It can let users dictate emails, search the web and
turn the computer on and off.

The strip changes automatically depending on the applications opened.

Opening a browser will give a row of commands like new tab button and
page-reload button while opening VoIP (Skype and Google Talk) will give
microphone controls.

It is an interesting idea but consumers will take time to get used to the style.
Even the touchpad is button less. It has an integrated right and left buttons.
It is easy to find, the right and left track pad buttons are underlined in red
and the scroll zone is marked by row of raised dots and sits between the left
and right track pad buttons.

It has a USB 3.0 port and mini Ethernet port (via dongle) on the right. The full
HDMI, Lenovo's unique OneLink power connector, a Kensington lock slot, mini
display, USB 3.0 and headphone jack sit on the right side of the device.

The apps installed on board are Evernote Touch, AccuWeather.com, Amazon's Kindle
reader, drawing app Skitch Touch, Hightail, Zinio's magazine store and the
music-streaming service rara.com. Lenovo has added some apps of its own --
Lenovo Settings, Lenovo and Reach, which is a cloud service.

The X1 Carbon delivers rich audio quality with the bundled with the Dolby Home
Theater v.4 software. It gives control over audio settings and enhances the
audio quality and users can feel the difference when disabling the feature.

The 720p webcam is a disappointment as the images are grainy and noisy but the
face tracking feature did a decent job of tracking my face.

Regarding connectivity, it has Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0 and a 3G/4G LTE micro SIM
car slot.

Lenovo did not add the SD card option to this device. The battery lasted for
more than five hours on video playback test, which is average due to the high
resolution display. The company promises 8.6 hours of runtime, but I could only
manage just over six hours. It trails by a wide margin when compared to the
competitors. It is priced at Dh6,250.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               39 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                           The Cairns Eye (Australia)

                           October 15, 2016 Saturday
                               CairnsEye Edition

TV WARS ON AGAIN

BYLINE: JENNIFER DUDLEY-NICHOLSON

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 486  words


Just when you'd deciphered modern TV technology, sorting full HD from 4K, HDR
from Quantum Dot, and OLED from LCD, another screen arrives to question
everything you thought you knew.

Sony's new flagship television is that screen, and it makes a compelling case to
rethink your next TV.

The Sony Bravia Z9D doesn't just feature a new look and fresh Google software,
but it adds backlighting that could genuinely make you question whether OLED is
the superior TV technology.

There are, however, important factors to consider before investing your cash.
Sony showed off the technology behind its latest television at the Consumer
Electronics Show in January, but the freshly released Z9D is the first TV to
receive it.

Called Backlight Master Drive, this addition controls a TV's illumination to
show deeper blacks and higher contrast.

OLED televisions, renowned for dark and high-contrast images, achieve their look
by turning off individual pixels.

Sony's Backlight Master Drive works similarly by adding more light-emitting
diodes (LEDs) behind its LCD screen, ensuring they deliver more focused beams of
light and, crucially, that they can be controlled individually.

What does this mean when you're looking at the screen?

Dark scenes on this TV are much darker than previous models because the light
behind them has simply turned off.

There's also a bigger difference between colours on this screen, and brighter
lighting than you'd see on an OLED TV, making images appear more striking.

Sure, Matt Damon might be trapped on Mars but, on this TV, he has a beautiful
view.

Sony also uses a new processor, the X1 Extreme, to make the most of this
technology when screening 4K HDR content, and it promises a 40 per cent boost to
real-time image processing.

While we were unable to test its upscaling abilities with free-to-air TV, this
screen certainly keeps image artefacts and judder to an imperceptible minimum.

In addition to its screen enhancements, this TV features Android Marshmallow
software, delivers remote control shortcuts to Netflix and Google Play, and its
voice recognition is surprisingly accurate.

Its design has also been refined, with gold anodised aluminium around its edge,
a compact but stylish stand that uses little space, four HDMI ports, and the
ability to install a USB stick for use as internal storage.

Sony's TV is not a clear-cut winner in the TV race, though.

Its new backlighting technology does not have the same fine control over
lighting that OLED offers, and it stops just short of delivering the 12-bit
colour of Dolby Vision, instead using 10-bit HDR10 technology.

This TV's remote control also only uses Bluetooth for voice commands, otherwise
requiring a precise aim, and its Android software doesn't make use of the entire
web.

Sony's Z9D does deliver a superb picture, and an easy smart TV experience,
however, plus it asks serious questions about the future of TV technology.

$6999/ sony.com.au

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Eye


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               40 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           October 12, 2016 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

TV wars on again

BYLINE: Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 507  words


Sony's Bravia Z9D takes the fight to OLED, writes Jennifer Dudley-Nicholson

BRAVIA Z9D 65-INCH SONY **** 1/2

Just when you'd deciphered modern TV technology, sorting full HD from 4K, HDR
from Quantum Dot, and OLED from LCD, another screen arrives to question
everything you thought you knew.

Sony's new flagship television is that screen, and it makes a compelling case to
rethink your next TV.

The Sony Bravia Z9D doesn't just feature a new look and fresh Google software,
but it adds backlighting that could genuinely make you question whether OLED is
the superior TV technology.

There are, however, important factors to consider before investing your cash.
Sony showed off the technology behind its latest television at the Consumer
Electronics Show in January, but the freshly released Z9D is the first TV to
receive it.

Called Backlight Master Drive, this addition controls a TV's illumination to
show deeper blacks and higher contrast.

OLED televisions, renowned for dark and high-contrast images, achieve their look
by turning off individual pixels.

Sony's Backlight Master Drive works similarly by adding more light-emitting
diodes (LEDs) behind its LCD screen, ensuring they deliver more focused beams of
light and, crucially, that they can be controlled individually.

What does this mean when you're looking at the screen? Dark scenes on this TV
are much darker than previous models because the light behind them has simply
turned off.

There's also a bigger difference between colours on this screen, and brighter
lighting than you'd see on an OLED TV, making images appear more striking.

Sure, Matt Damon might be trapped on Mars but, on this TV, the titular Martian
has a beautiful view.

Sony also uses a new processor, the X1 Extreme, to make the most of this
technology when screening 4K HDR content, and it promises a 40 per cent boost to
real-time image processing.

While we were unable to test its upscaling abilities with free-to-air TV, this
screen certainly keeps image artefacts and judder to an imperceptible minimum.

In addition to its screen enhancements, this TV features Android Marshmallow
software, delivers remote control shortcuts to Netflix and Google Play, and its
voice recognition is surprisingly accurate.

Its design has also been refined, with gold anodised aluminium around its edge,
a compact but stylish stand that uses little space, four HDMI ports, and the
ability to install a USB stick for use as internal storage.

Sony's TV is not a clear-cut winner in the TV race, though.

Its new backlighting technology does not have the same fine control over
lighting that OLED offers, and it stops just short of delivering the 12-bit
colour of Dolby Vision, instead using 10-bit HDR10 technology.

This TV's remote control also only uses Bluetooth for voice commands, otherwise
requiring a precise aim, and its Android software doesn't make use of the entire
web.

Sony's Z9D does deliver a superb picture, and an easy smart TV experience,
however, plus it asks serious questions about the future of TV technology.$6999
/ SONY.COM.AU

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               41 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Mobile World Congress: A look at major tech launches

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 1105 words


After CES, it's the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona or MWC that serves as a
global launch platform for all the big names from the consumer electronics
space. ET brings you a round-up of several new launches at MWC, most of which
are expected to reach our shores by mid 2014:

Androids with a Twist: Nokia's X Series

Nokia still enjoys a fair amount of brand recall, especially in emerging
markets. It's no wonder then that they announced a new range of entry-level
smartphones powered by Android. That being said, these are not your usual
low-cost Android phone - instead of the Play Store and the usual Google
services, they come with Microsoft services like Outlook mail, Here Maps and
OneDrive instead. The X and X+ have 4-inch screens while the XL has a 5-inch
screen. They all offer 3G with dual SIM support and are powered by dual core
processors. Expect sub Rs 10,000 prices for the X when it launches in April.

Samsung's MWC Blitz: Galaxy S5 & Three Smartwatches

As expected, Samsung took the wraps off its latest Galaxy S5 smartphone. Rather
than an all-new phone, the S5 features several improvements compared to the S4
including a better 16MP camera with faster autofocus, fingerprint scanner and
heart rate sensor (a first), all powered by a 2.5Ghz quad core Snapdragon
processor. Three new smartwatches also made their debut: Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo and
Gear Fit. The Gear 2 range now features interchangeable straps and is powered by
the company's own Tizen OS. The Fit features a curved OLED screen and is focused
towards fitness. The Galaxy S5 will be making its way over here in April for an
estimated Rs 49,990.

Vast Improvements: Xperia Z2 & Z2 Tablet

Rather than introduce completely new devices, Sony decided to drill down and
improve their flagship devices in every way possible. Both remain water proof as
before and feature similar designs. The Z2 smartphone offers ultra HD (4k) video
recording even though it uses the same 20.7 megapixel camera as its predecessor.
The screen is slightly larger (5.2-inch instead of 5) and it offers better
contrast and colours. It will be offered in multiple colours including black,
white and purple. The Z2 tablet is even thinner & lighter than before, features
the same size 10.1-inch screen but improved internals -- 2.3Ghz quad core with
3GB RAM. Storage is 16GB, but it can be expanded via micro SD. Like before, the
Z2 tablet will be available in WiFi and WiFi + 3G/LTE versions.

Tablet on a Diet: MediaPad X1

Huawei has really gone to work, redefining what a 7-inch Android should be like.
Billed as the thinnest, lightest and narrowest 7-inch Android tablet around, the
MediaPad X1 is just 7.18mm thick, has a bezel size of only 2.99mm and weighs 239
grams. The device is narrow enough to be comfortably held in one hand by most
users. Despite the diminutive size, Huawei has packed in a large 5,000mAh
battery, a 1920 x 1200 pixel 7inch IPS LCD, dual cameras (13MP rear with LED
flash + 5MP front) and 16GB (expandable) storage, all powered by a 1.6Ghz quad
core processor and 2GB RAM. Huawei expects users to keep it as a primary device,
so it also includes the ability to make phone calls. In an interesting twist,
you can use the X1 to charge another device, thanks to the large internal
battery. It should be priced between Rs 25,000 to 30,000.



An Affordable Trio: Lenovo S660, S850 & S860

Lenovo may be a top PC company but it's taking Android smartphones very
seriously too. The company announced three new smartphones, starting with the
S660 (4.7-inch, 1.3Ghz quad core, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage, 8MP/0.3MP cameras), S850
(5-inch 720p LCD, 1.3Ghz quad core, 1GB RAM, 16GB storage, 13MP/5MP cameras )
and the flagship of the range, S860 ( 5.3-inch 720p LCD, 1.3Ghz quad core, 2GB
RAM, 16GB storage, 8MP/1.5MP cameras and 4,000mAh battery). Lenovo also
announced the Yoga Tablet 10 HD+, a 10.1-inch multi-mode Android tablet with
1080p display, 1.6Ghz quad core processor, 2GB RAM, 16/32GB storage and 9,000mAh
battery.

Mid-range Monsters: HTC Desire 816 & 610

Not to be left behind, HTC announced the new Desire 816 and 610 at MWC. While
the Desire is mid-range, the 816 will be at the top of that range with a
5.5-inch display, 1.6Ghz quad core processor, 1.5GB RAM, 8GB storage
(expandable, with 128GB card support), front stereo speakers (BoomSound) and a
nonremovable 2,600mAh battery. It also has a 13 MP f2.2 rear camera & 5MP front
camera, all in a device just 7.99mm thick. The Desire 610 has a smaller 4.7-inch
qHD display and is powered by a 1.2Ghz quad core processor, 1GB RAM and 8GB
internal memory (expandable to 64GB).

Larger & Smarter: LG's G Pro 2

Expected to launch in March this year, LG's new flagship G Pro 2 is like a
larger version of the G2. It has the same back-mounted buttons and a new 'metal
mesh' back panel which provides better grip and is resistant to fingerprints and
smudges. The screen is a 5.9-inch 1080p unit while hardware includes the capable
Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad core processor, 3GB RAM and improved camera. LG
says that the G Pro 2 offers 20 per cent more effective optical image
stabilisation and 30 per cent louder sound compared to the G2. Sadly though, it
does not inherit the self healing properties of the LG G Flex. A new software
enhancement is the Knock Code security feature -- rather than just double tap to
wake the device up, you can have a secret knock pattern that wakes up and
unlocks the device in one go.

Design Déjà vu: HP Pavilion x360

Taking inspiration from the Lenovo Yoga range of tablets, HP's new Pavilion x360
is a touchscreen Windows convertible laptop with a hinge that can rotate 360
degrees. As you can imagine, this lets you use it as a laptop, tablet, stand or
a 'tent'. In tablet mode, the keyboard gets disabled to prevent accidental
input. It has an 11-inch 1366 x 768 pixel screen, Intel processor, 500GB hard
drive, three USB ports, HDMI out and has a starting price of just Rs 25,000
(estimated prices at time of launch).

More the Merrier: SanDisk's 128GB microSD

With everything going HD and beyond (Ultra High Def), people are running out of
storage space on their devices faster than ever. 64GB was the largest capacity
micro SD card available till date -- SanDisk decided that users needed more and
comfortably doubled that to 128GB -- all in a chip smaller than your fingernail.
Most of the new devices coming out this year (such as the new Samsung Galaxy S5)
already include support for this 128GB card. Note that this is also a class 10
card, able to read/write twice as fast as ordinary micro SD cards. It should be
priced between Rs 10,000 to 12,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               42 of 64 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2007 by the Vermont Bar Association
                      The Vermont Bar Journal & Law Digest

                                  Summer, 2007

                           33 Ver. B. J. & L. Dig. 46

LENGTH: 3798 words

FEATURE: COOL TECHNOLOGY FOR HOT LAWYERS

by Sharon D. Nelson, Esq. and John W. Simek

Sharon D. Nelson, Esq. and John W. Simek are the President and Vice President of
Sensei Enterprises, Inc., a legal technology and computer forensics firm based
in Fairfax, VA. They can be reached at. 703-359-0700 or online at
www.senseient.com.

   (c) 2007 Sensei Enterprises, Inc.

TEXT:

    [*46]  Most lawyers, if not quite technophobes, have a limited knowledge of
technology. Did the clock on your VCR flash a perpetual 12:00 because you
couldn't figure out how to reset it? Do you have a cell phone with five hundred
functions, about five of which you know how to use? If so, you are members of a
very large club. If multiple remotes befuddle you and you find yourself asking
your ten-year old for assistance to watch a DVD or get rid of non-English
subtitles, you are far from alone.

   Very few lawyers are adept at technology. Many of the rest wish they were,
knowing that technology can facilitate efficiency in their law offices. Really,
it is not always difficult or costly to implement. In addition, there are some
cool gadgets that can make you, well, kind of hot. You may even impress that
ten-year old. The fringe benefit will be making everyday tasks easier and more
secure.

   We'll cover several different items that will help bring your practice into
the twenty-first century. Some are physical and some are just procedural. These
days, no law office can expect to be successful unless it begins to harness the
power of the Internet and the significant advantage (not to mention the low
cost) of electronically communicating with colleagues and clients. Best of all,
there are additional revenue streams to be found from the tech world--and what
lawyer isn't hungry to drink from those waters?

   Below are our some of our suggestions for cool technology for hot lawyers!

Digital Cameras

   There should be a digital camera in almost every law office. Many of the
cameras can also capture motion footage too, but a good "still" digital camera
is an essential piece of equipment. You might use the camera to take pictures of
the plaintiff's accident scene, your defendant's crime scene, your plaintiff's
construction site in a breach of contract dispute, or just your good-looking
staff in order to post it on your firm web site. It's getting harder and harder
to find a 35mm film camera these days and even professional photographers are
using high-end digital cameras. Besides, a digital camera gives you instant
access to your photos without the wait for film developing.

   What should you look for in a digital camera and how much to spend? As a
minimum, you should purchase at least a 5 mega pixel camera. So what is a mega
pixel? A mega pixel is a unit of image-sensing capability for a digital camera.
In general, the higher the mega pixels, the better the resolution of an image
printed at a certain size. In other words, an image from a 5 mega pixel camera
will start to appear grainy before one from a 7 mega pixel camera as the image
size increases. Expect to pay a little over $ 100 for a good 5 mega pixel
camera. You almost can't go wrong with any of the name brand cameras, such as
those from Nikon, Canon, Sony, and Kodak. If you can afford it, get a 7 mega
pixel camera, which should last you for several years and is capable of
producing good-sized clear exhibits.

   What about the zoom capability? The most important characteristic of the zoom
value is the optical zoom setting. Some manufacturers tout 15x or 20x zoom
capability, but that's the digital zoom setting. Electronics are used to get the
high magnification factors and quality is less than optimal as the digital zoom
gets higher and higher. In contrast, the optical zoom is the capability of the
lens optics. Normally, values in the 3x or 4x range are more than sufficient and
will produce crisp and clear images.

   Many of the digital cameras also allow you to take motion pictures and store
them in MPG, AVI, or MOV formats. Check with the manufacture to determine the
storage format for video clips, as there is no single standard that all
manufacturers use. The video clip capability is a "quick and dirty" way to store
motion pictures. If you are going to be doing a lot of motion picture recording,
get a digital video camera, which is specifically designed for video recording.

   Memory for your digital camera is less of an issue since you can typically
increase the storage capability by purchasing additional cards. If you have
several digital cameras, try to get models that use the same form factor for the
memory cards. This gives you more flexibility since you can swap the cards among
different cameras. It is probably pretty obvious, but you can store more
high-resolution images on the larger memory cards. This may be particularly
important if you plan on storing a lot of video clips, which take up more
storage space.

Image Organization

   You should have some method in which to organize your graphic files. As an
example, you'll want to keep your digital photos of the intersection where the
accident occurred separate from the ones of your grandchildren at Christmas.
Lest you think this is a small point, we hasten to note that we have seen one of
our colleagues teach a CLE and accidentally pull up a photo of an unclothed
young lady. This is a very big "whoops." If you are using case management
software, then reference the digital photos to the particular case. A very
simple method would be to create a folder structure on your computer and just
copy the images there. It also helps to actually name the files with some
description of the actual picture. Digital cameras have an automatic naming
scheme, which doesn't help at all in identifying the picture contents. It is
much easier (and faster) to access a picture named 'Main Street Looking
South.jpg' then to try and figure out what a picture named 'DCS00129.jpg' is all
about.

   An excellent and free (lawyers love free!) photo organization software is
Picasa by Google. n1 Picasa provides an easy interface to sort and describe your
image collections. You can also touch-up your photos and even burn them to a CD.




   n1 http://picasa.google.com.

Thumb Drives

   USB thumb drives, flash drives, jump drives, and pen drives are all names for
a small portable item that is nothing more than a solid-state storage device.
We'll use the term "thumb drive" to refer to these wonderful devices that no one
should be without. The term "thumb drive" came to be because these hummers are
about the size of your thumb. Duh. They fit into the USB port  [*47]  of your
desktop or laptop. Windows 2000 and above have native support for thumb drives.
Many manufacturers also supply drivers for a Windows 98 system. The thumb drive
appears as another disk drive to your computer. Think of it as a large size
electronic floppy disk. They come is sizes from 16MB all the way up to a
whopping 16GB!

   What are the practical uses for a thumb drive? Since they are portable, thumb
drives are great for copying data from your work computer to take home. We
regularly copy our PowerPoint presentations to a thumb drive as a backup when we
lecture. If our laptop dies, we still have the presentation on a thumb drive and
can borrow another presenter's equipment. Reference materials and special
utility software are also excellent candidates for the thumb drive. If you are
recording your CLEs for online presentation, it is very helpful to have someone
attend with a thumb drive so they can download the speaker's PowerPoint, which
in all likelihood will not have been completed until the day before (or day of!)
the presentation.

   Another consideration is the security of the data on the thumb drive. These
devices are easy to lose since they are relatively small. Losing a thumb drive
with your confidential client data is not a good thing. Have you ever misplaced
your cell phone? 'Fess up now. If you think a cell phone is easy to lose, think
about a thumb drive, which is often carelessly tossed in a pocket. You'll be
lucky if you just end up with it in the laundry. It is remarkably easy to pull
out your car keys and leave your thumb drive (with all its confidential data) in
a parking lot. Several manufacturers provide software (usually via their web
site) that allows you to encrypt the data or provide a portion of the drive to
store encrypted data. Some of the really cool thumb drives even have biometric
access in order to get to the data. Just make sure that you scan in at least two
fingers/thumbs in case you try to emulate Emeril one night and end up with a
sliced finger.

Scanner

   As we begin to move towards a paperless practice, a scanner is a requisite
piece of equipment. Consider the Fujitsu ScanSnap S500 scanner. It can scan
double-sided color pages at the rate of eighteen per minute. The best part is
that this scanner costs around $ 500 and includes a copy of Adobe Acrobat 7.0
Standard! Acrobat alone costs over $ 250 if purchased separately. The previous
model (fi-5110EOX2) is no longer available; however, the S500 seems to be an
even better replacement unit.

The Palm Treo 700w(x), a/k/a The BlackBerry Killer

   We affectionately call the Palm Treo 700w device the BlackBerry Killer.
Research In Motion (RIM), the manufacturer of the BlackBerry, seems to have
escaped a death knell in the legal battles over the technology used in their
addictive little devices. Legal battles seem to follow RIM everywhere, with the
latest lawsuit involving the Texas company, Visto. While RIM was focused on past
litigation, a competitor quietly found a way to strike a blow to BlackBerry's
jugular. A major problem with the BlackBerry is cost. RIM requires the use of a
BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) to facilitate the integration of the
corporate e-mail server and the BlackBerry service. There is a cost for the BES
software and the hardware to run it on. Many small and medium-sized firms have
consequently avoided the BlackBerry and several large firms are considering a
massive exodus to a non-BES environment. The recent BlackBerry network outage
(over ten hours) has caused even more firms to investigate alternatives that
won't make them wholly dependent on a vendor with a single point of failure.

   Enter the BlackBerry Killer. The Treo 700w (or 700wx) is a Windows Mobile 5
device. Any Windows Mobile 5  [*48]  device with the Microsoft Messaging and
Security Feature Pack (MSFP) can connect with an Exchange 2003 Server with
Service Pack 2 and support the Direct Push Technology. This complete
implementation is at no additional cost and requires no additional server. More
and more corporations and law firms are moving away from the BlackBerry because
of cost and complexity issues, not to mention RIM's continuing legal battles. As
an added bonus, you can remotely wipe the data from the Treo 700w if it is lost
or stolen. We have first hand experience with the Treo 700w and Direct Push
Technology. We absolutely love it, with the minor caution that every once in a
while you do have to "reset" your phone. After all ... it is a Windows-based
phone, so why shouldn't it require a periodic reboot just like your computer?:)

iPods

   The iPod isn't just for music anymore. The latest versions of the iPod can
now store video clips along with music, podcasts, digital photos, and
audiobooks. Podcasts (a web feed of audio or video files placed on the Internet
for subscribers to download to their iPods) are one of the many implementations
of iPods. Podcasts include such things as the updated sports scores, latest news
headlines, radio talk shows, and even CLEs. The podcast is downloaded to the
iPod for later playback. This is the leading edge of legal tech these days. Many
lawyers now consider the iPod a "must have" device, especially if they have long
commute times or a lot of plane and airport time. n2



   n2 For more information on legal podcasts, check out
http://www.law.com/jsp/legaltechnology/PubArticleFriendlyLT.jsp?id=1133517911750
and the podcasts of two good friends, Tom Mighell and Dennis Kennedy, at
http://tkmr.libsysn.com.

   The iPod can be used to store any type of file and even be the destination
for your backup files. The portability allows you to backup your office computer
to your iPod and move the data off-site. The video feature is pretty cool, too.
You can download classic Disney or Pixar animated shorts, and over three
thousand music videos and hundreds of television shows from the iTunes store. If
you have any trouble, your ten-year old can be summoned to answer your
questions.

   One caveat concerning iPods (and any other portable device for that matter).
You must make sure that the iPod is charged prior to use. The authors recently
flew out to Honolulu for the ABA Annual Meeting. Both authors own the 60GB
version of the iPod Video. Guess which author's iPod didn't work for the entire
flight because the batteries were dead. J (Note from the guilty party: So where
was my tech support, John?)

Metadata Scrubbers

   While we don't think of metadata scrubbers as a hot technology because
they've been around for a while, we find that most solo and small firm lawyers
have not yet addressed the problem of metadata--these days, that's becoming an
invitation to be accused of malpractice. Metadata is generally described as data
about data. Microsoft Office products (especially Word) carry a large amount of
metadata; other vendors' products also carry metadata, although generally to a
lesser extent. As an example, metadata in a Word document would be such
information as the author of the document, date last printed, tracked changes,
last access date, document creation date, and embedded links.

   Lawyers handle a lot of confidential data. They also hand draft versions of
documents around for comment. The careful attorney will want to make sure that
the final version of a document sent to the client, court, opposing counsel, or
elsewhere is clean of metadata so that earlier versions, comments, and so forth,
are not recoverable. By this time, almost everyone has heard metadata horror
stories, including court briefs including such recoverable draft comments as
"Judge XXXX isn't very bright, but even a fool wouldn't buy this argument." Or
how about the partner who had his associate draft a very important contract for
a client and then billed the entire matter at partner rates? He's up on
disciplinary charges, hoisted on his own petard by the document's metadata.

   There are several products to scrub the metadata that vary in cost and
effectiveness. Microsoft provides a free metadata scrubbing utility, but it only
works with Office 2003. Trace! by Workshare, n3 is a free metadata scrubbing
utility. It is not an automated process, so you have to remember to run the
software each time you wish to review or scrub the metadata from the file. Our
personal recommendation is Metadata Assistant by Payne Consulting, n4 which
costs $ 79 and fully integrates with the Office suites. If you e-mail a Word
document as an attachment, Metadata Assistant will prompt you to scrub the
metadata or send it without cleaning. It is idiot-proof enough that the lawyer
half of this writing duo has been saved from herself more times than she can
count. Lawyers move too fast to be trusted to remember to scrub each document
they attach to e-mail. All by itself, the prompt feature of Metadata Assistant
makes it worth investing in.



   n3 www.workshare.com.

   n4 www.payneconsulting.com.

Auto Complete

   More and more, lawyers are falling into this snake pit, as their software
helpfully completes e-mail addresses as they begin to enter them. Make sure you
turn off the auto complete feature of your e-mail client. A large number of
attorneys use Outlook for e-mail access. Some think it's a great advantage to
begin typing a client name and have the software automatically complete the
rest. This is a recipe for disaster at best and more realistically,
auto-complete may mean auto-embarrass. This means that you could be typing a
message that you intend to send to Frank Jones. As you begin to type Frank,
Outlook fills in the rest of the name. You hit 'send' before seeing that the
auto complete inserted Frank Allen (opposing counsel) instead for the intended
recipient. Oops! The vast majority of lawyers using auto-complete report that
they have sent confidential data to the wrong party. This is not a roster you
want to see your name on.

Desktop Search Engines

   Ever have a need to find something on your computer when you have no idea
what the file name is? Enter the desktop search engines. Desktop search engines
are software applications that are used to find information on your computer.
You can always use the 'find' function of Windows, but there are many other
alternatives that are much, much faster and potentially more accurate.

   Probably one of the most "famous" of the desktop search engines is Google
Desktop. The Google Desktop is free (as we said before, lawyers love free) for
personal and internal business use. You install the Google Desktop and then
configure it to "point" to certain folders and file types. Google Desktop
indexes the files to aid in the search speed. Google Desktop does have its
limitations, so take it for a "test drive" and see if you need something more
robust.

   X1 n5 and dtSearch n6 are two excellent commercial versions of desktop search
software. Both are widely used in the commercial marketplace and very efficient.
You really can't go wrong with  [*49]  either of these recommendations for a
very robust search solution. A number of our law firm clients have implemented
these tools and regard them as invaluable.



   n5 www.x1.com.

   n6 www.dtsearch.com.

Laptop Locks

   It is just amazing to us that many of our colleagues leave their laptops in
their hotel rooms without securing them. All of the modern day laptops are
constructed with a locking slot to accept a laptop lock. The laptop lock is a
cable device with a key or combination lock at the end. The cable is wrapped
around a secure device in the hotel (perhaps the bed frame) and then it is
locked to the laptop. Kensington is just one company that produces excellent
laptop locks. You should be able to get a very decent laptop lock for $ 20 to $
50. In case you've missed the recent news stats, laptops are the number one
stolen item at airports and hotels.

Secure Laptops

   More and more data is being compromised because of laptop theft and loss. It
seems like the latest craze is to have your laptop stolen with confidential
client information. Even the FBI has lost hundreds of laptops, so you think
you're immune? Unfortunately, most attorneys have significant personal and
confidential information on their laptops and take no precautions to secure
access to the data. As a minimum, get yourself some encryption software and
create a "virtual disk" on your laptop to store information securely. PGP
(Pretty Good Privacy) is a very popular and secure software encryption
application that can meet your needs.

   Investigate biometrics if you need even more security. Our ThinkPad laptops
have biometric access just to get past the "power on" sequence. You swipe your
finger across the reader, which retrieves the data from the security subsystem
of the laptop. As with all biometric devices, make sure you register at least
two fingers, in case Emeril-emulation results in a lacerated digit. To make it
even more secure, the hard disk is "married" to the security chipset on the
system board. This means that the hard drive cannot be accessed if it is removed
from the laptop. With this type of configuration, the hard disk still has to be
in the casing even if you are trying to access the drive forensically.

Anti-Spyware

   Anti-virus software is no longer an option for modern computing. The latest
threat to the computing environment is spyware (Trojans, adware, malware,
keystroke loggers, root kits, etc.). We now have to install anti-spyware
software to protect us from these threats. The anti-virus vendors are beginning
to provide spyware protection in their products, but they are generally immature
when  [*50]  compared to vendors that explicitly provide anti-spyware
applications. Two very popular, effective and cost efficient products are Spy
Sweeper by Webroot n7 and CounterSpy by Sunbelt Software. n8 Both vendors offer
standalone consumer versions and centrally-managed enterprise editions.



   n7 www.webroot.com.

   n8 www.sunbelt-software.com.

Huge Attachments

   Some of you may have limitations for the size of attachments that you can
send with your e-mail messages. This limitation may be imposed by your ISP or
internally restricted by your law firm IT staff. It is not uncommon to have a
limitation of 2MB for a file attachment. What do you do if you need to send a
file that is larger? There is a free service--www.yousendit.com--that allows for
files of up to 100MB in size. You log on to YouSendlt and transfer your file to
their servers. You receive a URL that points to the file that is stored in an
encrypted format. You send the URL to the recipient and they download the file
from the YouSendlt servers in a decrypted form. Easy peasy, and once again, at
an attorney's favorite cost: zilch.

Mobile Hot Spots: Two for the Road

   One of our favorite technology gadgets is our portable wireless AP.
Effectively; we create our own "hot spot" in our hotel room while traveling. No
more Ethernet cables stretching across the bed and both of us can share the
single broadband connection at the same time. This is a great stride in marital
amity.

   So what makes this magic happen? We use the AirPlus G DWL-G730AP Wireless
Pocket Router/AP from D-Link. The product can be used as a router, access point,
or wireless network adapter. It costs around $ 55 and is really small for easy
transport. The DWL-G730AP comes with its own travel case, power adapter, and
cables. It is amazingly small at only 3.15"x2.36"x0.67" (LxWxH). It is an
extremely powerful little device and we never leave home without it.

Secure Internet Access at Starbucks, et al.

   Make sure that you do not transmit any sensitive information over a wireless
or unsecured wired connection. If you access your company e-mail via a web
browser, make sure you at least use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) by having the
https:// in the URL. If you connect to the firm's network, use a VPN (Virtual
Private Network), which provides a secure, encrypted connection for the data
flow. Mobile hot spots are a boon to network infiltrators, so it is imperative
to get enough training that you can connect securely. Mobile hot spots are
seductive, especially when free, but they require a duty of care.

   A little time and a little money can put you on legal tech's forefront. Then
when you're lounging around a pool in Bermuda remotely and securely connected to
your firm network, and the steel drum bands play "Hot, Hot, Hot," they'll be
talking about you--a hot lawyer with cool technology. You may even impress that
ten-year old.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Communications LawTelephone ServicesCellular ServicesComputer & Internet
LawCopyright ProtectionCivil Infringement ActionsOwner RightsAdaptationLegal
EthicsLegal Services MarketingAdvertising


                               43 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday

Sony opts for minimalist depth, maximum style

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1056 words


Less than 5cm thick, this TV can go up anywhere. In his monthly report on the
high-tech world, Phil Wakefield takes a good long look at Sony's X9000C.

--------------------

SONY'S NEWEST TV will turn heads even before you turn it on.

Calling the X9000C, which goes on sale this week from $4500, "super slim" isn't
mere marketing hype.

This ultra-high definition display is ultra-svelte, with a screen that's only
4.9 millimetres thick, making it the slimmest 4K LED TV in the world.

Most smartphones aren't as thin as the X9000C, which comes in 55- and 65-inch
sizes and can be wall-mounted virtually gap-free.

Rather than bulging out, like most big-screen TVs on a bracket, there's only a
four- centimetre gap between the X9000C and the wall.

The sumptuous minimalism is maximised by a frameless design that makes the TV
look like a sheet of glass from the front while the ventilation vents, terminals
and cable management system have been discreetly packed into the bottom half of
the rear of the panel (Sony hasn't compromised on the number of connections,
either, with four HDMI and three USB inputs, including one for recording to a
hard drive).

Ironically, the X9000C is even more eye-catching when mounted on a display
cabinet, where its fabulous physique can be appreciated from every angle.

Moreover, the TV's shallowness belies the sophistication of the technology that
makes it an otherwise hefty entertainment hub for the home.

Sony's opted to raise the IQ of its smart TVs this year by overhauling the user
menus to improve their appearance and functionality, upgrading the built- in
calibration tools, and, most dramatically of all, adopting Android as its
operating system.

So in addition to built-in apps like Netflix and Quickflix, you can use your
Google account to access hundreds of other apps as well as games, music, videos,
movies and your own cloud content.

The X9000C also comes with a dedicated Netflix key on one of two remote controls
(the other is a touchpad), voice search functionality and, with the addition of
a wireless keyboard, can double as a living room computer with a deluxe, eight
million-plus pixel display.

There's also Google Cast, which Sony likens to having Chromecast built into the
TV because you can throw whatever's on your Android or iOS device (or Mac or PC)
on to a much bigger screen.

So while the likes of Lightbox or the networks' catch-up services aren't built
in as apps, they can be viewed almost as easily using a Chromebook, laptop or
tablet (or FreeviewPlus).

There's no doubt the X9000C is a multi-purpose, multi-user powerhouse. But
what's it like as a TV?

All but the most nitpicking of picture purists will be delighted with it.

Sony has equipped the X9000C with the same technologies as its other high end
TVs, chiefly a new "X1" processor for maximising colour accuracy and "X-Reality
PRO" processing to optimise the resolution of any source.

There's also the potential of its "TRILUMINOS" capability, which is designed to
exhibit a wider, richer range of colours when movies start to be released in a
4K format that can capitalise on it.

(Expect this to happen when the first 4K Blu-rays come out later this year or
early next).

But even without this feature the X9000C astounds with its colours, clarity and
motion.

Don't buy it to watch standard definition sources - as impressively as it
upscales sub- 720p fare, it shines with high definition.

Indeed, in a world where 4K content is limited to a handful of programmes on
Netflix and clips on YouTube, you might wonder why pay extra for an UHD TV.

But the processing prowess of these TVs does improve HD broadcasts and Blu-ray
movies, lending more depth and smoothness to the image, while the extra pixels
make having bigger TVs in small rooms feasible because they permit much closer
viewing distances.

Where the X9000C doesn't match similarly specified rivals is in its relatively
weak contrast, with black levels almost as shallow as its frame.

Dimly lit footage suffers because of this, although generally it doesn't intrude
on daytime or evening viewing in a brightly lit room. But if you like to watch
Fear the Walking Dead with the lights off, the image will look washed out and
less detailed.

It's also noticeable when viewing letterboxed movies: the top and bottom bars
tend more towards dark grey than pitch black.

This is largely a consequence of the TV's unprecedented thinness, which limits
the screen to being lit around the edges rather than from behind.

Having said that, there's scant sign of the bleeding, cloudiness or vertical
banding that can dog other edge-lit (and even back-lit) LED TVs and in normal
viewing conditions picture quality is as sublime as the X9000C's design.

Audio was also surprisingly robust, with the invisible Long Duct Speakers
lacking only bass - although this could be rectified within the addition of
Sony's optional wireless subwoofer.

But for casual viewing, the TV speakers are fine, with dialogue easy to hear and
the audio customisable for wall- or table-mounting.

If you want better audio without going to the trouble or expense of getting a
surround system with separate components and speakers, team the X9000C with
Sony's stylish new lightweight soundbar, the HT-NT3 ($1300).

It's not cheap but the 400-watt, 2.1 channel soundbar comes with a wireless
subwoofer, supports high- resolution audio, decodes Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD
soundtracks, and has three HDMI inputs and one HDMI out with an Audio Return
Channel for connecting to a TV.

As well as doubling as an HDMI switching hub, replacing the need for a receiver,
it has Bluetooth and Google Cast for casting music apps from smartphones and
tablets.

It can be set up with Sony's SongPal Link app, pull music from the cloud using
Spotify Connect or Google Cast, upscale compressed rips or iTunes, and stream
songs to wireless Sony speakers in other rooms.

While Sony stresses the hi-fi strengths of its new soundbar, the HT-NT3 sounds
best with movies, delivering muscular bass and depth, solid mid-range and
refreshingly clear vocals that can be enhanced with a range of voice modes for
those who find the dialogue in modern movies often overwhelmed by sound effects.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Designed to look good without scrimping on features, the X9000C 4K TV can be
paired with the HT-NT3 soundbar, left, to ramp up the movie experience.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                               44 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Get tuned into the big picture

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, TECHNOLOGY WRITER

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 544  words


FAB FOUR To 3-D or not 3-D? That is but one question to ask when you take the
plunge into maxi-screen TVs

Choosing a smart TV means weighing up new-age features that can require a PhD in
physics to understand. For starters, there's Samsung's SUHD with its layer of
nanocrystals called quantum dots versus LG's new OLED (organic LED) with its
carbon layer that lights up as electricity passes across it. Confused?

How do you pick a good from bad upscaler? That's the feature that increases
broadcast resolution to 4K quality (3840 x 2160 pixels). More confused? At least
some choices are comprehensible to us mortals, such as: should your new TV be
curved or flat?

There again, do you want 4K resolution or just 1080p high definition, active or
passive 3-D or no 3-D? How many HDMI connectors on the back do you need to link
up your PlayStation, Xbox One, Wii console, DVR or set-top-box? How many USB
connectors? And which TV operating system do you prefer: Samsung's Tizen, LG's
webOS 2.0, Android TV on Sony or Firefox on Panasonic? Decisions, decisions.
Drowning in a sea of technicality, your litmus test may end up being: "Do the
Rabbitohs or Sydney Swans look great in their jerseys on this TV?" To help you
out, we asked four manufacturers to nominate a feature-rich set.

SAMSUNG 65-inch Series 9 Curved 4K SUHD TV SUHD is Samsung's new LCD with 4K
screen resolution, nanocrystal technology to increase colour range, and improve
contrast and brightness. It has a curved display that Samsung says offers an
immersive viewing experience, a revamped Smart Hub for apps and TV catch-up
services, a fast 8-core processor, two tuners, a 200Hz refresh rate, voice and
motion control and face recognition, four HDMI and three USB ports.

Model: JS9500 Price: $8999

LG 65-inch Curved 4K Ultra HD OLED TV LG is first to bring OLED TV displays to
Australia. The claim is perfect blacks, vivid colours and self-lighting crystals
instead of backlighting. There's the Smart TV operating system, webOS 2.0,
passive 3-D, a 6-Step Ultra HD upscaler engine, a single tuner and wide colour
gamut, powered by a quad core processor. There's sharing through WiDi and
Miracast, and you can issue voice commands through LG's magic remote control.
The set has three HDMI and three USB ports.

Model: 65EG960T Price: $9999

SONY 75-inch 4K UHD LCD TV Sony's flagship 4K smart TV features Google's Android
TV operating system with Chromecast baked in, and access to Google Play TV apps.
There's Sony's new X1 image processor to improve clarity, colour accuracy and
contrast, and the pro version of "X-tended Dynamic Range" for delivering black
blacks on a backlit LCD TV. The X9400C has powerful magnetic fluid speakers and
hi-res audio to complement the 4K UHD picture.

Model: X9400C Price: $11,999

PANASONIC Smart Viera 65-inch 4K LED TV Panasonic says its new LCD panels have a
wide colour gamut and offer improved colour reproduction. A feature called
"super bright panel plus" is designed to improve brightness, colour, contrast
and enhanced viewing angles. The TV software has media centre-like qualities.
You can stream live TV or movies to your smartphone or tablet across the world,
or to a device in another room. The TV uses the Firefox TV operating system.

Model: TH-65CX700A Price: $4299

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               45 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                               February 15, 2009

A touch of class

SECTION: THE MARKET

LENGTH: 2206 words


Touchscreen phones are fun. They free up lots of the phone's surface and
encourage activities like internet browsing and photo editing. It is not just
the iPhone that has a touchscreen, either: every manufacturer makes them now.
This does not mean that these devices are all great. Using a touchscreen phone
is far from a perfect experience.

Some models are clumsy and error prone, while others do not have fully
thought-out operating systems. (Texting is sometimes a casualty: because the
screen is flat and you cannot 'feel' the keys, tapping letters in takes longer
than on a normal phone.)

But as adoption of the format increases, manufacturers are starting to iron out
problems present in early models: Samsung's latest Pix on is a good example of
this evolution.

So which touchscreen phones are the best? On the evidence of the models reviewed
by The Sunday Business Post, it is a choice between Samsung's Pix on, Apple's
iPhone and Nokia's 5800. They are among five phones reviewed today.

Samsung Pixon M8800

Although the Pixon's headline feature is its eight-mega pixel camera, it is also
a fully-working touchscreen device with advanced features, attractively designed
in a slim black mini-tablet.

Overall, the Pixon has more positives than it has negatives. Using its
three-inch screen is pleasant: the screen system is very fast to react and
responds to finger taps with an (adjustable) vibration. This makes texting and
navigating the phone quite easy.

In general, Samsung has hit a good balance between iPhone style intuition and
Nokia-style menus.

However, the phone's crowning triumph is its camera. Samsung has thrown
everything into this camera and it shows. It is not just the clarity and detail
of the shots that the camera's eight megapixels give you, it is the set-up time,
which is under two seconds. When you take a shot, there's no tortuous
five-second delay until the camera is ready to shoot again; it's ready to go in
about a second. For this feature alone, the Pixon is worth considering. Its
video recording is also good quality.

As for its other features, the Pixon comes fully loaded. It has HSDPA mobile
broadband, GPS (using Google Maps), wi-fi and a radio. It has a 'widget bar' on
the side of the screen, which is fun to use. There are lots of widget
applications (weather, Google search, newspaper headlines) and it's a more
pleasant way to find an application than clicking into menus and sub-menus. So
much for the Pixons's strengths. What about its weaknesses?

Chief among these is the poor display of the screen in daylight. Even without
direct sunlight, the screen appears washed out and faded in daylight. This
sometimes makes it hard to make details out, and limits the benefit of having a
great camera.

The phone also does not have a 3.5mm headphone socket. For music fans, this is
unforgiveable: how can a multimedia phone in 2009 have a proprietary, fiddly
earphone connection?

The battery, too, is the weakest of any touchscreen tested for today's review.
The Pixon struggles to make it through a full day's use.

The device also sometimes activates itself inadvertently because of the position
of the 'screen unlock' button. This button is on the side of the phone: it is
impossible not to touch it when removing the phone from a pocket. This leads to
applications being opened, pictures being taken and other mishaps.

Finally, some multimedia websites do not prioritise Samsung for use with their
services. Multimedia users of websites such as Qik or Google Latitude will find
that these applications cannot be used on the Pixon. I also encountered
unexplained problems accessing Microsoft Outlook remotely, which did not occur
on other touchscreen models.

Overall, the Pixon is a very good phone with a ground-breaking camera and a very
usable touchscreen system. Rating: ****

Price:  280 on O2 billpay, available soon on Vodafone and Meteor.  430
(excluding delivery charge) sim-free price on Expansys. ie.

Nokia 5800 Xpress Music

The 5800 Xpress Music is Nokia's first proper touchscreen phone. It's a decent
attempt that largely holds its own against more established touchscreen rivals.

The operation of the touchscreen is fairly satisfactory, although more force is
required to activate a key than is required on the iPhone or other touchscreen
devices. A small vibration accompanies a successful button-pressing action.

Tapping out text messages involves a similar procedure to operating an ordinary
Nokia mobile, the only difference being that the keypad is on the screen. The
phone also has a touchscreen Qwerty keypad if you switch the view to horizontal.

The 5800's 3.2-inch screen is bright and reactive. Viewing it during daylight is
not a problem, except in bright sunshine.

The 5800 does not have an accelerometer, which switches the screen view from
vertical to horizontal if you tip the phone onto its side. Some people may
actually welcome this, as other phones sometimes jump too easily from vertical
to horizontal modes (especially Blackberry's Storm).

Despite being a touchscreen model, the 5800's main marketing attraction is still
music. In this aspiration, it ticks most boxes. The sound quality is excellent
and it supports wireless stereo Bluetooth as well as having an ordinary 3.5mm
headphone jack. It also has stereo speakers on it which, although obviously
inferior to proper speakers, can be reasonably compared to a small radio.

Getting music onto the 5800 is organised through a PC that uses Windows Media
Player. The phone doesn't have a lot of in-built memory (80MB), but does have an
8GB Micro SD memory card with it.

The 5800 has a decent, if not amazing, three-megapixel camera. It also comes
with wi-fi and a radio. It supports 3G HSDPA, which means fast web-browsing. One
of the 5800's inherent advantages over its touchscreen rivals is that it is
fully operational without needing to be completely intuitive. This is because
half the country already uses a Nokia phone.

So, the operation and location of the menus, features and functions are already
quite familiar. This is a different situation to, say, the Blackberry Storm,
where some acclimatisation to a new operating system will be necessary for most
Irish people.

The 5800 is not quite as swanky or swish as its rivals, but its practicality and
familiarity make up for its technical cutting edge.

Rating: **** Price:  415 sim-free from Expansys.ie

BlackBerry Storm

To most people, BlackBerrys are synonymous with e-mail gadgets. But just like
any other manufacturer, Rim (BlackBerry's manufacturer) wants to keep up with
these social networking, web-centric times. Its first touchscreen device is, by
and large, a good effort. Its screen has best-in-class clarity, is far more
powerful than other BlackBerry devices and can browse the web fairly easily.

Its email delivery system is largely unchanged. So in what it sets out to do, it
largely succeeds. But there are definitely a few issues with the way the Storm's
operating system handles things. Using the touchscreen sometimes leaves a little
to be desired.

First, though, the positives. Using a system called 'SurePress', the Storm's
screen 'floats' a little above the phone's surface. Instead of reacting to a
slight touch, you must press down on the screen for it to click. To scroll
through documents, a light swipe of the finger will do.

Using the phone to enter text is pretty easy, especially in horizontal mode (the
phone has an accelerometer, which switches the view from horizontal to vertical)
as a Qwerty keypad presents itself. In vertical mode, the shared key system used
on the BlackBerry Pearl is employed, so you'll need to be familiar with this to
use it quickly.

The Storm can do a number of things that aren't available on consumer
smartphones. Cutting and pasting is one example, using two fingers (at the start
and the end of the text).

The phone's battery life is good, with a single charge easily lasting a full day
of calls and web browsing. This is impressive for a phone with a 3.5-inch
screen. The Storm also has a reasonable 3.2megapixel camera.

But now for the negatives. Using the screen takes a little getting used to. In
particular, web pages seem to zoom in inexplicably at times when the screen is
touched.

Browsing the web, in general, is a mixed experience. The browser is okay, but is
a little slower and more awkward to use than any of its smartphone rivals
(iPhone's Safari, Nokia's Opera or Microsoft's Explorer).

The Storm also lacks wi-fi, so even if you're at home or in the office where you
have a broadband system up and running, you'll need to use up data on Vodafone's
network. But the 3G speed is pretty fast (about 2Mbs to 3Mbs in peak urban
areas).

The Storm's GPS feature is hit and miss, too. We struggled to get BlackBerry
Maps, its GPS application, to work properly.

It's unfortunate, too, that it's only available on one operator (Vodafone).

These are largely irritations rather than deal-breakers. In general, this is a
pretty satisfying evolution from Rim.

Rating: *** Price: From  50 on contract from Vodafone, plus monthly tariffs that
start at  50.

Sony Xperia X1

Sony Ericsson's only touchscreen phone is actually a hybrid model. It has a
slide down keyboard to match its touchscreen.

This is a phone that you will want to play with the moment you see it. It is
supremely elegant, with none of the plasticky effects of other models. It is all
so, so satisfying. Until, alas, you switch it on and start to play around with
it. It soon becomes apparent that this is a business only phone. The Windows
Mobile logo is the giveaway.

Windows Mobile is a system which is made for styluses rather than fingers. The
symbols are far, far too small to use with any human digits. This goes against
the grain of the current evolution of smart phones, which are being designed for
fingers.

It soon becomes clear that the X1's miniaturisation makes it hard to use
sometimes. The default settings for its on-screen text, fonts, icons and even
external buttons seem designed for a person with teeny fingers and hawkish
eyesight.

I know that this is a common complaint for those with large hands and failing
sight, neither of which I suffer from.

This design feature does not create problems with some of the manufacturer's
other models, such as the W890, but on a productivity tool such as the X1, it
becomes a real hurdle. Admittedly, you can reset the font sizes and also zoom in
on web pages.

But changing an external setting, such as the volume, sometimes resizes the
settings back. This miniaturisation makes inputting web addresses quite tricky,
among other things.

On the positive side, it has an attractive touchscreen 'panels' function. I had
little problem with the X1's battery life, which easily lasted a full day's
multimedia and voice usage. The call quality was also very good, even if its
maximum ringing and text tones were not loud enough to avoid several missed
calls and texts.

The X1 has a number of fairly advanced features. Its 3.2-megapixel camera is not
one of them, but it works fine. It also has a GPS sensor using Google Maps.
Rating: **

Price:  660 sim-free on Expansys.ie; not yet ranged by Irish operators

iPhone 3G

This was the phone that kicked off the world's interest in finger friendly
touchscreens. Two years on, demand for the iPhone shows no sign of abating. It's
not hard to see why. Despite the myriad of competitors, Apple's gadget retains
the simplest, best touchscreen system on the market. It is also a first-class
MP3 player, as it is an iPod as well as a phone. It is the best of the batch for
browsing the web, with its Safari browser and its advanced finger navigation
controls.

The iPhone is also the easiest phone to add features to, thanks to Apple's App
Store, a website where thousands of applications (games, lifestyle and business)
can be downloaded directly onto the phone. The latest version of the iPhone 3G
offers a whopping 16GB of memory, far more than any other touchscreen phone
(about 3,000 songs). All of these features represent the iPhone's strengths.

It does, however, have weaknesses. While its web browser is excellent, its
internet connection speed is not. It has a competent 3G speed, but well under
the advanced HSDPA speeds that most of its rivals now boast. (You can also
connect the iPhone over wi-fi, but this usually involves hefty charges.) Its
camera is a very underwhelming two megapixels.

For some bizarre reason, it cannot record video, a standard feature of modern
phones. Smaller things also irritate. The iPhone still does not offer some basic
SMS services, such as the ability to forward a text.

It is a pity, too, that you need to connect to a computer to download songs from
the iTunes web store (unless you find a hotspot to use, which costs anything up
to  10 per hour).

Most irritating of all is that you cannot remove the battery: if it starts to
die, you must send the entire phone off for a 'repair'.

Finally, the iPhone is tied to just one network, O2. While unlocking (or 'jail
breaking') the gadget is possible, doing so runs the risk of killing the device
once Apple's software updates are released and incorporated. For all of these
drawbacks, the iPhone remains the standard to beat for its touchscreen rivals.
Rating: **** Price: From  50 on O2 billpay

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               46 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                                November 3, 2008

The ultimate smartphone smackdown of 2008;
Smart phones get smarter, more personal

BYLINE: Keith Shaw

SECTION: Pg. 55

LENGTH: 3579 words


Next (HTC Touch Diamond) > No market has been hotter than the smart phone
market. Pacesetters Research in Motion and Microsoft are battling to stay on
top, PDA stalwarts Palm and HP are fighting to recapture market share, and two
new powerhouses have jumped into the fray - Apple and Google.Not only has the
vendor landscape changed, the products themselves have evolved. No longer can
(or should) a device be considered as a "business device only" or a "consumer
device only" - those lines have blurred. Today's smart phones pack as many
consumer features (digital cameras, multimedia players, games) as business
features (e-mail access, Office document viewing, VPN access). It's a
recognition that today's mobile worker is a 24/7 employee - needing access to
personal data during the day and business data at night.A recent survey
conducted by Artificial Life confirms this. Its survey of 200 cell phone users
showed that 46% are using their devices for entertainment purposes.

In addition, 87.5% of those who own a smart phone have accessed entertainment
content, including music, games and videos. One-third of those surveyed prefer
to use their cell phone for entertainment over any other purpose, including
e-mail, GPS or Internet browsing.With these trends in mind, choosing a device
for employees can be a daunting task. Company policy regarding security and
compliance is a major concern, as well as the ability to manage and configure
these devices remotely and centrally. Controlling costs for services (can/should
employees be allowed to download entertainment apps to the device?) is another
factor to consider. While these requirements may narrow your list, things like
whether a device has a removable battery may save your help desk support costs
when that mobile worker calls with a dead phone.Here are reviews of six of the
latest smart phones available for "business" users. (Watch a slideshow of these
products as well.)~~

< Previous (Introduction) | Next (Palm Treo 800w) > The skinny: At first glance,
the HTC Touch Diamond is a very nice looking phone, and seems to emulate all of
the cool features of the iPhone, including a touch-screen interface, slick music
player, digital camera, GPS and a circular button at the bottom of the phone.
But a deeper look reveals some fatal flaws - the core Windows Mobile operating
system seems to be getting in the way, and hinders a lot of the nicer features.
For example, the Touch FLO technology lets you access programs and some menu
items with your fingers, but for other options (like accessing menus and getting
back to the home screen), you have to either press a button at the bottom of the
phone, or hope that your big finger hits the right tiny button on the screen. I
kept forgetting that the four buttons on the bottom of the device (the Home
button, Back button, and Phone on and off button) had to be pressed - because
there's no physical button (the interface is flush), I kept thinking they were
touch-enabled like on the LG Chocolate series. Only after a few presses did I
remember that I had to push down on the icon to activate it. And like most
Windows Mobile phones, this device comes with a stylus, so half the time I was
trying to figure out whether I should use my finger or the stylus to get to the
program or menu option that I wanted.Because the device runs on Windows Mobile,
you get the Microsoft-endorsed applications that will let you do things such as
access Exchange e-mail, Office documents and Windows Live search, but you're
also stuck with the Mobile Internet Explorer browser. In addition, you have to
use ActiveSync in order to move music over to the device, and that requires
Windows Media Player 10 on your desktop machine.In the end, the Touch Diamond is
stuck between two worlds. It wants to be a hip, iPhone like device, but it's
stuck with a "serious" operating system that limits its ability to be cool and
new. Serious hardware flaws and interface designs only make this device even
more frustrating to operate.RELATED STORIES* HTC Touch Diamond: A well-designed
Windows Mobile smart phone* HTC's iPhone 3G rival, the Touch Diamond* Latest
news on the HTC Diamond Touch TECH SPECS:Operating system: Windows Mobile
6.1Cellular network: EV-DOWi-Fi: YesDisplay: 2.8-inch touch screenNavigation:
TouchFLO 3D technology offers one-touch finger control to access programs.
Buttons on the bottom of the phone allow you to navigate through menu options
and to access the home page or make phone calls.E-mail: Outlook e-mail with
Microsoft Direct Push technology, as well as access to POP3 and IMAP e-mail,
including AOL, Gmail, EarthLink and Yahoo.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks:
Synchronized through ActiveSync.Office document support: Yes, through Office
Mobile.Web browser: Mobile Internet ExplorerUse device as PC modem: No.GPS: Yes,
with Sprint Navigation application. Live search via GPS also supported.Storage
card: No, files stored on internal 4GB hard drive.Camera: 3.2 megapixel digital
camera.Multimedia: Sprint Music application plays over-the-air downloads from
Sprint Music Store; other applications can be sideloaded (via USB connection)
through ActiveSync and Windows Media Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (HTC Touch Diamond) | Next (Nokia E71) > The skinny: The successor to
the Treo 700wx model, the Treo 800w keeps the same "Palm device, but Windows OS"
model. Sprint's speedy EV-DO Rev. A network provides better downloads of e-mail
and Web access when mobile workers are out and about, and the built-in Wi-Fi
access comes in handy when in range of a Wi-Fi network. Enterprises should
appreciate the Exchange support and Office document integration, as well as the
support for Microsoft's System Center Mobile Device Manager 2008, which will
give IT a chance to manage a multitude of devices. VPN support and the ability
to remotely wipe a device's memory if lost or stolen should also be appealing to
enterprises. Because the 800w uses Windows Mobile 6.1, applications based on
Microsoft's .Net Compact Framework 2.0 and SQL Server 2005 will run on the
device.RELATED STORIES* The Palm Treo 800w and SQL Server: Another pleasant
surprise* Palm unwraps the unlocked 3G Treo Pro smart phone* Palm, Sprint launch
"business friendly" Treo 800w* Latest Palm Treo news TECH SPECS:Operating
System: Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional.Cellular network: EV-DO Rev. A.Wi-Fi:
Yes (802.11b/g)Display: 320 by 320 transflective touch-screen.Navigation:
Five-way navigation for menus, stylus provided and QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Outlook
access, Direct Push through Exchange (requires Exchange Server 2003 with SP2 or
Exchange Server 2007). Internet e-mail supported, including Gmail, MSN and
Yahoo.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Microsoft Office Outlook Mobile.Office
document support: Word, Excel, PowerPoint mobile versions, and PDF viewing.Web
browser: Mobile Internet ExplorerUse device as PC modem: Yes (appropriate
service plan required).GPS: Yes. SprintNavigation service bundled on device;
GPS-powered local search, maps and navigation available from Today
screen.Storage card: MicroSD and microSDHC supported (up to 8GB).Camera: 2.0
megapixel with 2x digital zoom and video capture.Multimedia: Windows Media
Player Mobile, Sprint TV.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (Palm Treo 800w) | Next (HP iPAQ 910c) > The skinny: The best
representation of the idea that mobile devices are designed for business usage
and personal usage is the dual home screen feature on the Nokia E71. By pushing
the "switch mode" button on the screen, E71 can switch between their business
e-mail and personal e-mail, for example, as well as other options such as music
player, Web browser and digital camera.Security features include support for
Secure Sockets Layer, IPSec VPNs, and Pointsec file encryption on the device.
The E71 includes a Symantec firewall and antivirus software, and also has a
remote lock and memory card password to add additional security.

IT managers can use Nokia's configuration tool and Intellisync Device Management
to configure, manage and update devices.

Enterprises comfortable with Symbian operating system devices can utilize the
operating system to create access field service management, sales force
automation and GPS applications.I do have a few concerns with the device and
with Nokia's support of corporate applications. First, the device is currently
unlocked, and some enterprises might want better carrier support.

You can still use the device on AT&T's network, for example, but won't be able
to buy the device subsidized from the carrier (some may argue that this is
better, anyway, and keeps you away from new two-year agreements). Second, the
company recently announced it was stopping its development of the Intellisync
mobile e-mail platform in favor of platforms from Cisco, Microsoft and IBM. The
company announced reallocating resources to a consumer e-mail push service (the
Nokia Email Service), which would be able to aggregate messages from Gmail,
Yahoo and ISP accounts directly into the phone.RELATED STORIES* Tested: Nokia
E71 3G smartphone* New Nokia phones targeted at enterprises* Latest Nokia E71
news TECH SPECS:Operating System: Symbian OS 9.2, S60 3.1 Edition
(E-Series).Cellular network: HSDPA, Wideband CDMA 850/1900 MHz, and quad-band
EGSM (850/900/1800/1900 MHz).Wi-Fi: Yes (802.11b/g)Display: 2.36-inchh display,
320 x 240 pixel resolution (QVGA), with two customizable home screens. No
touch-screen.Navigation: Five-way navigation and option select buttons, no
stylus, QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Supports IMAP, POP, SMTP e-mail. Corporate e-mail
supported through Mail for Exchange application.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Yes,
through Mail for Exchange software.Office document support: Symbian OS supports
viewing and editing of documents, spreadsheets and presentations. PDF documents
can be viewed.Web browser: Nokia browser supports HTML, WAP 2.0 and
JavaScript.Use device as PC modem: Yes, through Nokia PC Internet Access
application.GPS: Yes, through Nokia Maps application.Storage card: MicroSD card
support, up to 8GB of capacity.Camera: 3.2 megapixel digital camera with video
mode.Multimedia: Nokia-based music player, video player support includes Flash
video files (among others). Music can be synchronized through Windows Media
Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (Nokia E71) | Next (Palm Treo Pro) > The skinny: It's been a while
since the iPAQ brand name has been in the minds of smart phone users, but with
the HP iPAQ 910c Business Messenger, HP is hoping it will come back to the
forefront for business users. The device, backed by the support of the Windows
Mobile 6.1 operating system, is clearly in the "enterprise device" category, but
still has personal features such as a 3 megapixel digital camera and Windows
Media Player for music and videos.The device is slightly bigger than today's
smart phones, but that leaves room for the slightly larger screen and QWERTY
keypad - typing on the screen wasn't as harrowing as on some smaller devices.
The integrated GPS and associated Google Maps application added very nice
mapping features to the device. Like other devices in the Windows Mobile camp,
it integrates well with existing Windows applications, and users should be very
familiar with the look and feel of this device if they've used any Windows
Mobile (or even the old-school Pocket PC) devices before.Like some of the other
unlocked devices, lack of specific carrier support concerns me (the unlocked
phone drives up the price of the device, but then you're also not locked into a
two-year agreement). Overall this is a pretty solid device - nothing to get
super-excited about, but nothing that's a big deal-breaker either. RELATED
STORIES* Palm Treo Pro, HP iPaq 910c Business Messenger TECH SPECS:Operating
system: Windows Mobile 6.1 ProfessionalCellular network: HSDPA, drops down to
GSM/GPRS/EDGE when out of HSDPA coverage area.Wi-Fi: Yes (802.11b/g)Display:
2.46-inch, 320 by 240 pixel touch-screen.Navigation: Five-way navigation,
stylus, and QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Supported through Outlook Mobile
application.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Synchronized through Microsoft Outlook
Mobile.Office document support: Yes, through Office Mobile (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint).Web browser: Mobile Internet Explorer.Use device as PC modem:
No.GPS: Yes, with Google Maps application.Storage card: MicroSD card slot, up to
4GB of capacity supported.Camera: 3 megapixel digital camera.Multimedia: Yes,
through Windows Media Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (HP iPAQ 910c) | Next (iPhone 3G) > The skinny: Palm's latest smart
phone provides support for most enterprise functions (including a nice ability
to encrypt data stored on the phone), but also provides some "personal"
features, such as a digital camera and multimedia player. Mobile workers will
appreciate the removable battery and the ability to edit Word and Excel
documents while on the road. Because the device uses Windows Mobile 6.1,
applications based on Microsoft's .Net Compact Framework 2.0 and SQL Server 2005
will run on the device.The price is a bit high, so enterprises might want to
wait until a carrier provides a subsidized version (although users with SIM
cards that want to switch can do so without having to extend their voice/data
contract). This device includes Wi-Fi for faster data access, and GPS support
provides for local search and driving directions for mobile workers.RELATED
STORIES* Treo Pro unlocked in bid to lower roaming costs* Palm Treo Pro: A sweet
Windows smartphone* Palm Treo Pro, HP iPaq 910c Business Messenger* Latest Palm
Treo news TECH SPECS:Operating System: Windows Mobile 6.1 ProfessionalCellular
network: UMTS / HSDPA. Downgrades to GSM if not in UMTS/HSDPA coverage
area.Wi-Fi: YesDisplay: 320 by 320, transflective color touchscreen.Navigation:
Five-way navigation for getting through menus, stylus and QWERTY keypad.E-mail:
Outlook access with Microsoft Direct Push and HTML support (requires Exchange
Server 2003 with SP2 or Exchange Server 2007). Personal e-mail support includes
Hotmail, Yahoo and Gmail.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Yes, through Office Outlook
Mobile.Office document support: Edit native Word and Excel documents. Open and
view PowerPoint, PDF and zip files.Web browser: Internet Explorer MobileUse
device as PC modem: YesGPS: Yes. Additional service required for navigation and
turn-by-turn navigation. TeleNav service bundled with device.Storage card:
MicroSDHC supported, up to 32GB.Camera: 2.0 megapixel camera with 8x digital
zoom and video capture.Multimedia: Windows Media Player MobileRemovable battery:
Yes~~

< Previous (Palm Treo Pro) | Next (New smartphones on the way) > The skinny:
Enterprises shouldn't automatically dismiss the iPhone for mobile workers just
because it's made by Apple. The company has made an effort with the
second-generation iPhone to get into the enterprise, with features such as
Exchange support, remote wipe and VPN access. Whether enterprises will bite is
up to the company and how stringent their policies are regarding mobile devices.
For example, the camera can't be disabled; and enterprise applications either
need to be custom-built through Apple's SDK, or purchased through third-party
applications in the App Store. Companies that want to mobilize their existing
Windows applications for use on the iPhone will find this more difficult than on
other devices, where Windows Mobile integration with Windows is easier. The lack
of a removable battery is a deal-killer with many mobile workers. Heavy usage on
the road will require additional accessories, such as snap-on battery packs or
charging cables.Despite these issues, the iPhone provides the best mobile user
experience - the Safari browser best emulates a PC Web session, and the ability
to access thousands of third-party applications can turn this into the ultimate
mobile device for work and for personal use.RELATED STORIES* 3G iPhone at a
glance* Six common complaints about the iPhone 3G* Smartphone smackdowns: iPhone
vs. BlackBerry Storm | The iPhone vs.

the G1* Latest iPhone news TECH SPECS:Operating System: iPhone OS 2.1.Cellular
network: UMTS/HSDPA, drops to GSM/EDGE when not in 3G coverage area.Wi-Fi: Yes
(802.11b/g)Display: 3.5-inch widescreen, 480 by 320 touchscreen.Navigation: No
stylus or hardware, navigation all done through touch screen.E-mail: Support for
Microsoft Exchange (works via Outlook Web Access), Yahoo, Gmail, AOL, and most
IMAP or POP mail systems.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Can be synchronized through
Exchange.Office document support: Can view (not edit) PDF, Word, Excel and
PowerPoint files.Web browser: Safari.Use device as PC modem: NoGPS: Yes. Maps
application (integrated with Google Maps) includes list of turn-by-turn
directions, or you can track route and view live position.Storage card: No.

Memory storage on hard drive (8GB or 16GB).Camera: 2.0 megapixels with photo
geo-tagging (integrated with GPS).Multimedia: IPod application plays songs and
music.Removable battery: No~~

< Previous (iPhone 3G) | Next (Xperia X1) > New kids on the block: BlackBerry
BoldAstute readers may notice that I left out the major player in the smart
phone game, Research In Motion and its BlackBerry line of devices. While I could
have profiled existing devices (such as the Curve, 8800 series or even the Pearl
line), they seemed "old" compared with the newer devices we tested. And the
newest RIM product -- the BlackBerry Bold -- wasn't shipping in the United
States when our testing was being conducted.The BlackBerry Bold was announced
earlier in the year, and AT&T has said it will be the exclusive carrier of the
newest generation of BlackBerry device. The Bold is the first BlackBerry to
support HSDPA networks, and comes with integrated GPS and Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g),
as well as multimedia features. Running on a 624 MHz mobile processor, the Bold
includes 128MB of flash memory, 1GB of on-board storage memory as well as a
microSD/SDHC card slot, which is accessible via the side (earlier BlackBerry
devices hid the card slot behind the battery case). The Bold features a half-VGA
color screen (480 by 320 resolution), with a trackball that better mimics a
mouse to make it easier to navigate and view Web sites. The Bold includes a 2
megapixel digital camera with video recording features, built-in flash and
digital zoom. Multimedia features include a music and video player.Since being
announced in May, the Bold has appeared practically everywhere on the planet
except for the United States (you can get one in Canada, the United Kingdom,
Japan, Indonesia, Spain, Serbia, India, Romania, France, Spain, Luxembourg,
Malaysia, Singapore, Ecuador, Turkey, Austria, Germany, Australia, Hong Kong,
and Chile). A RIM spokeswoman said the Bold was being certified by AT&T
Wireless, but wouldn't provide any further details.RELATED STORIES* Orange UK
pulls BlackBerry Bold over 3G problems* RIM debuts Blackberry Bold* Blackberry
Bold Staves Off Business iPhone Migration* Latest BlackBerry news~~

< Previous (BlackBerry Bold) | Next (T-Mobile's G1) > New kids on the block:
Sony Ericsson Xperia X1Another smart phone attempting to pretty up Windows
Mobile is Sony Ericsson's Xperia X1 device, which made its official debut in
September in the United Kingdom, with launches in Germany and Sweden as well.
Other markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America are expected throughout the rest
of the year. The company said availability in North America "will be announced
by local markets in the coming months." The Xperia X1 is a converged
"entertainment and mobile Web communication experience," and includes an
arc-slider design, 3-inch touch wide-screen, and Windows Mobile (yes, Windows
Mobile). Users can tap on the customizable panels to choose different programs,
including checking e-mail, browsing online or enjoying music or videos. The X1
includes a full QWERTY keyboard for messaging, 3.2 megapixel digital camera
(with video recording), Internet Explorer and Opera 9.5 Web browser, assisted
GPS, and wireless LAN capabilities. The X1 is able to access HSDPA networks and
will include a microSD card slot for memory storage.RELATED STORIES* Sony
Ericsson courts Windows Mobile developers* Sony Ericsson releases Xperia* Sony
Ericsson & Microsoft's XPERIA: iPhone killer?

~~

< Previous (Xperia X1) | Return to the beginning > New kids on the block:
T-Mobile G1The current buzz is all about the T-Mobile G1, which includes the
open-source Google Android operating system (based on Linux). Launched last
month for $179 (for the requisite two-year agreement), the G1 made a big splash
in New York in September. Like the iPhone, the system can access high-speed data
networks (T-Mobile's HSPA or Wi-Fi), has a touch-screen for navigation and an
HTML browser with zooming features. The "Android Market" promises the ability to
add additional applications to the phone, a la the iPhone App Store, and Google
is hoping that the open source nature of the operating system will stimulate
lots of application development. One big question mark on this phone is the
device's lack of Exchange e-mail support - but T-Mobile says that third-party
development of Exchange e-mail support is likely.RELATED STORIES* Smartphone
smackdown: The iPhone vs. the G1* Security flaw spotted in G1 Google phone* FAQ:
What T-Mobile's new G1 phone will do for you* The 10 best Google Android apps*
First look: G1* Latest Google Android news


LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2008 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               47 of 64 DOCUMENTS



                              Sunday Business Post

                                  May 3, 2015

Laptop or tablet - or a mixture of both?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1107 words


There are two demands that dominate the laptop and tablet space today. Power and
weight. Users expect top-end performance without having to lug around devices
that are going to break their backs.

Size has dropped considerably in recent years, with suppliers finding it easier
to package more oomph into tighter spaces. The road, however, has been bumpy,
with some hybrid devices proving unwieldy for users.

The tablet that works like a laptop is, in many respects, the holy grail of
portable computing. Users want the functionality of both kinds of devices but,
crucially, with the weight and form of a tablet.

To date, only Microsoft has really succeeded in developing a hybrid with serious
performance, with its Surface line. The price of this range remains a concern
for some users.

Despite the hurdles, however, single service devices, ie, pure laptops and
tablets, have made significant strides in recent times.

Here, we break down some of the best options on the market to help you make the
right choice.

**Apple MacBook Air**

**Price:**from EUR 755.28

With Apple, there is always the caveat that some users will only buy Apple and
some will eschew it at all costs. For those in the former camp, there's a lot to
like here, with 1.4GHz of processing power, 4GB of memory and 128GB of flash
storage. On top of that, it comes with the iLife and iWork software packages,
incorporating word processing, spreadsheet and video editing programmes.

........

**HTC Nexus 9**

**Price:**EUR 308

The main appeal of the Nexus range, in both phones and tablets, was price for a
long time. Google's support meant that these devices performed at levels far
above contemporaries. Now, the Nexus range is in a price bracket more indicative
of its performance, and that means this tablet is swimming with the sharks. To
its credit, the Nexus 9 holds up reasonably well, but it's not the flat-out
bargain that the name once promised.

........

**Dell XPS 13**

**Price:**from EUR 1,219

Depending on specification, this Dell can be as thin as 9mm, although some
models go up to a still far-from-fat 15mm. The 13 inch device weighs between
1.18kg and 1.27kg, making it light enough to carry with ease. Picture quality is
the big seller here, with a 5.7 million pixel quad-HD display, effectively
packing more than double the punch of standard HD. The battery life of 15 hours
is impressive and, with extensions, can be increased by another eight hours.

........

**Dell Venue 11 Pro 7000 Series**

**Price:**from EUR 562

This Intel-powered device is a good halfway house for users who want more than
the Nexus 9 but aren't willing to go all-in on an Elitepad. With a 10.8 inch
full HD display, this is a device that is big but not too big and weighs a
manageable 733g. The Venue 11 comes with a stylus for note-taking and a choice
of 4GB or 8GB memory. It's not quite in Elitepad territory, but it's close
enough to be worth a look.

........

**HP Elitepad 1000 G2**

**Price:**EUR 1,405

This Elitepad is all about performance. At this price it would want to be. It
weighs 680g, is 9.2mm thick and it comes with either 64GB or 128GB storage. The
power is impressive and that's what is going to win over a lot of users to this
Windows based devised. It gets the job done with speed.

........

**Toshiba Encore 2**

**Price:**EUR 259

The balancing act with tablets is always a challenge. Staying light and thin
isn't a problem irrespective of power. Keeping the cost down while ensuring
impressive processing speed is. Toshiba has managed to get absolutely everything
it can out of a device in this price range, with the Encore 2 squeezing serious
performance into a package that won't break the bank. Again, it's not the
sexiest-looking device but you won't care about that at this
price-to-performance ratio.

........

**Apple iPad Air 2**

**Price:**from EUR 413.82

As with the MacBook Air, you either like Apple or you don't. In this instance,
it's another case of a device that will keep the fans happy. Weighing in under
half a kilo and just 6.1mm thick, this is about as thin and lightweight as you
could ask for. It looks shiny, as expected, and the display is a step up from
its predecessor too.

........

**HP EliteBook 1020**

**Price:**EUR 2,081

Very much on the lighter end of the scale, this HP weighs just 1kg and is 15.7mm
thick. If it's a compact device that packs a punch you are looking for, then
splashing out that little bit more on this device is probably worth it. Ideal
for videoconferencing, this device comes packed with a HD webcam, stereo
speakers and a dual-array microphone with noise reduction technology. This is
definitely aimed at the higher-end business user.

........

**Microsoft Surface Pro 3**

**Price:**from EUR 819

With the more consumer-focused Surface 3 due out in a few days, the Pro 3
remains the leader in hybrid devices. For all the price concerns, it's simply
got too much power and quality to ignore. This is, by a wide margin, the best
hybrid on the market, with ease of use in both laptop and tablet form. Users get
full performance on both sides. It's worth the extra bit of change.

All prices correct at time of publication

........

**Linx Windows 8.1 tablet**

**Price:**from EUR 115.95

This is a great entry-level tablet for a user who just wants the basics. For its
price, it packs a decent amount in, but there's only so much a tablet around the
EUR 100 mark can do. Don't expect lightning speed in terms of processing, but
with a 12-month subscription to Office 365 and plenty of options in terms of
video and audio, this is great value for what it delivers.

........

**Toshiba Satellite Pro R50-B**

**Price:**EUR 387

Toshiba doesn't really go for style, and that's absolutely fine. All this
company does is deliver affordable, durable, and effective devices. Weighing in
at 2.3kg, it's far from the lightest device on this list, but it's hardly a
bruiser either. It packs a 15.6-inch non-reflective HD screen into its frame,
enabling you to focus on your work in clear high definition with no glare. If
you are looking for bells and whistles, you would be better served adding to
your budget. Instead, look at this as a practical workstation that gets the
fundamentals done with no fuss.

........

**Lenovo Thinkpad X1 Carbon**

**Price:**from EUR 1,599.99

Lenovo has delivered a powerful device with its X1 Carbon. Unveiled at the
Consumer Electronics show in Las Vegas earlier this year, this Thinkpad claims
to be the thinnest and lightest ultrabook, thin but powerful style laptop, in
the world at 17.7mm and 1.31kg. The form is going to appeal to a lot of users
and with up to 10.9 hours of battery life it's ideal for users who work
extensively away from the office.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Post Publications Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               48 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           November 19, 2012, Monday

COMPUTE: Tablets, phones and e-readers for the holidays;
Build your holiday gift list with these great gadgets

BYLINE: Keith Shaw

LENGTH: 4969 words


By any stretch of the imagination, there's probably at least one item on the
following list of tablets, smartphones,computers or e-readers that you'll want
to buy for friends, family or yourself.

Holiday gift guide 2012 A quick guide to Network World's favorite gifts As part
of our 2012 Cool Yule Tools holiday gift guide, we're proud to offer up our
picks for this very popular category.

Note: Products are listed in no particular order or preference. Prices are also
rounded-up estimates from either the product's website or Amazon.com. Better
deals may be offered online during the holiday season.

Apple iPhone 5 $200 (16 GB), $300 (32 GB), $400 (64 GB), all with contract, at
Verizon Let's cut to the chase, shall we? The iPhone 5 is selling like hotcakes,
and is without question the best iPhone yet. Many users out there are
accept-no-substitute, die-hard Apple fans, and anyone in that camp who doesn't
already have one (yes, there must be one or two) is going to love this handset.

The core improvements over the 4S - a larger screen (four inches, 1136 x 640
Retina display), an 8-megapixel camera, LTE, dual-band (but still single-stream)
802.11n, faster processor, faster graphics, and even improved battery life -
might be viewed by some as more of the incremental enhancements we saw with the
4S. But most mobile power users will welcome these additions - and you've
undoubtedly got some of these on your gift list this year.

Now to the downsides. While the Lightning connector is technically an
improvement over the previous 30-pin version, one needs an optional adapter to
use older accessories. The fiasco with the Maps app gave Apple's reputation for
quality of product and especially experience (QoE) a black eye. And there's
still a feeling of closed-system thinking with Apple's involvement in cloud
services (via iCloud) and the App Store, but even I can argue that this is an
excellent path to ease of use and QoE.

In fact, after years of resisting, I now use a black iPhone 5 as my primary
handset, and the commonality with the iPad and Mac makes my work life easier.
But just in case you're not into Apple for whatever reason, or you'd rather go
Android, check out the Samsung Galaxy S III reviewed herein elsewhere. Just to
be on the safe side, I got one of those, too.

- Craig Mathias Samsung Galaxy S III smartphone $200 (16 GB), $250 (32 GB), both
with contract (Verizon Wireless) I agonized over the choice between the two best
smartphones on the market - the iPhone 5 and the Samsung Galaxy S III. I'm a
long-time (two years is a long time when it comes to handsets) Galaxy I user,
but Farpoint Group is today primarily a Mac shop. What to do? Well, I got both.

I really like the iPhone 5, but I must confess I truly love the Galaxy S III.
The screen is big (4.8 inches; 1280 x 720 - really!) and bright (AMOLED). It's
fast - very fast, with lots of storage, and it's very easy to use. You've
probably seen the TV commercials Samsung is using to promote its virtues over
the iPhone 5 (including such features as touch-to-transfer NFC), but the
decision will likely come down to personal preference - and there's a lot to
prefer in the Galaxy S III. Android is today just as capable as iOS (OK, we
could probably argue that one), the processor runs at 1.5 GHz., and one can add
up to a 64GB microSD card that's (with a little work) removable - as is, by the
way, the battery. The 8-megapixel camera can capture 1080p video.

Bottom line: just about anyone will be happy with this phone, whether you give
this as a gift or buy one for yourself.

- Craig Mathias Amazon Kindle Fire HD (7-inch model) $200 In the past, I was
never a big fan of the Amazon Kindle. I was firmly stuck in the camp of reading
physical books - the idea of having all of my books delivered electronically
never appealed that much to me, whether I was reading at home, in bed or on an
airplane. I liked (and still do, for the most part) turning the pages of a paper
book.

In the world of tablets, I've always been an iPad fan. Not just for its size,
but for the wide variety of apps and things you can do with the device. In my
house, the iPad is a magazine, a newspaper, a gaming device, an educational tool
(at least, for those times when my kids play an educational app) and a TV.

So imagine my surprise when I tried the Kindle Fire HD and absolutely loved it.
The size is perfect - it's not too big and not too small. The device's 1,280 by
800 HD display is gorgeous - the integrated Dolby audio and dual-driver stereo
speakers are phenomenal, for music and video viewing.

I love what Amazon has done with the interface. Other Android devices try to
emulate the iPad with its app-centric icons, making the user select an option
from hundreds of different locations. The Kindle Fire puts a user's content
front and center - whether it's the cover of the e-book that you're reading, or
the movie poster of the movie you're watching. It's a subtle difference, but one
that made it easier for me to get to the content I wanted to consume quicker.
Normally when you reach for a tablet, you know what you want to do - read a
book, watch a TV show or movie, listen to music. It gets annoying if you have to
turn on the tablet, search for the app, open it up, then look for the particular
piece of content you want to consume.

With the Kindle, it's turn on, choose the content type (books, music, movies,
etc.), and go from there.

While apps may take a small back seat on the Kindle Fire, they are still there
if you want to download them - because this is an Android-based tablet, you can
access tons of apps (although, admittedly, not as many as the iPad) to get your
Angry Birds fix, or view your Facebook or Twitter feeds. Anything you can do on
a tablet you can do with the Kindle Fire - making this a very customizable and
personal device.

Amazon ups the ante a bit with its other services as well - Kindle Fire owners
receive a free month of Amazon Prime, which offers free two-day shipping on
orders through Amazon.com (you can order directly with the tablet as well). The
Amazon Prime membership also enables the company's Prime Instand Video access,
which puts it up there in competition with Netflix in terms of free TV shows and
movies. The device also supports the Kindle Owners' Lending Library - you can
borrow more than 180,000 books for free with no due dates (although once you
borrow one, they put a time limit on when you can borrow another book), as well
as lend books to other Kindle owners. While these offerings do put you in the
Amazon ecosystem a bit more, these are options I quite enjoyed testing out.

I have one major complaint - the unit only comes with a USB charging cable that
recharges the battery via a computer's USB port, and recharging this device is
S-L-O-W. In order to get a faster charger that you plug into a wall outlet, you
have to hit up Amazon and pay an additional $20.

You now have many choices within the 7-inch tablet space - Google and Apple are
now strong competitors in this space, and there are still several Android
tablets (Samsung still has one) that you can look at. With the $200 price tag
(you have to view a "Special Offer" advertisement to get that price), this
should be high on your list if you want to buy (or receive) a 7-inch tablet.

- Keith Shaw Acer Iconia Tab (A700) $450 The Acer Iconia Tab is an impressive
10-inch Android tablet with a 1920x1200-pixel screen that's great for movies and
games.

Colors are clear and sharp, and content looks generally excellent. If you know a
frequent traveler in need of an option for Netflix and Bad Piggies (believe me
when I tell you that the Angry Birds sequel is a lot of fun on the Iconia Tab),
this might be a great choice, since it's focused heavily on media use.

In fact, you might almost say that the device is built around its exceptional
display, with little room left over for other niceties - we had some issues with
ours. For one thing, the touch sensitivity seemed in need of calibration or
something, because we had trouble getting it to respond to lighter touches. The
screen also seems to pick up fingerprints like it's investigating crime, as ours
was quickly smudged into a fog, requiring frequent cleanings. It's also kind of
hefty, and the styling isn't anything to write home about.

Nevertheless, used for things it's good at and when it's in the right mood, the
Iconia Tab is a pretty excellent Android gaming and video platform. It's tough
to see why you'd get one instead of a cheaper Kindle Fire HD or Nexus 7 for
general use or e-book reading, but for the dedicated mobile gaming enthusiast,
it's a solid choice.

- Jon Gold Motorola PhotonQ 4G LTE smartphone for the Sprint Network $550 or
$200 with two-year activation The big selling point of the Motorola PhotonQ is
the slide-out QWERTY keyboard. If you text a lot and are willing to accept the
tradeoff in terms of size and weight, this device has a lot to offer. We're
talking a legit keyboard with a top row of numbers/symbols, a big space bar and
raised letters with a nice feel to them. The tradeoff is that it weighs 6 ounces
and is a half-inch thick.

The phone itself is state of the art, with front (1.4 megapixel) and rear facing
(8 megapixel) cameras, the Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich OS, a 1.5Ghz
dual-core processor, and a 4.3-inch LCD display. The look and feel of the phone
is all business - black front and back, and the keyboard mimics a PC keyboard
with white letters on black keys. The phone features a ton of enterprise-focused
features in terms of security, privacy, and backup. There's also a data usage
indicator, Bluetooth tethering, mobile hotspot capability, VPN settings,
near-field communication (NFC), plus all the apps and widgets you'd expect on an
Android device.

Unfortunately, we were not able to get 4G service in the suburbs west of Boston,
and that's something potential customers need to consider when going with a
carrier that promises 4G.

- Neal Weinberg Fujitsu LifeBook U772 $1,680 Sometimes the most difficult person
to buy for on your holiday list is the one who has everything, but sometimes
it's the person who's all work and no play. If you find yourself in this
situation, have no fear - Fujitsu has come to your rescue.

The Fujitsu Lifebook U772 is a slim line ultrabook that's all business. It has a
lightweight three-pound magnesium-alloy frame that makes it a perfect machine to
travel with. There were many times over the past few months I would opt to take
the Lifebook with me over my Lenovo and MacBook Pro.

I have a confession, I am a huge offender of closing my laptop and taking it on
the run. Because of the U772's Solid State Drive (SSD), I didn't have to worry
about putting the laptop in standby mode first. Having an SSD also aided in
providing excellent battery life for the notebook. After a full charge the 45Wh
battery lasted me a little more than a very impressive 7 hours.

Another thing I really appreciated about the Lifebook was the vibrancy of the
colors on the display - while it has a substandard 1,366 by 768 resolution, the
colors are more robust than on many other notebooks I've seen. The black pixels
were more solid and the colors more rich. It also helps that the U772's 13-inch
frame allows for a 14-inch diagonal display.

An additional feature that will catch your attention is the ports - the U772
houses an HDMI port as well as two USB 3.0 ports, a third USB 2.0 port and an
integrated card reader (SD, SDHC, SDXC). The machine also boasts a HD webcam
with 1280 x 800 pixels with status indicator light and digital microphone.

The U772's Internet connection is a blessing and a curse. The good news -
wireless options aren't just limited to the 802.11n WLAN - you can have an
optional 3G connection through a SIM card, as well as connecting through
Bluetooth. The bad news - like other ultrathin notebooks of this generation, it
lacks a real Ethernet port. Even though the notebook offers an Ethernet
connection, it's not through a standard port on the back or side, but rather a
non-standard slim port that requires a port adapter. This became a huge downfall
for me, as there were several times I found myself without the adapter, and
therefore without Internet. For those who might use the U772 in the office as
well as on the road and at home, the Lifebook is equipped with a port replicator
docking connection. Even though in most business environments the use of a
docking station would solve this problem, when you're on the road it's just one
more (very small) thing to keep track of.

The U772 is a wiz at security, featuring Intel's Anti-Theft Technology and an
integrated Computrace BIOS tracking agent. It also comes with an integrated
fingerprint scanner that provides simple biometric security. Also I felt with
its 2GHz Intel Core i7-3667U dual-core processor and 4GB of DDR3 it could easily
compete with some of the other quad-core machines on the market. The machine's
performance certainly is strong enough for most professional applications.

Overall the machine packs enough punch to perform with even the most demanding
business applications, as well as offering graphics rich enough to enjoy casual
games. You can compare this to the Sony VAIO Z13 (retails at $1,999), but at the
cost of $1,679 direct from Fujitsu, this comes across as a better deal.

- April Ramalho Google Nexus 7 tablet $200 (16 GB); $250 (32 GB) Sure, the iPad
mini is getting all the headlines, but gift-givers everywhere should at least
consider the Nexus 7 from Google.

If you're thinking about an iPad mini, the battle really boils down, as usual,
to iOS vs. Android. But I'm going to contend that (a) there's not really much
difference between the two anymore (the Nexus 7 ships with Jelly Bean, which is
the best Android ever), and (b), at $200 (16 GB model; 32 costs a little more),
the Nexus 7 is $130 cheaper.

Beyond those features, the Nexus 7 is slim, light, and fast. The 1280 x 800
screen is gorgeous. It comes with a complete array of personal productivity
software, and there's of course lot more in the Google Play store. I use mine
mostly as a take-everywhere browser, with a lot more screen context than a
handset and very intuitive operation - indeed, even iOS-o-philes should be able
to pick this up with little trouble. It's a great portable video player. Yes,
there's a gyroscope and accelerometer for gaming.

Anyone who balks at one of these in place of an iPad truly hasn't spent enough
time with it - I'm convinced that most people will be absolutely thrilled after,
oh, I don't know, about three minutes or so. Besides, one can never have too
many tablets, especially one as good as the Nexus 7 is. Highly recommended as a
gift - and get one for yourself!

- Craig Mathias nComputing L300 Thin Client $170 (Amazon) Given the raw power of
today's Windows-based PCs, it makes sense to share one across multiple users. I
don't mean logging out and letting someone else log in, but rather putting
another user - keyboard, monitor, audio and mouse - on the PC you already have.

That's exactly the point of the nComputing L300 - this tiny box has connection
for the aforementioned peripherals, plus USB, and it connects to the host PC via
Ethernet (you can even connect via wireless bridge - it works great!).

The effect is what you'd think - another simultaneous user without needing to
buy and manage yet another PC.

One word of warning - the required vSpace server software doesn't run on Windows
7 Home edition; you need Pro. But getting it up and running, and staying that
way, is otherwise easy to do.

Graphics performance was excellent, although it might not be enough for hardcore
gamers. But running a Web browser, office software and similar applications was
essentially as good an experience as on the native PC itself. I've used many
nComputing thin clients over the years - this is the best one yet. And yes, it
makes for a great gift for any Windows-using techie on your gift list.

- Craig Mathias Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13 Starts at $1,000 The idea behind the
IdeaPad Yoga 13 is that an ultrabook needs to be flexible, hence the yoga
terminology/brand. This very thin and light device can be a Windows 8 notebook,
a tablet and viewing screen, all depending on which way you bend back the
screen. The notebook's screen has a unique hinge that lets you flip around the
entire notebook so it falls back on itself, making this a quite large tablet. Or
you can create an upside-down V shape and use it like a screen to watch movies
(it brings the display closer to the viewer), such as from the Netflix app. The
final mode, Stand mode, basically flips the display away from the user, which
would be great for presentations in a board room.

The notebook does have Windows 8 on it, so the screen is touch-enabled. This
lets you use your finger to navigate through the Metro interface on Windows 8,
which didn't feel as uncomfortable as I thought it would (I still have my doubts
about using touch on a desktop system or very large monitor). I preferred
connecting a mouse to the notebook, but it does have a trackpad if you prefer
those, or don't want to carry any extra accessories.

The technical specifications are quite impressive - Intel Core i3, i5 or i7
processor, 4GB or 8GB of DDR3 memory, Intel HD Graphics 4000 graphics, 1
megapixel HD integrated webcam (720p), a 13.3-inch display (16:9 widescreen,
1,600 x 900 resolution), two USB ports (one USB 2.0, the other USB 3.0), HDMI
output, memory card reader (SD and MMC), and integrated 802.11b/g/n Wi-Fi and
Bluetooth wireless.

I'm still not a big fan yet of Windows 8 (there is a learning curve / comfort
level that needs to be met), but if your gift recipient (or your company)
requires a Windows 8 notebook, you might as well give them something that's cool
to operate and nice to look at. The flexibility of the Yoga 13 gives you
features and experiences that a normal notebook doesn't.

- Keith Shaw Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon Starts at $1,250 I'm not sure we'll be
seeing a lot of these under the tree or in holiday gift bags this season, but
not because it's not a great product. The ThinkPad X1 Carbon is a very nice
business notebook within the Ultrabook class of thin and light notebooks.

But it's more likely to make the IT team's gift list at the procurement holiday
party rather than one of your kids' or friends' or family's list.

Still, it's worth noting that for an ultrabook aimed at the business user, the
X1 Carbon is very, very nice. Features include a solid carbon fiber top cover,
Lenovo's RapidCharge (if you charge the battery for 35 minutes you get 5 hours
of battery life), Dolby Home Theater v4, a coated glass multi-gesture touchpad
and remote manageability via Lenovo's vPro.

Technical specifications include an Intel Core i5 processor, integrated Intel HD
graphics, up to 8GB of DDR3 memory, a 14-inch anti-glare display (1,600 x 900
resolution), choice of either 128GB or 256GB Solid State Drive, 720p HD webcam,
two USB ports (one 2.0 and one USB 3.0), a 4-in-1 SD card reader, Ethernet port
(only via USB dongle), Bluetooth and 802.11n Wi-Fi.

The X1 Carbon can also be connected to Lenovo's USB 3.0 Dock, which lets you
connect up to two external monitors, a Gigabit Ethernet connection,
headphones/speakers, USB devices (printer, scanner, keyboard, mouse) and
provides faster access to attached external storage drives (with the idea that
you'd transfer via USB 3.0 instead of USB 2.0). I don't see a road warrior using
this, but the Dock would be a nice addition to have in their cubicle or office
when they're not traveling.

The unit we tested had Windows 7 on it, but Windows 8 is also available for this
system (but without the touchscreen-enabled features).

- Keith Shaw Motorola DROID RAZR M (Verizon Wireless) $100 (plus service,
two-year agreement) If you want a great Android smartphone experience without
breaking your budget, the $100 DROID RAZR M from Motorola belongs on your
shopping list. The very thin and light smartphone (it's slightly bigger than an
iPhone 5, but not by much) is powered by a 1.5 GHz dual-core processor, and
sports access to Verizon's 4G LTE wireless network, has a 4.3-inch AMOLED screen
(960 x 540 resolution) and a whole bunch of Google applications.

The RAZR M is the first Android device from Verizon Wireless to come
pre-installed with the Google Chrome web browser, making a better web experience
for users than previous mobile browsers. Other apps include access to Google
Play (the Android app store), Google Maps, Google Plus and YouTube, among
others.

Hardware features include an 8-megapixel digital camera for photos/video, a
front-facing HD camera (0.3-megapixels, 720p recording), 8GB of internal memory
(with support for up to 32GB via microSD card).

The device runs the Ice Cream Sandwich version of Android's OS (4.0.4), but I
believe Verizon announced that Jelly Bean (4.1/4.2) would be rolled out to the
phone (advice - check with the sales person to see if it will get the upgrade).

The phone feels great in your hand - I've been testing many larger phones from
Samsung for the holiday guide, so it was nice to hold a smaller and lighter
phone in my hand for a bit.

This phone comes highly recommended for people who want a good Android
smartphone at a reasonable price.

- Keith Shaw Samsung Galaxy Note II (tested with T-Mobile service) $370 (plus
service, two-year agreement) There's a reason that Samsung is using basketball
star Lebron James in commercials to show off its new smartphone - his hands are
so big, it looks like he's holding a regular smartphone.

For those of us mere mortals, holding the Galaxy Note II will make us feel like
we're holding a miniature tablet. If you're going to use this as a phone and
hold it up to your ear, you're going to feel pretty silly - or feel like you're
back in the '90s with one of those giant brick-like phones that you needed an
extra battery bag to carry along with the phone.

But I suppose if you use the phone's speaker or a hands-free Bluetooth headset
to talk with, you'll never have to put the phone up to your ear. Then you can
take advantage of the device's 5.5-inch Super AMOLED screen with its quad-core
1.6 GHz processor in other ways. The device is supposed to combine the best
features of a smartphone, while giving you added benefits from a mini-tablet.
Samsung includes a stylus pen with the Galaxy Note II, which can be used to tap
out things on the on-screen keyboard, or to use with a number of handwriting and
drawing type applications. If you've been a veteran of mobile devices, the
stylus and screen of the Galaxy Note II will bring you back to the days of the
Palm Pilot.

But the Palm Pilot had nothing in terms of applications and hardware specs like
the Galaxy Note II. In addition to the processor and large screen, the Note II
sports a 1080p camcorder with its 8-megapixel digital camera, a front-facing
2-megapixel webcam, 16GB of built-in memory, plus a microSD card slot (up to
32GB).

The device also includes a ton of applications, including all the Google
-supported Android apps alongside the Jelly Bean OS.

If you don't mind a giant screen for your smartphone, or like the idea of a
hybrid phone/tablet, then the Galaxy Note II will fit the bill quite nicely.

- Keith Shaw Pantech Flex Android smartphone (AT&T) $50 (with two-year
agreement) In the world of smartphones, there's models like the iPhone 5,
Samsung Galaxy S III and Motorola DROID - they tend to cater to the high-end,
super power user who don't mind spending $300 or so every time a new one comes
out.

For the rest of the world (those who might have to pay for their own phone
rather than having an expense account), we get phones from Pantech. The Flex is
their latest Android 4G LTE phone (on AT&T's network) - a successor to the Burst
model.

The hardware, though, is still impressive for a "low-end" smartphone - it's
powered by a 1.5GHz dual-core processor, has a 4.3-inch Super AMOLED screen, an
8-megapixel rear-facing digital camera, 2-megapixel front-facing camera, and it
runs the Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) operating system (if you get this, get
an update from AT&T regarding an upgrade to Jelly Bean).

On the software side, customers can choose between a traditional Android
experience, or pick the Pantech "Easy Experience", which reveals "one simplified
home screen with a streamlined menu, with quick access to contacts, features and
apps. If you've ever tried or seen a regular Android phone's interface, it can
overwhelm first-time users with a bunch of boxes, special offers and other
carrier-inspired "bloat" in a way to try to make their phone unique. The Easy
Experience interface makes the opening menu look more like an older cell phone,
with large buttons for Camera, Messages, Phone and Web. You can also create
Shortcuts out of your apps, or access apps via the Menu button. A very large
time and date indicator are also on the display, with the ability to add weather
data for your city as well. Even the unlock screen is simplified - instead of a
lock that you slide to unlock, you switch a virtual light switch from off to on.
The unlock switch is interesting in the regular mode as well - you get a circle
that lets you immediately access apps like the camera, phone or messaging -
starting up those apps faster than a normal "unlock, then look for the apps
across your field of icons." Very nice on both counts.

Overall I got the feeling that this phone was meant for older folks (like my
father-in-law), rather than for kids or even younger adults. Why? Maybe it was
the large fonts on the Easy Experience screen. Or maybe it was the pre-bundled
"Pill Reminder" app, which lets you set alarms for when you have to take your
medication.

But I did like this phone, and if you are looking to save some money but still
want a good smartphone experience, check out the Pantech Flex.

- Keith Shaw Amazon Kindle Paperwhite $120 The new Kindle Paperwhite is, quite
simply, a threat to the paper book. It is the perfect balance of weight (7.5
ounces), tactile feel (a nice rubbery grip), screen (backlit for low light, but
outstanding black text for bright light), and utility (easy to use, and a
pleasure to read).

The Paperwhite only has one button, the on/off button, but otherwise all
controls are screen-based. The $120 version we tested was Wi-Fi only (3G is $60
more) and "with special offers," which means some of the welcome screens feature
promotions (the promotion-free version adds $20 to the cost which, in our
estimation, isn't worth it given the ads are so innocuous).

Controls are simple and intuitive and books download in a flash (a 322-page book
downloaded on my home Wi-Fi network in less than 10 seconds). You can turn pages
by touching the right side of the screen, which refreshes the screen in just
under a second, which is fine, but some of the controls -- say, when you are
scrolling a list of titles -- are based on swiping. If you're used to the
responsiveness of an iPad, the swiping motions are sluggish.

That said, the primary controls used to navigate reading material, which this
device is optimized for, are outstanding and the Paperwhite is an outright
winner, the culmination of years perfecting the alternative to the book. The
alternative has arrived.

- John Dix Samsung Galaxy Victory (Sprint) $50 (with two year contract) The
Samsung Galaxy Victory is an impressive little phone. It is only offered through
Sprint, and is $50 with a two-year contract.

If you want a smartphone on a budget that has a great list of features, it's
well worth it. The form factor is really nice, with a screen size that is just
right - not too small, not too large. At almost five ounces, it's certainly not
the lightest phone available, but it feels solid in your hand. The curved back
also makes it comfortable to hold if you decide to use it as a traditional
phone! While it's not the flashiest phone available, there is nothing to
complain about either.

From the moment you start to use the Victory, you'll be impressed by the speed
of the 4G service. Even websites that are not optimized for cell phone browsing
load quickly and easily. Without the 4G speed, this phone would be far less
impressive, but the speed of downloads makes features like the "Media Hub"
really practical.

There are both front and rear facing cameras, both with decent quality. There is
a dedicated camera button that is well positioned, and switching between the
front and rear facing cameras only requires a touch of a button. The pictures
can be edited right on the phone, which is also fun to play around with. The
phone also has a MicroSD card slot, which allows you to add up to 32GB on top of
the 4GB of built-in storage. Finally, this phone can be used as a hotspot, which
might not be something you'll use every day, but is a handy option, especially
if you travel often. This phone is billed as a media-focused device, and it
definitely pushes that on the home screens. The speakers and brightly lit screen
are both a nice quality, so being able to expand the memory means you can carry
a lot of movies and music and comfortably use them on the go.

If there is a drawback to this phone, it's the Android operating system. If you
are switching over to Android from Blackberry or iPhone, you'll find the Android
system initially frustrating. There is a large learning curve (I'll admit, it
took me longer than it should have to figure out how to search for and download
apps). However, it is customizable nicely if you give it time. I like that you
can set shortcuts from the lock screen, like the default for getting into the
camera.

Overall, this is a fantastic value for a smartphone. It has a surprising amount
of features, and the more you use it the more you'll discover. For $50 it's
tough to go wrong, especially since Sprint still offers unlimited data.

- Claire Kiely



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               49 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 6, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Review: Microsoft Nokia X2 dual-sim launched, pricey but good improvement over
Nokia X

LENGTH: 836  words


Microsoft has launched the successor of the Nokia X Android phone (with Nokia X
software) - the Nokia X2 yesterday, as another addition in the budget Smartphone
segment with Android platform.

The X2 is dual sim phones that comes with a 4.3 inch ClearBlack LCD display with
a display resolution of 480 x 800 pixles. This sound a bit small in display
screen size, since most of the phones that are launching recently are either 4.7
inchers of 5 inchers.

The Nokia X2

The new Nokia X2 comes powered with a dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200
processor that is clocked at 1.2GHz. It is difficult to understand why to Nokia
packed the new phone with a Snapdragon 200 processor when its competitors at INR
5,999 can pack Snapdragon 400 processor inside. We are talking about the Xiaomi
RedMi 1S that comes with a quad-core processor clocked at a speed of 1.6 Ghz.

Talking about the camera the X2 packs a 5-megapixel autofocus primary camera on
the back side with LED flash and here is a front camera to in the phone (the
camera capacity of the front camera is not revealed yet). This is definitely an
improvement over the Nokia X which had 3.2 megapixel primary camera and no
secondary camera. Moto E had a primary camera but t lacked a front camera.

When you look at the Lava Iris X1 which is price about an INR 1,000 less than
the Nokia X, you get an 8 megapixel primary shooter. This phone also has an 8 GB
internal memory besides the 32 GB expandable memory, and yes, the display screen
is 4.5 inches in size.

The Nokia X2 sports a, while there a front-facing camera (unspecified
resolution) also onboard. The Smartphone is backed by an 1800mAh battery that's
rated to deliver up to 10 hours of 2G talk time and up to 86 hours of continuous
music playback.

The Nokia X2 features 4GB of built-in storage, which is expandable via micro
SDcard (32GB) and 7GB cloud storage on OneDrive.

Enhancing user experience

On operating system, While Microsoft sticks to the live tile based interface,
most of the budget Smartphones (except Xiaomi RedMi 1S, which comes with MI user
interface) come with stock Android operating system.

A pull-down notifications tab (pretty much like the one in most of the Android
smartphone, look at the picture on the left side) also allows people to glance
at connectivity options as well as actionable items, such as software updates
available for download. Also there is a new home key and visual multitasking
complete the experience.

On Nokia X2 users can choose between three types of screens to facilitate
navigation, a colorful home with resizable tiles, Fastlane to access recent apps
and future calendar items or a Lumia-inspired apps list, from which people can
pin items to the home screen.

Will it give competition to the Moto E?

The Moto E launched in India this year at a price of INR 6,999 uses the same 1.2
GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor. Nokia seems to have picked Moto E as its
competitor, with a similar display size of 4.3 inch. But Moto E does take a leap
ahead with a better display resolution of 540 x 960 pixels and a Corning Gorilla
Glass 3 on display front. This is however an upgrade over the Nokia X launched
early this year which had just 512 MB of RAM.

Like the Moto E, the Nokia X2 has a 1GB of RAM and 4 GB inbuilt memory with a
possibility of expanding up to 32 GB.

Moto E offers extra 50 GB of cloud storage on Google Drive, compared to this
Nokia X offers 15 GB extra storage via OneDrive.

And the Android One

Another competitor of the Nokia X2 is the upcoming Android One Smartphones
landing in India on 8th September via Snapdeal retail store. They are expected
to come with either a 4.3 inch or 4.5-inch display and are expected to sport 1
GB of RAM and 5 megapixel rear camera. But they are going to run on quad-core
chipset and will be placed anywhere between INR 6K to 7K. That too, will be
cheaper than the Nokia X2!

This time however Nokia has been careful to make sure that X2 can run Android
apps, and the phone comes with pre-loaded with latest Nokia Store app that can
now support third party store. Nokia did not support Android app store in the
Nokia X which limited the availability of apps on the Nokia phone. It is known
that Google has a huge play store full of all kinds of app, which cannot be
compared to the Nokia app store.

Early verdict

The handset does look like a major upgrade over the earlier Nokia X, with a
slightly bigger (0.3 mm) display screen and a better camera (5 megapixel over
the 3.15 in the Nokia X). For those who are Nokia fans, this is seriously a
better potion over Nokia X.

Last year Nokia offered buy-backs on Lumia 930, 830 and more devices and we feel
with in case the company thinks of buy-back on the Nokia X to promote Nokia X2-
this Diwali customers will have a good choice.

But with competition from low-cost  like the Moto E, RedMi 1S, upcoming Android
One and others under INR 7K; and ultra-low cost smartphones like the Mozilla
Firefox smartphones in India the handset from Nokia do not have clear path ahead
to reach the top.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               50 of 64 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 514 words


Lenovo IdeaPad Y900

LAPTOP

From $1,899

Need to indulge in a spot of gaming while travelling? Get the Lenovo IdeaPad
Y900. It is powered by the sixth-generation Intel Core i7 6820HK, with 8GB of
Nvidia GTX 980M discrete graphics and Nvidia G-Sync technology, for great gaming
performance. A mechanical back-lit keyboard provides tactile response, and the
built-in JBL stereo speakers and subwoofer promise fantastic sound. A 17.3-inch
full high-definition display completes the full gaming experience on the go.

Fujifilm Instax SP-2

INSTANT PRINTER

$309

The Fujifilm Instax SP-2 instant printer lets you enjoy the fun of Polaroid-like
prints without an instant camera. Select your favourite photo from your
smartphone and send it to the SP-2 using the Instax Share app (available on
Android and iOS) via Wi-Fi connection, to get instant prints in 10sec. The SP-2
boasts a higher print resolution than its predecessor, at 800 x 600 dots.

Asus Reco Smart

DASHBOARD CAMERA

$329

Protect yourself against errant motorists with this new versatile in-car
dashboard camera.

The Asus Reco Smart features a big f/1.8 aperture and a Sony image sensor, for
clear day and night video recording in full high-definition. It also has a
motion-detection parking monitor mode, which starts recording when it senses
motion and stops recording when no movement is detected for a minute.

It also has a three-axis G-sensor that triggers an emergency record and lock
function to protect video files in a collision.

Ye!! BPR88 Energy Pack

POWER BANK

$99

Still hunting for that elusive Snorlax or Lapras Pokemon? You might want to take
along a power bank like the Ye!! BPR88 with you to make sure your phone doesn't
run out of juice during the hunt.

Featuring an 11,200mAh rechargeable battery and dual USB output ports with a
combined maximum output of up to 3.4A, it can charge two devices at the same
time. A slip-resistant rubber coating helps prevent slippage from your hand.

It comes with a case that lets you store the Energy Pack and micro-USB cable
neatly.

Garmin Vivomove Sport

FITNESS TRACKER

$229

If you prefer your activity monitor to still look like a traditional watch,
consider the Garmin Vivomove Sport. It features a classic analogue movement with
a traditional round watch face. On its watch face, there is a step counter bar
and a move bar. If you are sitting for too long, the move bar will fill up in
red to remind you to get moving. The step counter bar will show the percentage
of your daily step goal, so you know if you are meeting your target.

It uses a CR2025 cell battery that is supposed to last for a year.

Sony Z9D

TELEVISION

$8,999

This 65-inch 4K (3,840 x 2,160 pixels) TV is packed with an array of
technologies, including a newly developed 4K High Dynamic Range (HDR) X1 Extreme
image processor, a unique backlight technology called Backlight Master Drive,
and Super Bit Mapping 4K HDR.

The result is moving images with high contrast, detailed texture and accurate
colour reproduction.

It runs on Google's Android TV platform with Sony's user interface.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
