

Fujifilm X-T2

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

$2,599 (body only), available from Sept 8

Fujifilm has launched the X-T2, the successor to its critically acclaimed,
two-year-old X-T1. It retains most of the SLR-like design of its predecessor but
has added a rear joystick for easy change of focusing points.

It has been upgraded with a new 24.3-megapixel X-Trans CMOS III APS-C image
sensor and the latest X-Processor Pro image processor and has two SD-card slots.

mophie juice pack wireless for iPhone 6/6 Plus

IPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139 (iPhone 6s/6), $179 (iPhone 6s Plus/6 Plus)

Add more juice and wireless charging to your Apple iPhone 6s or 6s Plus with the
mophie juice pack wireless battery case.

With a 1,560mAh (iPhone 6/6s) or a 2,420mAh (iPhone 6/6s Plus) built-in
rechargeable battery, it offers over 50 per cent more battery life as well as
protection for your iPhone.

During charging, the juice pack wireless will provide power to your iPhone first
before it starts to recharge itself.

Onkyo E700M

IN-EAR HEADPHONES

$139

For audiophiles who listen to high-resolution audio (High-Res) the Onkyo E700M
is worth checking out. Said to be optimised for High-Res playback, it comes with
13.5mm drivers that are tuned to bring out crisp details and subtle nuances,
while its lightweight aluminium housing is built to eliminate unwanted
vibrations that might mar the sound.

It comes with three different-sized ergonomically shaped silicone ear tips and a
tangle-free cable with an in-line remote-and-mic unit.

Aztech PSD500

STORAGE DONGLE

$99, available this month

You can now create your own personal cloud with the Aztech PSD500. Dubbed the
Personal Storage Dongle, it has an Ethernet port at one end and a USB port at
the other.

This allows you to connect any USB hard drive (up to 2TB) to the PSD500, and
hook the PSD500 to your router to create your own cloud storage. You can then
access your files using the Aztech Storage app (available on both Android and
iOS) on your smartphone anywhere, as long as you have an Internet connection.

PowerColor Red Devil Radeon RX 470 4GB GDDR5

GRAPHICS CARD

$319

The PowerColor Red Devil RX 470 graphics card features 4GB of GDDR5 memory with
2,048 stream processors and 1,750MHz clock speed for great gaming performance.
It uses the new Double Blade III cooling fan, which has more blades than
conventional fans, to increase airflow and prevent dust deposition.

This Red Devil also supports the latest graphics technologies, such as DirectX
12, Vulkan, FreeSync and Liquid VR.

Mosclean

HOME APPLIANCE

$88

Unlike traditional mosquito traps that use harmful chemical sprays or a
high-voltage metal grid, the Mosclean is a safer and more environmentally
friendly version.

Using ultra-violet LEDs with an optimised light wavelength and a special coating
that produces carbon dioxide (as bait) through a photo-catalytic reaction, the
Mosclean is said to attract and kill three times more mosquitoes than
conventional traps in lab tests.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

