

http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Click02-aapl-102016-company.
jpg

The iPhone 7 was only available for the final two weeks of the third quarter,
but it accounted for 43% of Apple's (AAPL) U.S. iPhone sales in Q3, Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners reported Thursday.

"In a quarter with only two weeks of sales, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus grabbed
significant share of iPhones sold," Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder,
said in a statement. "We attribute this to slow iPhone sales in the weeks
leading up to the launch of these two new models, as well as a positive
reception for the new 7 and 7 Plus models."

IBD'S TAKE: Apple stock has an IBD Composite Rating of 68, meaning it has
outperformed 68% of stocks in key metrics over the past 12 months. For a list of
better-performing stocks, check out the IBD 50.

CIRP said the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus accounted for 43% of total U.S. iPhone
sales last quarter, with iPhone 7 at 31% and iPhone 7 Plus at 12%.

Meanwhile, the lower-cost iPhone SE, in its first full quarter of availability,
had a 9% share of iPhone sales in the U.S. in Q3, CIRP said. It was the third
most popular iPhone after the two new premium handsets.

Among iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers, 17% upgraded from last year's iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus, and 36% upgraded from iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Some 9% of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus buyers upgraded from an Android phone, while
17-21% of other iPhone buyers came from Android, CIRP said. The Android
operating system is developed by Alphabet (GOOGL)-owned Google.

Apple is scheduled to report September-quarter results, its fiscal Q4, on
Tuesday after the market close.

Apple stock fell 6 cents to 117.06Â on the stock market today.

Apple iPhone Losing Luster In China

Meanwhile, UBS analyst Jinjin Wang reported Thursday that Apple is losing market
share in China to lower-cost domestic brands such as OPPO, Vivo and Huawei.

The homegrown competitors are gaining share thanks to advertising and strong
offline distribution, she said.

Plus, there is "less consumer embarrassment in owning a domestic brand," Wang
said in a research report.

IPhone 7 sales in China are weaker than last year's iPhone 6S because a
"perceived lack of innovation for the 7 has made users hesitant to upgrade,"
Wang said.

RELATED:

Apple Readying Long-Awaited Mac Hardware Refresh

