


HIGHLIGHT:Â Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on
Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's
latest smartphones strained available supply.


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's
iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's latest
smartphones strained available supply.

The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on Sept. 19 in the United States but the company
began taking online orders on Thursday. While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models
now display a wait time of up to a month, the 4.7-inch version remains available
for delivery on Sept. 19, Apple's website showed.

Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to six
weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far
outstripped any of its previous iPhones.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or
through the Apple Store App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. Apple routinely
grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a
smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens and some
analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.
Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because the need to
redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, supply chain sources
told Reuters last month. It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the
number of phones available to consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple
declined to comment on supply chain issues. In addition, Chinese customers may
also have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is
yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market. The
company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments
service on Tuesday. AT&T's chief executive of mobile and business, Ralph de la
Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6 orders have so
far surpassed orders last year and the year before. "It is such a great thing to
wake up in the morning to know that you have hundreds of thousands of orders
already before you even have a cup of coffee," said the executive. Apple's
iPhones tend to incite the kind of initial buying frenzy unknown to many other
brands, partly because of the company's well-honed marketing tactics. On
secondary markets online, the rights to a pre-ordered iPhone 6 Plus are worth as
much as double the unsubsidized sticker price. One eBay auction for an unlocked
128-gigabyte gold version of the 5.5-inch phone, for example, was bidding at
dollar 1,625 on Friday afternoon, compared with a face value of dollar 949. One
post on the New York City edition of Craigslist sought dollar 10,000 the
privilege to "be one of the first & few people to own this model and before the
rest of the world." New iPhones tend to get listed at stratospheric prices on
various online retail sites from the United States to China, on the assumption
that there's big demand from people who must get their hands on the phone from
day one. That in turns fuels a grey market of dealers who buy in bulk for
resale. (Reuters) For more visit: www.businessworld.ie

