

At the iPhone keynote, Apple unveiled two new iPhones, a new mobile payment
system and the company's foray into wearable technology.

By Barry Eitel

CUPERTINO, California

All eyes were on Apple Tuesday as the company gave its iPhone keynote - a
presentation that has become an annual event in Silicon Valley since the late
Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone in 2007.

Current CEO Tim Cook took the stage in Cupertino, California, Apple's
headquarters, to introduce the new iPhones - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The new smartphones' screens are massive compared to the
4-inch iPhone 5S released last fall (screen sizes are measured diagonally). The
6 Plus is clearly in the "phablet," portmanteau of "phone" and "tablet,"
category that Apple competitor Samsung has ruled for years.

As far as design is concerned, Apple is rounding out its iPhone. The glass front
curves seamlessly into the anodized aluminum enclosure, leaving no distinct
edges. Apple claims that the strong glass screen was created using a "precision
polishing process."

The iPhone 6 Plus contains an eye-popping 2 megapixel display, which is 185
percent more pixels than the 5S. The regular iPhone 6 has a 1 megapixel display,
still very impressive for a smartphone.

Inside, the phones have an A8 processor that runs 25 percent faster than the
previous model - which is 50 times faster than the original iPhone.

Apple also revealed Apple Pay - a mobile payment system that has been rumored
over the past few weeks. The company is partnering with Visa, MasterCard and
Discover for the project, which allows iPhone 6 users to pay for purchases by
simply swiping their smartphone over a reader. Apple says more than 200,000
retailers are adopting the system.

In his first "one more thing" moment, a tantalizing tactic often employed by
Jobs to introduce groundbreaking new tech, Cook showcased Apple Watch, the
company's exciting new foray into wearable tech. Apple's smartwatch collection
features a dedicated interface and a focus on fitness and health.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be available Sept.19 whileÂ Apple Watch will go on
sale early next year.

www.aa.com .tr/en

