

Belkin Road Rockstar CAR TECH

$79

If you are planning to go on a long road trip overseas, you may want to take
along Belkin's new Road Rockstar. It is a four-port passenger car charger with
two USB 2.4amp ports at the cigarette lighter connector with an extendable hub
that provides two more USB 2.4amp ports.

The hub is connected to the cigarette lighter connector via a 1.8m cable and
comes with a clip, so it can be slotted easily into a car's backseat pocket for
passengers in the back to charge their devices.

Epson EH-LS10000 Home Theatre Projector PROJECTOR

$10,999, available exclusively at KEC Sound System

Equipped with the world's first dual-laser 3LCD-Reflective optical engine
technology, the Epson EH-LS10000 is able to produce 1,500 lumens of colour and
white light brightness. It is also said to have improved pixel density, high
contrast and a long service life of 20,000 hours. Epson's 4K enhancement
technology can make 1,080p full high-definition videos look like 4K videos. Its
Bright 3D Technology allows for double image refresh rate.

Moshi Muse 12 LAPTOP SLEEVE

$49.90

The Moshi Muse 12 is a laptop sleeve specially designed for your sleek new Apple
MacBook.

Its padded exterior protects it against accidental scrapes and bumps, while its
soft microfibre interior helps to wipe off smudges and fingerprints when you
insert or remove your MacBook.

The Muse 12 features an opening flap named SlipGrip by its maker. This acts as a
safety catch to prevent accidental slippage.

There is also an outer pocket for you to store your cables and adapters.

iFans Slim Battery Case for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus IPHONE CASE

$89 (for iPhone 6), $99 (for iPhone 6 Plus)

With the new iFans Slim Battery Case, you do not need to pay over $100 to get a
battery case for your iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

It comes in the form of a casing for the back of the phone, with two
interchangeable bumpers to provide all-round protection.

It has an internal lithium-polymer battery of 3,100mAh (for iPhone 6) or
4,000mAh for (iPhone 6 Plus) to provide up to 130 per cent of extra battery life
for your iPhone.

It has an auto-off function that stops charging when your iPhone is fully
charged. Even with the iPhone mounted, it is only 15.2mm thick and will easily
fit into your pocket.

Asus R9 390X DirectCU II GRAPHICS CARD

$739

Powered by the latest AMD's Radeon R 390X graphics processing unit with 8GB of
video memory, the Asus R9 390X DirectCU II graphics card supports a maximum
resolution of 4,096 x 2,160 pixels. Using Asus' exclusive DirectCU II thermal
design, this graphics card is said to run 20 per cent cooler and three times
quieter than reference graphics cards.

It has two DVI ports, one HDMI port and one DisplayPort.

Razer Tartarus Chroma GAMING KEYPAD

$119.90

First-person shooter gamers, take note. The new Razer Tartarus Chroma gaming
keypad is here for you to gain a combat edge in your virtual battles.

The ergonomic gaming keypad comes with 25 fully programmable anti-ghosting keys,
including an eight-way directional thumbpad, for customised binding, macros and
hotkeys. This latest Tartarus uses Razer's Chroma lighting so that you can
customise its backlighting from an option of 16.8 million colours.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

