

Are expected to feature a Force Touch display that can distinguish between taps
and presses, as well as a speedier processor and better cameras.

Samsung hopes to trump Apple's features with built-in wireless + charging,
faster charging, more random access memory, and advanced cameras capable of
taking ultra HD 4K video. The multimedia-focused Galaxy S6 Edge Plus features a
dual-edge curved display. The thin edge displays can show apps and preferred +
contacts. The productivity-f

Hoping to regain ground it lost to Apple in big-screen smartphones, Samsung
Electronics on Thursday debuted two new phablets.

Samsung had the phone-tablet market largely to itself for three years until last
September, when Apple responded with the iPhone 6 Plus. Samsung's newest
phablets feature 5.7-inch Quad HD Super AMOLED displays, compared with the
5.5-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD screen on Apple's iPhone 6 Plus.

"Bigger screens have gone from nice-to-have to must-have," Justin Denison,
Samsung vice president of product strategy and marketing, said at a webcast
event in New York City.

The new Samsung phablets include the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, which is designed for
multimedia consumers, and the Galaxy Note 5, which is optimized for
productivity. Both Google Android-based phones will go on sale in the U.S. and
Canada on Aug. 21.

Samsung likely will have a three-week jump on Apple's ninth-generation handsets,
the iPhone 6 S series. Apple is rumored to be planning a media event for Sept. 9
and likely would release the iPhone 6 S and 6 S Plus on Sept. 18.

Samsung opted to forego a global launch to get its new phones out in key markets
ahead of the next iPhones, IHS Technology analyst Daniel Gleeson said in a
report.

". . . Samsung is hoping to steal a march on Apple's new iPhone announcement,"
Gleeson said. "The Galaxy Note 4 was hit by direct competition from the
larger-screen iPhone 6 Plus during the year, which likely had a significant
impact on the Note 4's success. Until autumn 2014, Apple had no large-screen
smartphones which could compete with Samsung."

The iPhone 6 S phones

