
DATELINE: Washington


National First Responders Organization has issued the following news release:

Apple has released its unlocked pricing for the iPhone 6 and its bigger brother
6 Plus in Europe, but there's no word yet on how much it will cost with a mobile
tariff.

If you're in the UK, Germany, or France and can drop a few hundred pounds or
euros on a new iPhone 6, you're in luck. Apple's new bigger iPhones will go on
sale on Friday 19 September -- the same day it becomes available in the US,
Australia, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

The rest of Europe will have to sit tight unless they make the trip to a store
overseas. While Apple only confirmed availability in the UK, France, and
Germany, dates released by Swedish telcos suggest that it will go on sale in
other markets a matter of days, rather than weeks, later.

In the UK, the 4.7-inch display iPhone 6 has a suggested retail price of £539
for the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model, while the newly-added 128GB model
will set you back £699.
The History of the iPhone
Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Tech Family Tree: The iPhone

Read more

The 5.5-inch display iPhone 6 Plus will be available in the UK for a suggested
retail price of £619 for the 16GB model, £699 or the 64GB model, and £789 for
the 128GB model.

While carrier-subsidised pricing for the iPhone 5s and 5c was released on the
same day as the official launch, no UK operators are giving any hint today of
which tariffs the iPhone duo will be available on, and what size of upfront cost
to expect.

Both the iPhone 6 and iPhone Plus come in gold, silver or space grey and will be
available from the Apple online store, Apple's UK retail stores, and through O2,
Vodafone, EE, Three, GiffGaff, Virgin, TalkMobile, as well as Apple resellers.

All of the major networks began allowing would-be iPhone 6 owners to register
their interest in the new phone on their respective websites.

Consumers in Germany after the iPhone 6 will be looking at [#x20ac]699 for the
16 GB model, [#x20ac]799 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]899 for the new 128GB
model. The iPhone 6 Plus in Germany starts at [#x20ac]799 for the 16 GB model,
[#x20ac]899 for the 64 GB model and [#x20ac]999 for the new 128 GB model.

Both models will be available through Apple's online and physical stores, as
well as operators Deutsche Telekom, Vodafone, O2, and Debitel.

In France, consumers will be able to buy both devices at Orange, SFR, Bouygues,
Free, and NRJ, with iPhone 6 starting at [#x20ac]709 for the 16GB model,
[#x20ac]819 for the 64GB model, and [#x20ac]919 for the 128GB version. For those
that want the larger iPhone 6 Plus, they'll be looking at [#x20ac]809 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]919 for the 64GB model or [#x20ac]1019 for the 128GB
version.

In Italy, the starting price for the iPhone 6 from Apple directly is [#x20ac]729
for the 16GB model, [#x20ac]839 for the 64GB device, and [#x20ac]949 for the
128GB edition. The larger of the two new devices starts at [#x20ac]839 for the
16GB model, [#x20ac]949 for the 64GB model and [#x20ac]1,059 for the 128GB
model.

Meanwhile, the Swedes are looking at 6395 SEK ($901) for the iPhone 6 16GB
model, 7395 SEK for the 64GB edition and 8395 SEK for the 128GB model. The
iPhone 6 Plus will cost 7395 SEK for the 16GB model, 8395 for the 64GB model and
9,395 SEK for the 128GB edition.

Three Sweden and Telia say they will start selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on 26
September. Other carriers in Sweden planning to sell the devices are Telia,
Telenor and Tele2. So does Apple's new iphone work on Sweden's 4G networks?
Telia says "Ja".

For more information please visit: http://www.nfro.org

