

Apple has stepped up its India play, tying up with Vodafone to offer its range
of devices, including the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, on monthly installments over two
years, while the country's No. 2 telco looks to tie in subscribers for premium
data services.

Vodafone has introduced tariff plans based on installments starting at Rs 2,099
a month, for which a consumer can buy Apple's iPhone 4s along with bundled talk
time, SMSes and 3G data. An iPhone 5c can be bought for Rs 2,499 a month and the
iPhone 5s at Rs 2,999 per month, while those wanting to buy the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will have to pay Rs 3,599 a month for two years.

"Our all-inclusive and fully-loaded data plans will allow customers to have a
hassle-free experience with no upfront costs and additional savings on monthly
plans," Marten Pieters, MD & CEO of Vodafone India, said in a statement
Thursday. "We see data as a strong growth driver in the years to come and
believe these kind of innovative offers add to our efforts in the growth of this
segment."

Customers buying a 16 GB iPhone 6 costing `. 53,500 on an EMI of Rs 3,599 over
two years will end up paying a total of ` . 86,376 for the device and the
bundled plan.

"Just EMIs won't help," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based

Counterpoint Technologies. "Apple will have to increase promotional activities
ike buybacks to make this offer work."

Sector trackers add that in the past two hree months, Apple is penetrating
deeper into the Indian market as the company s aware of the next wave of
customers coming from tier 2-3 cities, where people see Apple as an aspirational
brand and EMIs will be an attractive proposition.

"The next three quarters are low in Apple's seasonal cycle. As the momentum of
Phone 6 and 6 Plus has already passed, he situation adds more impetus to
introducing such plans," Pathak added.

The offer is still compelling, according to Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at
Greyhound Research. "From a normal customer point of view, the total cost turns
out to be far less when the phone usage is considered," he said, adding that a
normal EMI without the voice and data plan comes out

. 2,000. "With usage added, the to be at least ` offer becomes pretty
attractive."

Vodafone will offer two calling and data plans -iPhone 6K and iPhone 10K -which
will come bundled with the devices that will be sold through its own stores and
large format retail outlets. A 16GB iPhone 6 under the iPhone 6K plan includes
6,000 local and STD minutes, 1,500 SMSes and 6GB of 3G data at a tax-included
EMI of ` . 3599 for 24 months. Adding . 400 to the EMI can get a buyer the
iPhone ` 10K plan, which has 10,000 free STD and local minutes, 2,500 SMSes and
10 GB of 3G data. Zero down payment is valid only on the iPhone 6 16 GB variant.
Down payments will be applicable when purchasing other models and range from ` .
4,990 (for 8 GB or 16 GB variants of 4S, 5c and 5s models) to ` . 23,490 (128 GB
iPhone 6 Plus).EMIs are also available on 12-month plans, on which the costs
will be higher.

