

As fitness tracking fever continues, smartphone bike mounts are becoming more in
demand, in the interest of accessing features such as GPS maps, ride statistics
and cardiovascular stats from wearable trackers. If you like the idea of the
iPhone 6 for its large screen but aren't sure if you'll find a compatible bike
mount, look no further.

What's new

Urban cycling gear guru BioLogic this week released its anticipated Bike Mount
Plus for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which offers 360-degree rotation so that you can
choose between using your phone in portrait or landscape mode. Like the others
in the company's smartphone case selection, it's shockproof and waterproof,
offering protection from impact, rain, sweat, mud and dirt without blocking
access to phone features.
MSRP $39.95 and [#x20ac]39.95; available from retailers worldwide.

Grows (or shrinks) with your iPhone

Australia-based Proper offers a case for the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, as well as
models of yesteryear, that all attach to the same mount for your bike, and it
also offers a mount for your car, facilitating GPS navigation. You can choose
your priorities, for they offer both a Light and Strong case and are available
in black and grey for 20 AUS ($16.80) to 35 AUS ($29.55).
The M Lock bike mount costs 59.95 AUS ($50.60) and you don't need to update it
for the next iPhone model to come, for all of Proper's iPhone cases can be
mounted on it.

Everything included

To score a case and compatible bike mount in one purchase, try the Quad Lock
mounting system, whose mount for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was announced in August
and claims to be ultra-light and ultra-strong. It comes with a rain poncho and
the case itself detaches for use as a protective cover when you're not cycling.
All the hardware is included. 69.95 AUS ($59).

