

June 14 -- HSBC will bring its Hong Kong customers Apple Pay, which transforms
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient, this summer. HSBC Visa and MasterCard cardholders will be able to
make payments conveniently using Apple Pay.

Greg Hingston, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Hong Kong, HSBC
said, "Innovative technology is bringing a wide range of benefits to retail
banking customers, changing the ways that they use banking services. We are
excited to be among the first banks in Hong Kong to enable our customers to use
Apple Pay, which provides customers with a fast, easy and secure way to complete
everyday shopping. As always, we are committed to providing simpler, better and
faster services for our customers, and offering Apple Pay is a great example of
that commitment."

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit card
with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit cards. In participating stores, Apple Pay
works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE and
Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/

Source: HSBC

