
DATELINE: New York



 Singapore: UOB today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient.

 UOB offers cardmembers unparalleled freedom to pay for everyday goods and
services, in line with the Bank's aim to champion the adoption of contactless
payment in Singapore and to encourage a cashless society.



 The introduction of Apple Pay gives close to two million UOB cardmembers the
ability to make payments conveniently at 15,000 contactless locations in
Singapore. UOB cardmembers simply add their UOB credit or debit card to Wallet
on their iPhone, iPad or Apple Watch and continue to receive all of the usual
rewards and benefits associated with using their UOB cards. Payments made
through Apple Pay have no limit other than the customer's own credit or debit
card limit.

 To reward customers for spending with Apple Pay, UOB is offering the first
10,000 cardmembers S$10 off their first Apple Pay transaction. UOB cardmembers
simply have to add their UOB cards to Apple Pay and start tapping to pay. A $10
refund will be credited back to their accounts.

 Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or
debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device
or on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned,
encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each
transaction is authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

 "Payments for everyday purchases from getting lunch to grocery shopping to
topping up on petrol just got much faster and easier thanks to Apple Pay.
Singaporean consumers are often time-starved and appreciate the convenience that
technology brings. The introduction of Apple Pay to UOB cardmembers means they
can now enjoy secure contactless payments with their iPhone, iPad or Apple
Watch," said Mr Dennis Khoo, Head of Personal Financial Services Singapore, UOB.

 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay
works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
Apple Watch.

 Online shopping via apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

