

NEW DELHI: Even as we are just days away from Apple's September 7 event where
the company is expected to launch its newest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
smartphones, the leaks and rumours just don't seem to stop. And this time, the
unannounced iPhone 7 Plus has hit Geekbench smartphone benchmarking website. The
benchmark listing has revealed some key specifications of the smartphone.As per
the listing, iPhone 7 Plus will run iOS 10.1 out-of-the-box and will be powered
by a dual-core processor . It is rumoured that the new models will feature
Apple's newest A10 processor, along with 2GB of RAM.The benchmarking website
lists the upcoming smartphone's single-core and multi-core performance scores.

The iPhone 7 Plus scores 3379 in single-core performance,a significant increase
over the iPhone 6s Plus' 2526. It is also more than the score achieved by the
Exynos-powered variant of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 - 2067. The 'highlight' of
the upcoming iPhone 7 models is likely to be the omission of the 3.5mm audio
jack. It's expected to be replaced by the Lightning port, and the company might
also introduce Bluetooth-enabled EarPods .New Beats by Dre products are also
rumoured to launch at the Apple keynote event. It is still unclear what kinds of
Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of
headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. Apple acquired Beats for $3 billion
in 2014.Another highlight is expected to be the iPhone 7 Plus' dual rear camera
setup. The dual cameras are expected to bring more post-clicking features and
greater flexibility in adjusting the depth of field of images after they have
been clicked.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

