

Apple is expected to launch a pair of new iPhones at its 9 September event in
San Francisco, and along with it a renewed push for its Siri and HomeKit
features.

But if Apple intends its devices to become the central hubs of people's
connected homes, or even just to persuade customers to upgrade, what does the
company need to get right with its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus?

Apple's iPhone update cycle traditionally rotates in a "tick-tock" alternating
pattern. One year, the major upgrade will be a refresh of the hardware design,
and the next, the emphasis will be on improving the insides and adding new
services.

The iPhone 5, released in 2012, represented the "tick" with its larger 4in
screen, new body design and upgraded camera. In 2013, iPhone 5s was the "tock"
with its Touch ID fingerprint-sensor and faster processor.

Last year brought another tick with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus, which means we can expect the 9 September announcement to introduce "tock"
versions of those devices, with specification and feature improvements.

A faster iPhone will always find plenty of buyers, particularly among people
who, due to their mobile contract, last upgraded two years ago, and are locked
in to Apple's ecosystem.

But to address the "floating voter" of smartphones - the 20% of the
smartphone-buying population that actually switches between platforms - Apple
needs to get a few things right.

Batteries

The biggest pain point for almost every iPhone user is battery life. Apple chose
to shrink its devices in thickness and weight, which left less space for a
larger battery.

The number of people I see every day searching for a Lightning cable to charge
their dying phone, which they had on charge overnight, speaks volumes both to
the number of iPhones out there and the daily fight for power.

Solid two-day battery life is possible. Sony has proved that a high-performance,
slim phone with a 1080p screen similar to that fitted to the iPhone 6 Plus can
last two days. Apple should be able to do it too.

Cameras

Apple has always touted the iPhone's camera as the best in the business, going
as far as to launching a marketing campaign simply displaying photos taken by
iPhones.

But competitors have arguably bettered it and not just by increasing the number
of megapixels. Apple's next camera should include improved autofocus, optical
image stabilisation within the iPhone 6S, not just the larger Plus, and a better
selfie camera.

Users seem to love taking selfies. Many of Apple's competitors have responded
with better front-facing cameras, with improved low-light performance and wider
angle lenses. Apple's FaceTime camera could do with an upgrade.

Siri

Apple's Siri is one of the most personable voice assistants - users can talk to
it and have a conversation with it - but beyond simple things such as setting
timers and alarms, Siri often falls flat.

Siri is likely to take a central role in Apple's efforts to conquer the home
with its HomeKit automation system. But to do that, Apple has to convince users
to talk more to Siri, to make accessing features and systems through voice more
of the normal than the exception.

The situation is likely better outside of Britain, where talking out loud to an
inanimate object makes us feel terribly awkward, but it's a barrier which Apple
must try to break.

New Force Touch display?

Analysts and rumour mongers have speculated that Apple will bring its
pressure-sensitive screen technology from the Apple Watch and its MacBook
touchpads to the iPhone.

Force Touch, as it is known on the Apple Watch, can detect a more forceful touch
gesture and is used as a right click-like analogue. If brought to the iPhone,
Apple needs to learn from its smartwatch and make it much more obvious when a
heavier touch gesture can bear fruit.

Too often on the Apple Watch it's unclear when to Force Touch and when not to,
leading to never ending trial and error and frustration.

Convincing users to upgrade from two or three-year-old iPhones to the latest
model is not going to be a challenge for Apple, but to justify its high price
and premium status, the next generation iPhone must at least bring some
real-world benefits over last year's larger screens.

· Apple Watch is king of smartwatch sales according to latest numbers

· Apple admits fault causes 'blurry' photos on some iPhone 6 Plus

· Hey, Siri! Meet the real people behind Apple's voice-activated assistant

