

to maintain Apple's sales growth. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads and Apple Watch. The iPhones have screens of 4.7 inches and
5.5 inches, compared with 4 inches for previous models, which is helping to
boost their appeal to new consumers.

"I came here for tourism, and my wife and friends asked me to bring them the new
iPhone," Yury Shchepetkov, a 24-year-old power engineer from Moscow, said while
waiting in Berlin. "I had no idea I would be stuck in line for two nights
without a sleeping bag."

Tiago Amorim was waiting outside of Apple's Fifth Avenue store in New York after
flying up from Brazil to get his hands on one.

"We love iPhones," the 14-year-old said.

Amorim was in a line that, as of 8 a.m., was 33 percent longer than last year's
debut of the iPhone 5s and 5c, according to Piper Jaffray Cos.

"There was an even more significant influence of international buyers, even more
than last year," Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, wrote in a note to
investors today.

Status Symbol

Apple hasn't said when China and Brazil will get the new iPhones. They aren't on
the list of countries that will get the phones in the next wave, which includes
Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.

"We traveled about 35 hours to get our hands on the new iPhone before everyone
else in Brazil," said William Marchiori, 25, who flew to Australia from Sao
Paulo. "We took three flights and got here two days ago, and we lined up."

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones popular with
consumers in Asia. Those phones typically run on Android and are made by Samsung
Electronics Co., Xiaomi Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd., among others.

"It's a big status symbol everywhere," Tim Bajarin, an analyst at Creative
Strategies Inc., said of the new iPhones and the global interest.

* Bloomberg News contributed to this report

