

APPLE last night unveiled a new smartwatch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service, as chief executive Tim Cook set a bold new direction for the
technology giant taking it into a host of new markets. At an event in San
Francisco, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which bring even higher quality screens and better
cameras to Apple's hit smartphone range.

But the star of the show was a long-rumoured wearable device called Apple Watch
that lets users send and receive messages, answer calls to an iPhone and much
more.

Cook described the smartwatch, to be launched in early 2015, as being part of
"the next chapter in Apple's story... It's the most personal device we've ever
made," he added.

Topping off the event, Apple entered the mobile payments space with Apple Pay,
launching in the US this year.

It allows iPhone 6 and Apple Watch users to ditch bank cards in favour of
contactless payments using just their Apple device in shops. Apple Pay works
with the American Express, MasterCard and Visa platforms issued by the most
popular US banks, including Bank of America, Chase and Citi. "Everyone wins,"
said JPMORGAN Chase chairman and chief executive Jamie Dimon, adding that the
system would be more secure than tradit-ional card payments due to Apple's use
of fingerprints to authorise the payments.

APPLE WATCH ? Apple's smartwatch will go on sale in "early 2015", starting at
$349 (£216) and will come in two different sizes. It will also feature a host of
different watch straps. As well as replying to text messages and pulling up maps
on the go, the Watch will be open for developers to build a variety of apps.

IPHONE 6 ? The 4.7-inch iPhone 6, and its larger brother the 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus, are available to pre-order this Friday and go on sale next Friday on EE,
Three, O2 and Vodafone. The iPhone 6 starts at £539 off-contract while the
iPhone 6 Plus starts at £619. Both devices will likely be cheaper when bought
on-contract.

