

CLEVER marketing on the latest iPhone model may have come back to bite Apple, so
to speak, with social media filled with so many complaints about the phone
bending when put in pants pockets the issue has been dubbed "Bendgate".

With Ipswich enthusiasts lined up at the Riverlink Telstra Shop from 3am to be
the first to get their hands on the product when it was launched, the issue must
be leaving a sour taste in the mouths of Apple fans.

But number one in that queue a week ago, Peter Caswell was not sure what the
fuss was about.

"I've had my iPhone all day long in my front pocket as a mechanic and I haven't
had any problems with it," the Darra mechanic said.

"I can't get mine to bend whatsoever.

"People are always going to complain about something on a new model. That's the
joy of being the first to own the latest.

"It's a problem that's bound to happen being the size it is."

According to social media comments, the problem may be more to do with young
people and their skinny jeans and tight pockets.

Mr Caswell said he didn't believe the bad press would affect Apple's reputation.

"Apple has always had a good name in looking after their customers. If something
is wrong they will replace it."

Three days after its release on September 19, Apple announced it had sold more
than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, a record for the company.

The hype was matched in Ipswich with more than 50 fans lined up when the doors
opened at the Riverlink Telstra Shop, and the store selling out of the iPhone6
Plus by 11am.

Apple issued a statement saying with normal use a bend in an iPhone was
"extremely rare" and nine customers had contacted the company about a bent
iPhone6 Plus.

"Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody
enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized
aluminium, which is tempered for extra strength.

"They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.

"We chose these high-quality materials and construction very carefully for their
strength and durability. We also perform rigorous tests throughout the entire
development cycle including 3-point bending, pressure point cycling, sit,
torsion, and user studies."

