

NEW DELHI: Seems there will be no midnight launch for Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone
7 Plus in India this time. One of the biggest distributors for Apple devices in
India, Beetel Teletech Ltd has announced that it will launch the new iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus phones at 7pm on October 7, 2016. The new smartphones will be
available at the company's 2,000 retail locations in North and East regions
across the country. The company said that it will also be holding special launch
events across Delhi/NCR region at select locations.

Since past many years, the new iPhone models have been launched at midnight
(sharp 12am) in India, similar to iPhones' midnight launch events in the US and
some other geopgraphies. Another Apple distributor Rashi Peripherals too has
announced that it will start selling the latest iPhones from October 7 in India.
The company, however, has so far not disclosed the time when it will start sales
at its 1,000 locations across the country.The all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
come in three variants as per storage -- 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. The colour
options available include Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Black and Jet Black. The
company has replaced the Space Grey colour variant with its new aluminium-finish
Jet Black and mirrorless-finish Black variants.Though there's not much change in
design terms in the new iPhones, the antenna lines, which previously ran across
the back panel on top and bottom of the devices, now run on the sides giving an
overall cleaner look. Another new feature is water and dust-proofing, courtesy
the IP67 rating. The models also have a new Home button which is now touch
sensitive and uses a new Taptic engine for better response.The handsets, as
rumoured before, have 3.5mm headphone jack replaced with the Lightning
port-based connectors. On display front, iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD
display while the iPhone 7 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch Retina HD display. iPhone
7 packs 12MP rear camera with f/1.8 aperture, 6 Element lens, 4 flash LEDs and
flicker sensor. There's also an Image signal processor to apply machine learning
to distinguish between a human and an object in the image and adjust its
brightness and noise.While iPhone 7 features a single 12MP rear camera, its
big-screen variant iPhone 7 Plus comes with two 12MP rear camera with 2x optical
zooming capability up to 56mm. Both sport a 7MP FaceTime camera for selfies and
video chats.Talking about the performance, the two iPhone 7 handsets are powered
by quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor. The processor has two high-performance
cores and two high-efficiency cores for a longer battery life and a new 6-core
GPU which is 50% faster than the A9 processor.Last but not the least, there are
also stereo speakers with high dynamic range.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

