
DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Dec. 5 -- Sri Lanka's only authorised partner network for Apple
iPhone, Dialog Axiata, launched the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 in Sri Lanka,
dialing a new chapter in the country's premier mobile device offering.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6 operates on 4G and users can avail of Sri
Lanka's widest 4G LTE network with Dialog to stay connected on the go. Dialog
also presents the best after sales service with warranty and expert support for
Apple iPhones in Sri Lanka, offering the best complete solution in the country.

Dialog offered the new iPhones for pre-order last week, and received an
overwhelming response with close to 500 orders for both models.

"As the country's only authorized partner network for Apple iPhone, Dialog is
privileged to present the iPhone 6 to Sri Lanka, as we transcend the mobile
device experience with unparalleled best-in-class service. We are committed to
add value to our customers, to surpass their connectivity experience and the
partnership with Apple and the presentation of the official iPhone 6 for the
first time in Sri Lanka is a testimony to this vision," said Lasantha
Thevarapperuma, Head of Business, Mobile Telecommunications of Dialog Axiata
PLC.

Customers can experience the Apple iPhone 6 Plus and 6 live demos at selected
Dialog outlets, and enjoy connectivity to Sri Lanka's fastest 4G LTE network.

The iPhone 6 is available in 16 and 64 GB models whilst the iPhone 6Plus comes
with 16 GB. The models are available in Gold, Silver and Space Gray.

The Apple iPhone 6 features a larger 4.7 inch Retina HD display, whilst the 6
Plus offers 5.5 inches. The '6' is also the slimmest iPhone so far at a
staggering 6.9 millimeters.

Both models are built on 64-bit desktop-class architecture and increased battery
life.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

