

Though iOS 10 brings numerous performance enhancements, it has been getting
negative response due to some technical issues.

Apple just rolled out the iOS 10, but it seems it has not started on the
smoothest of starts. The OS targeted at iPhones, iPads, and the 6 generation of
iPod touch, does bring in numerous enhancements. However, due to technical
issues and hick-ups during the download stages, have already started getting it
negative feedback from users who have started venting their frustrations online.
Apple, on its part has assured everyone that the issues will be sorted out soon,
but the start for iOS 10 has certainly been buggy.

It has been only a day or so since the release, but the number of complaints
seem be to be increasing. Most of them have been regarding the iOS 10 making
devices unresponsive after the download of the new OS, or simply been 'bricking'
them, while the others have been regarding the interface of the new OS. A part
of the feedback is obviously trolling as well, as some users on social media
tend to be.

A lot of the changes can be seen on the new emoticons which have gotten better
3D looking enhancements, and the notifications which seem to appear to be on a
more placard like format, and divided in 2 sections; one with the controls and
settings, and on the left swipe, there are the multimedia app control shortcuts.

The iMessage app has new tweaks, including the easy sharing capability of
stickers, animations, and GIFs. The dial pad also has seen some changes with a
new look, just like the Phonebook app. The clock, on the other hand has a black
interface, and has a new bedtime feature assisting one in adopting healthy
sleeping habits.

In terms of the devices which are compatible with the new iOS 10, the list
includes iOS 10 is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c,
iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s Plus and the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus. In terms of the iPads, iOS 10 goes with iPad Pro and iPad Pro
9.7-inch, apart from the iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad 4th generation, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3 and iPad mini 2.

