

Apple's latest smartphone and its first phablet, the iPhone 6 Plus, will be
going on sale in a further 36 countries by the end of October, starting with
China on Friday.

On the same day, the handsets will also be making their debuts in India and
Monaco as Apple targets Middle East, European and Asian territories.

The handsets will go on sale in Israel on October 23, and one day later in the
Czech Republic, French West Indies, Greenland, Malta, Poland, Reunion Island and
South Africa.

By the end of the month the phones will also be officially available in Bahrain,
Kuwait, Albania, Bosnia, Croatia, Estonia, Greece, Guam, Hungary, Iceland,
Kosovo, Latvia, Lithuania, Macau, Macedonia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro,
Serbia, South Korea, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine and Thailand, bringing
the number of countries where the iPhone is available up to 69.

Apple plans to have rolled the new devices out to 115 countries in total before
the end of the year.

The iPhone 6 boasts a 4.7-inch display while the larger iPhone 6 Plus offers a
5.5-inch screen. Both handsets are available in a choice of space grey, gold or
silver, and despite achieving record sales -- 10 million+ handsets over their
initial weekend of availability -- the handsets have also attracted their fair
share of controversy.

First there was 'Bendgate,' a criticism that went viral about how easy it was to
bend an iPhone when it was carried in a back pocket, followed by BeardgateÂ and
Hairgate.

Thanks to the tiny gap between the screen and the edge of the handset's body,
users are complaining that they are snagging their facial hair in the space and
like tweezers, they are being plucked every time they take a voice call. Female
users have also reported getting their hair tangled around the rear-facing
camera which protrudes slightly from the body when making phone calls.

Nevertheless, the handsets, in particular the larger phablet iPhone 6 Plus, are
proving very popular. So popular in fact that Apple has reportedly increased
manufacturing capacity for the larger Plus model to keep up with demand.

