
DATELINE: Bangalore


Bangalore, June 7 -- After breaking through the resolution barrier with the QHD
display-wearing G3 and oozing style with the leather-backed G4, LG once again
brings some new tricks to the party with this year's G5. The Korean
manufacturer's 2016 flagship pushes the envelope on many counts, by using an
interesting camera setup and tinkering with modularity.


 But first the specs. The G5 straddles the line between handling and size by
opting for a 5.3-inch QHD display (a norm for top-end phones now), 4GB of RAM
and 32GB of onboard storage, which is expandable. The phone uses a
top-of-the-line Snapdragon 820 processor, which is free from the heating and
performance issues faced by last year's 810. This phone comes with three
cameras; a pair of 16MP and 8MP shooters sitting side by side on the back and an
8MP shooter on the front. Unlike HTC before it, who used dual sensors to add
depth effects to images, LG's 8MP sensor has a field of view of 135 degrees,
compared to the traditional 75 degrees available on the 16MP one. Prepare to be
the official photographer for large group shots from now on.
 With modular smartphones (read phones with removable and upgradable parts, like
computers) being talked about and rumoured to be on the horizon, the industry is
waiting to see who makes the first move. And as per the norm, LG has taken a
lead. While the G5 is not truly modular, it features a slot at the bottom that
can slide out on the press of a button, allowing the battery to be swapped out,
and for add-ons to be inserted for extra functionality. Currently available
add-ons, dubbed 'friends' by LG, include a camera grip with extra controls and a
bigger battery and a hi-fi DAC and amp for enhanced music playback, apart from
some accessories, which include a rolling assistant that can control home
function and livestream video. The included LG Friends Manager app serves as a
command centre for the friends.
 Moving on to build, this is where the G5s personality begins to waver a little
bit. The phone is easy to handle, well-weighed and sturdily built, with smooth
metal all around. However, the button placement on the back, which LG had
pioneered and gained appreciation for, is now skewed, with power button and
fingerprint sensor residing under the camera and volume rocker returning to the
side of the phone. The solitary power button and the sloping border look
ungainly on an otherwise well-designed phone.
 The UI also tells a similar story. Optimus UX 5.0 is better put-together than
previous iterations, and has some useful features, such as the ability to add
five buttons to the software navigation bar at the bottom, and a Smart Bulletin
like HTCs Blinkfeed which displays music controls, data from LG Health and info
from supported apps like Evernote. The Smart Doctor option which provides
in-built tuneup options for RAM and storage management and the useful Knock Code
that allows users to unlock the phone with a pattern without turning on the
display are available as well. The QSlide apps (mini apps which can be melded
into background and restored) and Capture+ functionality feel a little like
afterthoughts, and LGs implementation of the app drawer (which is unavailable by
default and requires a separate launcher to be downloaded from the LG Smart
World portal) is a little confusing.
 On the performance and features front, the Snapdragon 820 is a return to form
for manufacturer Qualcomm, and the G5 breezed along merrily, with no
overheating. The G5 is also packed to the gills with connectivity features, with
even the IR blaster with remote function making a return.
 LG has always been known to make excellent cameras, and the G5 is no slouch
here. The main camera takes crisp, detailed images, and even low light
situations can be sorted by manual adjustment with the excellent manual mode.
The software is robust and allows granular control over images. The G5 also has
simple and auto modes for easier photography with fewer options. The wide angle
camera provides an interesting new perspective, though how much use it can be
put to in daily use is debatable. The G5s selfie game is also on point, with the
front camera resolving a good amount of detail.
 While a lot of the UI and design choices are subjective, the biggest chink in
the G5s armour is its 2,800 mAh battery. While it is removable and supports
quick charge for ridiculously quick topups, the battery rarely got us through a
full day of moderate use. Extended photography sessions can take a toll on this
phone, so it would be best to have a charger or power bank handy.
 This is the story of the LG G5. It's a phone with a lot of promise that could
have benefited from a clear sense of purpose. The hardware is excellent, and
some of the software is truly helpful, but the feeling that it tries to do too
many different things at once is unshakable. The G5 is an above average
smartphone, a great camera phone and an experiment in modular smartphone design.
But at an asking price of over Rs.50,000, it needs to know what it wants to be.

