

LG G5 - first ever modular smartphone launched in India at Rs 52990


The device features a 5.3 inch display, quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820
processor, 4GB RAM, 32GB internal storage, Android Marshmallow OS, 16MP rear and
8MP front camera, 4G connectivity and has 2800 mAh battery

LG Electronics India Limited, on Wednesday announced the launch of its first
ever modular smartphone, G5 in India at Rs. 52,990.



The G5 features a 5.3 inch QHD display with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolution. The
device is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 SoC with 4GB RAM and
32GB of internal storage that is further expandable up to 2TB using a microSD
card.

LG G5 sports a 16 megapixel rear camera with laser autofocus and also houses an
8 megapixel front camera. It runs the latest Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow OS and is
power backed by a 2800 mAh removable battery. It measures 149.40x73.90x7.70mm,
and weighs 159 grams.

For connectivity, it includes: LTE / 3G / 2G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac, USB
Type-C), NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and is available in Silver, Titan, Gold and Pink
Colors.

"We are really proud to bring the LG G5 to India. With this smart phone, we are
living up to our promise of Innovation for a Better Life; LG has always brought
something really innovative to the world of smartphones. This year yet again
with G5, we have come up with a very unique concept of modular smart phone. This
phone will certainly amaze the smart phone users with its ability to be
transformed into multiple devices like digital camera, Hi-Fi player and more. G5
will certainly redefine smart phone experience for consumers," said Kim Ki Wan,
Managing Director, LG Electronics India.

"Technology is one of the key drivers in the Indian smartphone market. LG's G5
is packed with innovation and new-age technology. We are happy to introduce LG's
flagship product as an online exclusive on our platform. The pre-booking
response has been great and we expect this new offering from LG will be a hit
with our customers," said Ajay Yadav, VP - Smartphones, Flipkart.

"Qualcomm Technologies is very pleased to work with LG on their latest flagship
device, the LG G5, featuring the Snapdragon 820 processor with Qualcomm
TruSignal Multi-Antenna Boost technology, enabling a superior and reliable
connected experience. LG and Qualcomm Technologies have worked together for many
years with the shared goal of enabling new and exciting user experiences for
consumers. We look forward to seeing the LG G5 launch in India," said Sunil
Lalvani, Vice President and President of Qualcomm India.

Key Specifications:

? Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 Processor

? Display: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display (2560 x 1440 / 554ppi)

? Memory: 4GB LPDDR4 RAM / 32GB UFS ROM / microSD (up to 2TB)

? Camera: Rear: Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP / Front: 8MP

? Battery: 2,800mAh (removable)

? OS: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

? Size: 149.4 x 73.9 x 7.7mm

? Weight: 159g

? Network: LTE / 3G / 2G

? Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11 a, b, g, n, ac / USB Type-C) / NFC / Bluetooth 4.2

? Colors: Silver / Titan / Gold / Pink

