

Dual Camera was the highlight of the iPhone 7 Plus at the Apple event. However,
it is not the first time we have seen dual cameras on a smartphone. Read on to
see the smartphone already available today that offers dual camera setup for
superior photography.

LG X Cam - Rs 21,500

(Image: BCCL)

The X cam features a similar dual cameras setup as the more premium LG G5. It
has a 13MP primary lens along with a secondary wide-angle 5MP lens on the rear -
both work in conjunction to offer enhanced results with shallow depth of field.
Other specifications include a 5.2-inch full HD display, an octa-core processor,
2GB RAM, 16GB storage and a 2,500mAh battery.

LG G5 - Rs 54,000

(Image: BCCL)

The G5 is the current most powerful dual camera setup available on Android
smartphones. It has a 16MP primary camera (f1.8 aperture) and a secondary 8MP
camera (f2.4 aperture) along with laser autofocus and 3-axis optical image
stabilization - this enables 2x optical zoom on the phone also. You get a
5.3-inch 2k display and hardware includes Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB RAM,
32GB storage with a 2,800mAh battery.

Huawei P9 - Rs 39,999

(Image: BCCL)

P9 has a similar setup as the iPhone 7 Plus - dual 12MP sensors on the rear but
lacks optical image stabilization. What sets it apart is that the lens has been
developed in partnership with Leica - this results in superior camera
performance even without OIS. It features a 5.2-inch full HD display, 8MP front
camera and runs Android 6.0. Hardware specifications include an octa-core Kirin
955 processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB Storage and a 3,000mAh battery.

HTC One M9 plus - Rs 51,899

(Image: BCCL)

HTC's flagship HTC 10 doesn't feature a dual camera, but they have a premium
offering with dual camera setup on the M9 plus. It features a 20MP primary
camera and a 2MP secondary camera capable of recording 4k videos. There is a 4MP
ultrapixel front camera, 5.2-inch display (2560 x 1440 pixels resolution) and
stereo speakers. Inside is an octa-core Mediatek Helio X10 processor, 3GB RAM,
32GB storage and 2,840mAh battery.

Xolo Black - Rs 8,999

(Image: BCCL)

If you want to try out a dual camera setup before investing in a more expensive
phone, the Xolo Black is an option. The sub-Rs 10,000 phone has a 13MP primary
camera and a 2MP secondary camera that work together to offer shallow depth of
field while shooting. However, its low light performance is not up to the mark.
You get a 5.5-inch full HD display, an octa-core processor, 3GB RAM, 32GB
storage and a 3,200mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

