

The title for the best smartphone camera crown changes multiple times every year

 as the biggest names of the industry compete against each other by cramping
impressive imagery and optical technologies on their latest smartphones- almost
turning them into a mini DSLR.

Right now, we have with us three best Android smartphones that money can buy:
The Samsung Galaxy S7, the HTC 10, and the LG G5. Before we start to do a
side-by-side image quality comparison, let's add a thing or two about the
onboard optics of these smartphones

Samsung decided to revamp its camera strategy for the Galaxy S7 by implementing
a 12MP rear camera module with a faster F1.7 lens. This allows the user to
create natural bokeh effects for close up shots, and capture low-light subject
with less noise.

Don't be fooled by the lower megapixel count, as the new sensor pixel size has
been increased to 1.4um for capturing more light. The 26mm focal length should
be sufficient for clicking wide-angle shots. The front 5MP CMOS snapper is also
treated with a F1.7 lens.

For all those landscape shooters out there, LG made a smart move by implementing
not one, but two different main cameras on the G5: A 16MP camera with F1.8 lens
for all your standard clicks, and an 8MP sensor with F2.4 lens that offers a
135-degree wide-angle view. The front camera consists of an 8MP module and F2
lens.

The HTC 10 is integrated with HTC's best ever 12MP UltraPixel sensor on the back
(1.55um per UltraPixel, 26mm focal length), while the front camera optics
consist of a 5MP image sensor with 23mm wider focal length. Both the cameras
operate with a bright F1.8 lens.

As for the built-in AF system, the Galaxy S7 brings in the goodness of
Dual-Pixel phase detection that can focus quickly even on low-light conditions.
The LG G5 and the HTC 10 are fitted with laser autofocus. All the three
smartphones come with on-board Optical Image Stabilization (OIS) to minimize
shake. It should be noted that the HTC 10 is the world's first smartphone with
OIS for the front camera as well.

While these cameras now allow you to fiddle with different light settings for
better results, it's likely that the majority of users will not go through the
hassles of tweaking them. For our camera comparison, we have set all the three
cameras on Auto mode with HDR and 16:9 ratio capture. The following are the
megapixel configuration that we have chosen for the test:

- Samsung Galaxy S7: 3.8MP front/ 9.1MP rear - LG G5: 8MP front (default)/ 16MP
normal rear, 8MP wide-angle rear (default), OIS selected - HTC 10: 4MP front/
9MP rear

We will be testing the cameras based on the following situations: Outdoor
daytime shots, Indoor shots, Color focused shots, Macro, Zoom, Outdoor night
shots, and People.

1
2
3
4
5
6
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/23/146149660583.JPG



