

HTC 10 has a lot of hype being created about it, and rightly so, since it will
take the top spot against LG G5 and Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 edge as one of
the reigning Android smartphones of 2016. There are several features the device
is expected to come shipped with, and while we have knowledge regarding the
hardware specifications, we want to dive further into how HTC could make this
smartphone one of 2016's most desired ones.

HTC 10 hardware specification breakdown first

The thing with smartphones is that with a small number of high-end chipset
makers, it is relatively easy to tell what is going to be present inside
upcoming flagships like HTC 10. We know majority of manufacturers will opt for
Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820. While Exynos 8890 is also a viable option, we have
never seen HTC create a partnership with Samsung for its mobile SoCs and we do
not end up seeing that in the foreseeable future as well.

Chipset and processor

That being said, HTC 10 will come with a Snapdragon 820. Processed under the
advanced 14nm FinFET technology, Snapdragon 820 might only feature a quad-core
processor, but Apple's dual-core chipsets are the perfect example why the number
of cores are not sufficient enough to justify a performance boost.

Snapdragon 820 will come running the following quad-core based on Qualcomm's
custom developed Kyro processor:

Dual-core 2.15GHz and dual-core 1.6GHz

Unlike some smartphone models out there (most notably Xiaomi Mi5), we do not
believe that HTC 10 will come in different processor models, because let us
honest, it confuses the average consumer and HTC will have a ton of unsold
inventory if it decides to release different models of the same handset.
Besides, the company is in a spot of bother right now, so upping its smartphone
sales would be the best course of action, which we believe would be to release a
single model running the processor at its highest possible frequency.

RAM and internal storage options

Complementing the processor is 4GB of RAM. This amount has become quite common
in expensive Android flagships, and HTC 10 will be looking to equal the amount
present in both Galaxy S6 and LG G5. While the software ultimately determines
how much RAM should be allocated to applications, having more of it eventually
leads to more freedom of control from your smartphone. You obviously want to
fire up apps constantly without feeling that the handset has slowed down due to
high RAM usage. For now, 4GB RAM is definitely the sweet spot for mobile devices
out there but optimizing the custom interface is also not a bad idea, which is a
topic we will get to right at the end.

With One M9, HTC limited the internal storage to 32GB, but it did feature a
microSD card slot with a capacity limit of 200GB. With the upcoming 10, internal
storage could be provided in two separate models; a 32GB one and a 64GB one,
while an external storage feature could be retained up to 200GB. This smartphone
could use the UFS 2.0 as being the standard for its internal storage. Universal
Flash Storage 2.0, or UFS 2.0, is faster than the eMMC (embedded memory card)
standard that was present in devices like Huawei Mate 8, and the image given
below properly summarizes the speed differences between the two standards.

In short, HTC 10's internal storage could be packing faster data transfer speeds
under its belt, but storage flexibility in a smartphone is a very important
feature that companies overlook often and for HTC's sake, we hope that they do
not lock the device down.

Screen size, resolution, battery capacity and other features

For the longest time ever, HTC has never gone beyond the 1080p mark in its
phones, but it is possible that with the announcement of 10, it could all change
very soon. HTC 10 could come with a 5.2 inch screen and a 1440p display. The
results would equal a very crisp display with a high PPI value that will look
absolutely stunning, if not for one major disadvantage, the battery life. QHD
displays rapidly decrease battery life and it is up to HTC to pack in a larger
battery inside its hood. Battery technology has not improved ever since the
introduction of lithium ion and polymer cells so the only ace up HTC's sleeve is
to pack in a larger cell for increased 'screen on' time.

With One M9 coming with a 2,840mAh battery, we are obviously expecting HTC to
deliver well on this front. Before we point this out, all the nay-sayers who
believe that decreasing the smartphone's overall thickness cannot possibly allow
the phone to house a larger battery. Well, to remove your doubt, Samsung did it
with its Galaxy S7. The high-end mobile phone features a 3,000mAh battery and is
400mAh higher than Galaxy S6, while being 1mm thinner. So if Samsung can make
these adjustments, then so can HTC.

1
2
3
4
5
Â»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/146045994663.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/37/146045994870.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/39/146045995085.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/10/146045995255.jpg



