

SMARTPHONE giants Samsung, LG and Chinese firm Huawei are among those set to
unveil the newest versions of their devices when Mobile World Congress (MWC)
begins tomorrow.

The annual technology trade show, held in  Barcelona, has become the regular
launching point for Samsung's range of  Galaxy smartphones - the current
generation S6 was unveiled there last year, and the next generation is expected
to debut this year.

Although the event is not attended by Apple, there will still be high levels of
industry attention, with LG set to announce their next flagship smartphone, the
LG G5, at a press conference tomorrow.

Last year more than 94,000 attended the show, which opens to the public on
Monday and runs until Thursday.

Visitors will have the opportunity to see the new phones announced for the first
time, and the vast range of tablets, wearable devices and other technologies
that are launched during the week.

Reports also suggest Huawei will bring a new phone, smartwatch and laptop to
MWC, while there have also been suggestions Sony will unveil a new tablet,
having refreshed its Xperia Z smartphone line only in the autumn.

Apple recently reported expectations that iPhone sales will drop for the first
time in the device's history amid reports the smartphone market is slowing, but
industry experts suggest rival manufacÂ­turers will want to seize an opportunity
to take ground from them.

Ben Wood, chief of research at analyst firm CCS Insight, said: "Despite a
growing view that design features of smartphones have reached a plateau, we
predict they will remain a headline topic at the  show.

"This is still a huge market, with smartphone sales forecast to exceed  1.6
billion units in 2016.

"This year we expect attention to focus on improving core capabilities, such as
battery life, camera performance, screen technology,  ruggedness and memory
capacity."

Augmented and virtual reality will be prominent themes at Mobile World Congress,
particularly smartphone-based virtual reality products, which are poised for
explosive growth in 2016, said Mr Wood.

