

NEW DELHI: LG will be launching its V20 smartphone in September. While there
isn't much known about the specifications of the upcoming device yet, recent
leaks have provided a look at its design. Now, the South Korean giant has
announced that the V20 will come with a 32-bit high-fidelity Quad DAC (digital
to analog converter). According to LG, the Quad DAC will help in making the
sound output of the phone crisp and clear sound.

It'll also result in up to 50% reduction in ambient noise. The company said that
it worked closely with ESS Technology, a leader in high-performance analog and
audio devices, to ensure that the Quad DAC delivered the best audio experience
for future owners of LG V20 . READ ALSO LG V20 smartphone to launch with Android
7.0 Nougat As per recent leaks, the LG V20 will likely have a dual rear camera
setup and dual-tone LED flash . The renders also revealed that the rear of the
phone will be similar to the company's current flagship - G5. The phone will
also have a fingerprint scanner. LG V20 will reportedly be the company's first
handset to run the latest Android Nougat operating system. It is expected to be
powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. The V20 will succeed the V10. To
recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It features a second
smaller screen above its main 5.7-inch display. The second display is 'Always
On' and can display everything from weather to notifications, even when the
phone is turned off. Key features of the V10 include Qualcomm Snapdragon 808
processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of internal storage, 16MP rear camera, 5MP
front-facing camera and 3,000mAh battery.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

