

John Everington

The Moto X Force is not the kind of smartphone likely to be sported by the
fashion-conscious set on a Friday night at Asia de Cuba or the Jetty Lounge.

Rather, it's the sort of device you carry around when you're doing something
active and high impact. Or failing that, it's great if you've got young children
who can't keep their slippery hands off your expensive gadgets.

The X Force isn't designed to win any beauty contests. Its simple metal frame is
offset by a rugged "ballistic nylon" textured back that feels rugged in the
hand, but also a little cheap.

Its 21 megapixel rear camera takes impressive images in a range of conditions,
while falling a little short of the likes of the Galaxy S7 and the LG G5. And
the 5.4 inch Amoled display promises a lot but falls a little short.

But you don't buy a smartphone called X Force for its camera, design and
display. You buy it because it's tough. And make no mistake, this is a
high-impact smartphone.

I didn't have the nerve to test whether it could withstand a five-foot drop on a
tiled floor as Motorola claims. However, its display survived without blemish
after being dropped face down on a hardwood floor several times, as well as a
number of medium-force blows from a standard hammer.

Most gratifyingly, it survived 24 hours in the company of a colleague's
one-year-old, who had inflicted impressive damage on his mother's iPhone a week
earlier.

Not only did the X Force remain unscathed, its 5MP front camera is intuitive
enough even for a toddler to take (several) selfies.

Despite being on the market for some months, the Moto X Force is still a little
pricey at about Dh2,549, more than both the HTC 10 and the LG G5. But while it
lags in terms of display and camera specs, its nigh-on unbreakable design will
definitely appeal to rugged outdoor types, as well as any parent whose little
darling delights in causing damage to expensive gadgets.

q&a tough and resilient all day long

John Everington expands on the Moto X Force's tough credibility:

So how did Motorola make it so tough? Did they leave it in the oven for an extra
12 hours?

It's what they call "ShatterShield" screen technology. It's made up of five
layers, starting with a rigid aluminium chassis and the aforementioned Amoled
display, which is in itself quite flexible. Then there's a dual touch layer, an
interior lens and an outer screen protection ShatterShield lens.

So how tough is it really? Should I take it rock climbing with me?

Motorola is pretty realistic that the X Force is resilient but probably not
designed to be dropped 200 feet off a mountain. That being said, it's tough
enough to be dropped on a hard floor by a toddler (and an adult for that
matter), which matters more to most of us than its climbing credentials.

You mentioned something about a disappointing display?

Disappointing is maybe too strong a word. The X Force's Amoled display has a
stunning 540 pixels per inch density, promising great images. But given the
added screen protection layers, the effect is a little diminished. While videos
look high quality, you don't quite get the brilliant colours of the Galaxy S7
Edge.

What else should I know?

It has a large battery that'll get you through the day with no problem. Internal
memory is expandable up to 256GB via microSD. Regrettably, there's no
fingerprint scanner. And as for that ballistic nylon finish? It's not available
in rose gold.

jeverington@thenational.ae

