

HANNspree HANNSfries 10-inch LCD television, no price yet and no date for
release.

Not, of course, that you'd want to encourage any children of yours to eat fries
with huge dabs of ketchup -- or, in fact, put anything in their rooms that would
cause them to watch even more television than they do, but, hey, this does look
cute. It's a packet of friesTV set from HANNspree (www.hannspree-usa.com) which
is noted for its free form video hardware offerings that brighten up a home,
especially if you're into the pop art of decades ago.

LG Chocolate Flip (LG 8600) wireless phone, $130 with a three-year Telus
contract, $330 without a contract.

Stylish and sleek is how Telus describes this latest offering from LG, which
comes with television, radio (commercial free from XM Canada) and MP3s, a 1.3
megapixel camera and camcorder, downloadable video clips and games. As well,
users in British Columbia, Alberta and parts of Ontario can use Telus Navigator,
which offers real-time audio and visual turn-by-turn directions to help you get
to your destination. Oh, and you can use it to phone people.

Motion Computing LE1700 Core 2 Duo tablet PC, starting at $2,200 US.

Aimed at professionals in fields like health care, field sales and services,
government and the hospitality industry, the LE1700 has what it calls WriteTouch
display that allows you to both write with a digital pen and with a simple
double tap on the screen to switch to using your finger to enter data. And while
the WriteTouch system will allow both pen and finger input it won't respond to
anything else touching the screen. Also comes with a biometric fingerprint
reader that can operate as a mouse.

Samsung SPH-m610 wireless phone, $150 with a three-year contract from Bell
Mobility, $350 without a contract.

The word from the Duchess of Windsor (you do remember her, don't you?) was that
you couldn't be too slim and apparently both Bell and Samsung have taken this to
heart with the SPH-m610, which is less than half an inch thick. Oh, and should
you care, once you've seen the phone, it will allow you to view movies, listen
to stereo MP3 sound, offers TV on the go, ringtones and screen savers, as well
as allowing you to phone your friends to let them know that your phone is so
thin they'll squeal with envy.

networks@png.canwest.com

