

NEW DELHI: Here's another smartphone that will come with the upcoming version of
Android operating system Nougat, LG V20. The South Korean tech giant, which
recently confirmed LG V10 successor V20 said that it will be the company's first
smartphone to run on Android 7.0 Nougat.The firm not only did reveal the name of
the handset and the Android version it will be running on, but also confirmed
that the handset will be launched as soon as next month. As per the firm, the
focus of the V20 will be that of delivering a better multimedia experience. LG
has not revealed anything else about the device so far.

It is likely that the handset will come with Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
.To recall, the LG V10 was launched last year in October. It features another
screen above the main 5.7-inch display. The second display can stay on to
display weather, time and date when the main display is turned off. It has room
for frequently-used apps and can receive notifications while using the main
screen to watch a video.Some of the features included in the V10 are Qualcomm
Snapdragon 808 processor, 4GB RAM, 64GB internal storage, 16MP rear camera, 5MP
front-facing camera, and 3,000mAh battery.The South Korean tech giant has
announced its financial results for Q2 2016. The company shipped a total of 13.9
million smartphones in the second quarter, an increase of 3% from the previous
quarter. The mobile division also registered revenues of $2.86 billion, a 12%
increase over the first quarter, while declining over the same period the year
before. LG reported an operating loss of $132.10 million, blaming "reflected
increased marketing expenditures and somewhat slow initial sales of G5
smartphone."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

