
DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Jan. 9 -- Smart Homes >>

Today, we randomly use technology to take care of our electrical appliances. The
only problem is that all the smart appliances are quite expensive. But now, with
Apple and Google pushing aggressively into the smart home market with the
smartphone as the centre of the universe, the component prices have also
decreased. So in the New Year, things would only improve and one would finally
be able to unlock the doors using the smartphone without having to fish out the
home keys.

Wearables >>

Every tech company is trying to find out the next big thing after the
smartphone. For some, the future lies with VR, while for others, the answer is a
wearable. Be it a smartwatch or a smart shoe, the companies believe that smart
wearables are the next milestone. Apple gave a big push to the idea with the
Apple Watch last year. Now with Apple Watch 2 set to see the light of the day,
and companies like Samsung and Sony too stepping up their game, this could well
be an interesting year for the wearables.

Focus on Phones

Be it changing status on Facebook or checking bank balance, we do almost
everything using the smartphone. This year too, the smartphone market is set to
create more buzz.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 6C >>

If things fall in place, Apple will launch iPhone 7 in September. It will not
only come out with a new design, but will also be thinner and faster than the
previous models. But will it do away with the iPhone jack? Will the home button
disappear? And will it be made of liquid metal? So before its launch, one will
have plenty to think about. In all probability, there will be an iPhone 6C this
year with a smaller iPhone 5-esque screen.

Virtual Reality/Augmented Reality Phones >>

Be it the new entrants Oculus or tech giants Samsung and Google, many companies
have been trying to make some Virtual Reality headsets for quite some time. No
one outside the tech bubble cared about them. Even with Google Cardboard, VR
failed to take hold. No one from the cheapest Google Cardboard to the costliest
Oculus Rift could figure out how to stop users from puking their brains out
while donning a VR headset.

This year, with better screens and powerful processors capable of playing video
at better frame rates, could see VR finally making it to the mainstream league.
And it is not just VR. With Microsoft promising to ship a developed version of
its HoloLens sometime this year, it could also be the year when augmented
reality, where we see images superimposed on real life objects, could enter the
popular imagination. The second generation of Google Glass also is set to be in
the market soon.

LG G5 >>

LG has been making some of the most admired Android phones recently. The next
iteration, the G5, is likely to be a stunner if we are to believe serial phone
secret leaker Evan Blass. It will reportedly come with a second screen for
notifications and stuff, will sport a full-metal body and the most surprising of
all, it will come with a 'Magic Slot' that will be used for the likes of 'VR,
360 and Party'.

Surface Phone >>

Microsoft is like the McDonald's of the technology world. Yes, it is selling and
making tons of money from its Windows and Office products. But the younger lot
don't want them anymore. They want something brand new. This year could see the
company coming up with its elusive Surface Phone. Will it be the dream phone to
make Windows fans swoon? Will it be the iPhone killer? Only time will tell.

Samsung Galaxy S7 >>

Samsung hoped that the Galaxy S6 will revive its fledgling fortunes. But it
didn't. They also expected the S6 Edge to do the trick, but even that failed.
Samsung will inevitably come back this year with the S7 and its curved sibling,
the S7 Edge. Both the phones are expected to be launched sometime in March
during the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona and both the phones are expected
to be pretty similar to their predecessors. They will be packed with more
powerful internals, a bigger camera and the new USB C port for charging and data
transfers.

Matham is a tech geek.

Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

