
DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 11 -- 360 degree videos, also known as immersive videos, are
expected to revolutionize filmmaking, social media videos and news reporting,
with Facebook this week allowing 360 photos to be uploaded by users.

The technology is fast growing in popularity with several affordable cameras
available on the market. The video from BBC below demonstrates the technology
where users can browse within the video.

Facebook said on its blog: "We introduced photos on Facebook more than a decade
ago, and they quickly became one of the main ways that people share their
experiences with their friends and the world. Hundreds of millions of photos are
shared on Facebook each day, from fun snapshots to photos of major life
milestones, and everything in between."

"Today, we're improving photos on Facebook so that people can share more
immersive views of their world."

Users can now simply take a panorama with a phone or capture a 360-degree photo
using a 360 photo app or 360 camera, and post it on Facebook like a normal
photo.

Facebook will then convert it to an immersive 360 photo that people can explore,
similar to how people experience 360 videos on Facebook.

The technology is set to transform filmmaking and news reporting, and some news
crews have already hit the road with their 360 cameras.

In terms of the gear you need, there are several options such as the LG 360 CAM
or the Ricoh Theta S. The LG 360 CAM appears to be the cheapest on the market,
priced at around 285 US dollars.

The LG 360 CAM is their virtual reality-shooting camera, launched as a 'friend'
to the G5 phone alongside its 360 VR headset. But owning a LG phone isn't a
prerequisite, and it can be used with an iPhone or, with some effort, on its
own, reviewers say.

The camera has two sensors pointing in opposite directions, one on each side,
and both are equipped with a fish-eye lens so that together they capture the
full spherical 360-degree image. LG doesn't provide much in the way of details
about what is inside, but with 13-megapixels each lens has a 206-degree view.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Lanka Business Report. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

