

ALL mobile phone manufacturers - all except Apple, that is - assembled in
Barcelona last week to show off their latest releases.

Mobile World Congress is always a great place to spot trends and see
up-andcoming p com gad rangin ing ra gadgets ranging anging from the sublime,
such as the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, to the ridiculous (LG Rolling Bot, I'm
looking at you).

Along the way, new handsets from Sony and HTC were unveiled, plus several
gadgets designed for the next big thing: Virtual Reality.

Here, we take a closer look at some of the top items that got the tech world
talking.

talking. g.

SAMSUNG GALAXY S7 EDGE Out in April from free on contract THIS takes last year's
striking S6 edge design and improves it. More comfortable in the hand and
better-looking with a highresolution 5.5in display. It adds a camera with only
12 megapixels compared to last year's 16MP but the bigger sensor and pixels mean
better pics. It can handle autofocus almost instantaneously.

The battery charges from flat to more than half in ten minutes. The screen's a
clock when the phone's asleep. Oh, and it's waterproof, too.

LG G5 Out in April, from free on contract THIS is a big change for LG. It's what
it calls a modular phone.

You can slide off the base to replace it with a camera shutter unit with a big
battery inside. That's much easier to hold for photography.

Or swap the base for a Bang & Olufsen-produced Digital Analogue Converter -
basically it turns up the music quality massively.

The phone itself is very sleek and much better looking than last year's G4 with
a 5.3in display.

It has two cameras on the back, one for regular shots, one for wide angles.

LG ROLLING BOT Out in April, price to be announced THIS one is nuts - it's a
remote control ball a bit smaller than a football that rolls round your home
like a spherical security guard.

It can beam footage of what it sees to your LG phone.

A speaker means that you can talk to your kids or pets. And a laser beam
(seriously) can entertain the cat.

It can even control devices with infra-red.

SONY XPERIA XA Out in the summer, £250 on pay as you go UNLIKE the LG and
Samsung phones, this is not a top-of-therange handset.

It's a mid-range blower. But you wouldn't know that by looking at it.

It has a 5in screen that goes right to the edge on both sides with almost no
visible bezel.

It also has a 13-megapixel camera and the latest Android software. This could
really be one to watch.

HTC VIVE Out in April, £575 THIS is the most accomplished virtual reality set-up
out there and HTC showed off improvements and announced the price.

It comes complete with headset, room sensors and hand controllers, though you
need to supply your own (high-end) computer to use it.

Image quality is amazing and gaming is deeply immersive.

If VR does catch on this year, this should be the go-to gadget for it.

afi SAMSUNG GEAR 360 Out in April, price to be announced BARELY bigger than a
golf ball, this round camera has lenses front and back. It shoots video on both
and the Galaxy S7 app stitches the footage together into one wraparound whole.
View it on the phone or in a virtual reality headset - the results are amazing.

aprt ahat Holiday movies have never looked as good as they do through this!

MICROSOFT LUMIA 650 Out soon, £150 on pay as you go THIS is a great-value
smartphone and if you use a Windows PC, it'll be instantly recognisable because
it uses Windows 10.

This phone has a decent 5in screen and so-so eightmegapixel camera.

It doesn't have Continuum - the feature where you can connect a Windows handset
to a screen to work like a regular computer - but it's still highly usable and
comes at a great price.

HTC DESIRE 530 Out soon, price to be announced THIS is a very slick-looking
handset, despite being highly affordable.

It has a new design element called "micro splash", which scatters colours on the
back of the phone so that every handset is different. It looks very cool.

The 5in screen is bright and reasonably sharp - good for the price.

The camera is an average eight megapixel job.

