

Almost 100,000 people are expected to attend Mobile World Congress in Barcelona
this week, with companies such as Samsung, LG and Sony due to unveil their
newest cutting-edge smartphones and tablets.

Under the over-arching theme of Mobile is Everything, the event will examine
topics such as 5G, digital commerce, disaster response, enterprise mobility,
gaming, the internet of things, machine learning, security, smart cities and
virtual reality/augmented reality.

The chief executives of AT&T, BT, Cisco, Huawei, Stripe, Vodafone and WPP are
all confirmed to speak at the four-day event, with the speaker line-up also
including Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, Getty Images chief executive Dawn
Airey, BuzzFeed founder Jonah Peretti and PayPal president Dan Schulman.

Among the most highly anticipated keynote sessions is a presentation by Qualcomm
president Derek Aberle, who will be joined on stage by three-time Formula One
World Champion driver Lewis Hamilton, to discuss how wireless technology is
transforming the future of consumer automotive through motorsport.

"We have an outstanding line-up of chief executives confirmed for this year's
Mobile World Congress, including several who are first-time keynotes at
Barcelona," said GSMA chief marketing officer Michael O'Hara. "This year's
speakers will share insights on a range of hot topics in mobile, from mobile
identity to the internet of things, from digital inclusion to industry
disruption, from network evolution to entertainment, among others."

Samsung released its Galaxy S6 to great reviews at last year's Mobile World
Congress, and this year it is expected to follow up with the Galaxy S7, while LG
is due announce its new G5 Android smartphone.

For the first time in MWC history, the event will showcase drones within the
exclusive Drone Zone.

Mobile World Congress 2015 was a record-breaking year, with more than 94,000
attendees, 2,199 exhibitors and more than 3,800 journalists and industry
analysts.

Elsewhere, as part of Galway Mayo Institute of Technology's (GMIT) annual New
Frontiers pitching competition and awards ceremony, GMIT will host a free
one-day conference on the internet of things. With more than 34 billion devices
expected to be connected to the internet by 2020, and almost $6 trillion
forecast be spent on internet of things solutions over the next five years, it
is a hot topic.

Speakers will include VT Networks founder Mark Bannon, Sigfox UK and Ireland
sales director Kevin Maher, Firmwave chief executive Fintan McGovern and
WebThings Group director Justin Tisbury.

