

360 cameras are not breakthrough products anymore. The Ricoh Theta pioneered
consumer 360 cameras in 2013 and, since then, rivals such as the Bublcam, Allie
Cam and 360cam have been launched.

However, this year marks the first time that major smartphone manufacturers are
jumping into the fray. Samsung launched the Gear 360 just last week, and the LG
360 Cam will hit Singapore shelves this month.

The LG 360 Cam is a compact, flat grey unit, slightly longer than a credit card
and about two finger-widths thick. It has a protective cover that can be slid
over the bottom of the camera and used as a grip. Without it, the device weighs
just 77g.

Like most other 360 cameras, the LG 360 Cam has two fisheye lenses placed back
to back. Each one has a 13-megapixel sensor with a 200-degree field of view.

The camera is simple to use with just two buttons - a power button and a shutter
button. Each does double duty. Long-press the power button to toggle 180 and 360
capture, and long-press the shutter button to toggle between picture and video.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $398, or $298 if purchased with LG G5 phone

CONNECTIVITY: Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and USB

MEMORY: 4GB internal (cannot be used to take pictures), expandable up to 2TB
with a microSD card

CAMERA: Two 13-megapixel cameras

RATINGFEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

The LG 360 Cam can be used without a phone, but if you wish to pair it with one,
that can be done through the 360 Cam Manager app on both Android and iOS.

With the app, you can download the files into your phone, and share the photos
or videos straight to social media sites.

Pairing the camera with your phone also lets you compose shots and videos
through the app's virtual viewfinder.

And, aside from being able to see through this viewfinder, you can choose from a
list of pre-set modes such as scenery and sport, and manually control variables
such as the ISO, shutter speed and white balance.

The pictures produced by the camera were reasonably clear and, most of the time,
the stitching where the two images met was unnoticable.

However, in a handful of pictures that I took, inaccurate stitching resulted in
objects being cut off or two images of the same thing.

Overall, the image and video quality of the 360 Cam is high enough for sharing
on YouTube or Facebook, which both support 360 video.

The 360 Cam has an internal microphone with 5.1 channel recording and managed to
capture audio direction quite clearly during my tests. However, it does not have
a microphone jack, which may be a limitation for users who want to focus on
voice or speech.

There is also no internal memory in the camera, and you will need a microSD card
(not included) in order to start snapping. Even if a phone is synced and you can
see a live preview through the virtual viewfinder, you cannot store images
directly on your phone.

Despite these minor drawbacks, the LG 360 won me over with its ease of use and
sharing, which takes us one step closer to bringing virtual reality experiences
to the everyday consumer.

Â· Verdict: While the LG 360 Cam is not perfect, it is a big step towards making
360 photo/video creation a lot more consumer-friendly.

