

Mark Zuckerberg may have made an impromptu appearance at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona yesterday, but the star of the show was virtual reality.

All eyes were on Samsung's new Gear virtual reality headsets as the South Korean
company handed out 5,000 of them to people to watch its press conference via the
3D technology.

The nuts and bolts of Samsung's presentation, and that of its rival LG, were new
smartphones with improved cameras. It used the industry jamboree on the shores
of the Mediterranean to launch the flatscreen Galaxy S7 and the curved-screen
Galaxy S7 edge, both models featuring cameras that can take better pictures
under low-light conditions.

However, the world's No 1 smartphone maker also demonstrated its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona. The camera takes allaround photos
and videos that can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive
experiences on its virtual reality Gear VR headsets, which went on sale in
November.

"User-generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016," Ben Wood, the chief of research at CCS Insight, said. "Numerous
360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get access to this
content.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset. This is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."

In a surprise appearance at the Samsung press conference, which had hundreds of
delegates rushing to the stage to take photos and videos on smartphones, Mr
Zuckerberg announced a partnership between Facebook and the South Korean company
to promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality, and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said. The billionaire Facebook co-founder added
that VR headsets would "change the way you live, work and communicate".

Facebook paid $2 billion for Oculus Rift, the pioneer in modern virtual reality
technology, two years ago and will launch its first consumer devices this year
at a cost of $699 (Â£494). Samsung, meanwhile, will give away its headset with
some pre-orders of its new smartphone.

Price remains an issue for the products, as was evident with Vive, HTC's new VR
headset, which was priced at $799. Including the computer and graphics card
needed to support the Vive, the headset could cost $1,500.

LG also revealed a new design for virtual reality that was more akin to
traditional glasses. Yet, like Samsung, the glasses work only with a specific
handset made by the company. In this case, it works with the LG G5, which is one
of the first "modular" smartphones to hit the mainstream.

It will enable users to replace components such as the battery to create a
handset that suits their needs.

Berenberg analysts said that 2016 probably would be the year of virtual reality,
with LG, Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Facebook all pushing the concept and set to
launch products. The bank noted comments from Mr Zuckerberg that Facebook was
working on a social version of the technology that could take it beyond its
assumed destination, the gaming market.

Make 5G a social network, says Zuckerberg

Behind the story

The founder of Facebook has lambasted the mobile phone industry over its
obsession with the so-called internet of things, telling the world's largest
smartphone conference that 5G networks should be about connecting people, not
OBJECTs (Nic Fildes writes).

Mark Zuckerberg told the Mobile World Congress that there would still be three
billion people with no internet access by 2020, but the debate around 5G
networks, the next generation of mobile technology, has been focused on
connecting machines rather than expanding into untapped markets. "One thing that
I've heard that I find personally disappointing is that 4G is about connecting
people and 5G is about connecting things," he said.

He called on mobile phone companies to focus on boosting bandwidth and
connecting the half of the world that does not yet have internet access, rather
than Just "making a lot of money by doubling down and building better networks
for rich people".

Facebook is working on PROJECTs to get internet access to remote areas, such as
the Amazon rainforest, including the development of a giant solar-powered
lightweight drone, called ProJect Aquila, that can beam down bandwidth via
laser. Mr Zuckerberg dismissed as "cynical arguments" that its push into
emerging markets was designed to boost its own business. "Most people think
companies don't care about anything but making money," he said.

Despite his pleas about 5G needing to connect the world, the billionaire
emphasised the potential of virtual reality technology to be "the killer app for
5G". Virtual reality - immersive 360-degree video viewed via giant goggles
attached to a smartphone - consumes a huge amount of network power, but will
gain popularity, according to Mr Zuckerberg, who said that VR would represent
the future of social media. He intends to film his daughter's first steps using
VR, for example.

Some countries are already planning 5G networks, including South Korea and
Australia, but Britain is unlikely to get such an upgrade until 2020, at the
earliest. Vittorio Colao, chief executive of Vodafone, said the investment in
the new network technology would be "massive".

