

Mark Zuckerberg may have made an impromptu appearance at the Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona yesterday, but the star of the show was virtual reality.

All eyes were on Samsung's new Gear virtual reality headsets as the South Korean
company handed out 5,000 of them to people to watch its press conference via the
3D technology. The nuts and bolts of Samsung's presentation, and that of its
rival LG, were new smartphones with improved cameras. It used the industry
jamboree on the shores of the Mediterranean to launch the flatscreen Galaxy S7
and the curved-screen Galaxy S7 edge, both models featuring cameras that can
take better pictures under low-light conditions.

However, the world's No 1 smartphone maker also demonstrated its first
360-degree camera, the Gear 360, in Barcelona. The camera takes allaround photos
and videos that can be uploaded to Facebook and YouTube, or viewed as immersive
experiences on its virtual reality Gear VR headsets, which went on sale in
November.

"User-generated 360-degree photos and films are going to see rapid growth in
2016," Ben Wood, the chief of research at CCS Insight, said. "Numerous
360-degree cameras are being launched and users will want to get access to this
content.

"Although it can be viewed on a standard smartphone or PC screen, the most
impactful way of looking at this content is with a VR headset. This is
undoubtedly going to drive sales of these products."

In a surprise appearance at the Samsung press conference, which had hundreds of
delegates rushing to the stage to take photos and videos on smartphones, Mr
Zuckerberg announced a partnership between Facebook and the South Korean company
to promote the use of virtual reality on the social network.

"We want to make Facebook the best video platform for virtual reality, and
Samsung is the only company in the world that can provide a good experience in
terms of virtual reality," he said. The billionaire Facebook co-founder added
that VR headsets would "change the way you live, work and communicate".

Facebook paid $2 billion for Oculus Rift, the pioneer in modern virtual reality
technology, two years ago and will launch its first consumer devices this year
at a cost of $699 (Â£494). Samsung, meanwhile, will give away its headset with
some pre-orders of its new smartphone.

Price remains an issue for the products, as was evident with Vive, HTC's new VR
headset, which was priced at $799. Including the computer and graphics card
needed to support the Vive, the headset could cost $1,500.

LG also revealed a new design for virtual reality that was more akin to
traditional glasses. Yet, like Samsung, the glasses work only with a specific
handset made by the company. In this case, it works with the LG G5, which is one
of the first "modular" smartphones to hit the mainstream.

It will enable users to replace components such as the battery to create a
handset that suits their needs.

Berenberg analysts said that 2016 probably would be the year of virtual reality,
with LG, Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Facebook all pushing the concept and set to
launch products. The bank noted comments from Mr Zuckerberg that Facebook was
working on a social version of the technology that could take it beyond its
assumed destination, the gaming market.

