

Keep your eyes peeled.

There's always another smartphone on the horizon. After the launch of major
high-end models such as HTC 10, Samsung Galaxy S7, LG G5, OnePlus 3, Xiaomi Mi 5
and others in India, companies now seem likely to focus on the mid-range
smartphone market in the next few weeks.

Here is a list of 9 impressive Android smartphones touted to hit the market in
the near future:

Samsung Galaxy Note 6

The next Note from Samsung will reportedly feature 6 GB of RAM. In keeping with
the trend, the company is expected to launch two versions of the phone: one
powered by an Exynos processor, and the other by a Snapdragon 823 processor. The
version featuring the Exynos processor is likely to be launched in India.

The Galaxy Note 6 is expected to run on Android N rather than Marshmallow- if
true, this is a definite reason for excitement as Android N is as yet a mystery.

Moto Z and Moto Z Force

The Moto Z and Moto Z Force smartphones will be showcased at the Lenovo Tech
World Show in San Francisco, and launched along with the Moto Mods. The Moto Z
Force is more powerful, with a bigger battery, better rear camera and a second
generation Shatter Shield display. The two smartphones are expected to hit
shelves in India in September-October.

Lenovo Phab 2 Pro

The Lenovo Phab 2 Pro is the world's first Tango-enabled smartphone. Tango is a
new technology from Google that enables augmented reality (AR) gaming and
utilities.

The Phab 2 Pro boasts of a 6.40-inch display with a resolution of 1440x2560
pixels, a 1.8GHz octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor, 4GB of RAM and
64GB of internal storage which may be expanded using a microSD card. It also has
a 16 MP rear camera and an 8 MP front camera.The device is expected to launch in
India later this year.

Xiaomi Mi 5 Pro

Although there has been no official word from the company regarding a launch in
India, it remains a possibility as Xiaomi has not ruled it out. Xiaomi Mi 5 Pro
features a 5.15 Inch display, with Snapdragon 820 quad-core processor, 4GB RAM,
128GB ROM, a 16MP rear and 4MP front dual camera, and comes with an installed
MIUI 7 OS.

Lenovo Zuk Z2

Launched in May in China, the Lenovo Zuk Z2 has a 5-inch Full HD display with
1080x1920 pixel resolution. The device OS is Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and the
phone is powered by a quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. Other
specifications include 4 GB of RAM, 64 GB of unexpandable internal storage, and
a 13MP rear camera with an 8 MP front camera.

Le 2 Pro

LeEco is expected to launch its Le 2 Pro soon in India. It features a 5.5-inch
Full HD display with 1,080x1,920 pixels resolution and is powered by a 2.5GHz
MediaTek Helio X25 processor.The smartphone offers 4GB of RAM and 64GB of
internal storage, along with a 21MP rear camera along with LED flash and an 8MP
front camera. It runs on a 3,000 mAh battery and features 4G LTE, Wi-Fi,
Bluetooth, GPS and microUSB Type-C.

Samsung Galaxy A9

Samsung is expected to introduce its Galaxy A9 smartphone in India. It has
already been unveiled in China. The key features of Galaxy A9 are a 6-inch
screen, 4,000mAh battery and fingerprint sensor. The smartphone houses an
octa-core Snapdragon 652 processor with 3GB RAM, 16GB internal storage, a 13MP
rear camera and an 8MP selfie camera.

Asus Zenfone 3

Asus is expected to soon launch its Zenfone 3 series in India. The company is
expected to launch multiple smartphones under the Zenfone 3 moniker. The
upcoming Zenfone 3 smartphones are rumoured to have features such as a
fingerprint scanner and USB Type-C port.On the software side, the devices will
feature Android 6.0 Marshmallow along with the latest version of Zen UI.

Xiaomi Redmi 3

Xiaomi is expected to launch the successor to the budget Redmi 2 smartphone in
India soon. It is one of Xiaomi's most popular smartphones.

The Redmi 3 has a metallic body housing with a massive 4,100mAh battery.

It is powered by the new 64-bit octa-core Snapdragon 616 processor with 2GB RAM
and 16GB internal storage. Both SIM card slots can support 4G0, and there is a
13MP rear camera along with a 5MP selfie camera.

