

The LG G5 is a curious creature, a commutable chimera that has two roles: as a
standalone flagship smartphone, and as the nexus of a modular add-on ecosystem.

On its own, the G5 is a competent, playful device. But as the first phone to
introduce modular components to the consumer market, it is a trailblazer.

Creating a modular phone has been somewhat of a Holy Grail for some smartphone
makers over the last few years. A flexible, interchangeable set-up allows for
easy upgrades, less electronic waste, greater customisability and lower overall
costs.

Prominent examples include Google's modular smartphone Project Ara, which is
scheduled to begin pilot testing this year, and indie projects such as
PuzzlePhone and Phonebloks, which have generated significant traction.

But LG is the first major manufacturer to hit the market with two adds-ons: the
LG Cam Plus and the LG Hi-Fi Plus with B&O Play.

Both attachments can be snapped on to the G5's removable battery, and then
slotted back into the phone.

The Cam Plus acts as a handgrip, and adds physical shutter, video and zoom
buttons to the camera, while the Hi-Fi Plus is a portable digital-to-analog
converter for audiophiles.

For now, neither one is integral to the operation of the phone, and neither is
there a guarantee that they will work with future LG phone models.

But they portend a future where phone modules can be swopped out like desktop
components, and LG should be lauded for taking the risk of building them.

As a standalone phone, the G5 ticks all the right boxes, and there is a
refreshing sense of playfulness pervading its design.

PRICE: $988

PROCESSOR: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 (Dual-core 2.15 GHz & dual-core 1.6 GHz)

DISPLAY: 5.3-inch Quad HD IPS Quantum Display, 2, 560 x 1,440 (554 ppi pixel
density)

OPERATING SYSTEM: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow)

CAMERA: (Dual lens, rear) Standard 16MP, Wide 8MP, (Front) 8MP

MEMORY: 32GB (microSD expandable up to 2TB), 4GB RAM

BATTERY: Removable 2,800mAh

DESIGN: 4/5

FEATURES: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 5/5

OVERALL: 4/5

The 5.3-inch G5 sits easily in the hand, with its glass-and-metal alloy
construction given a less severe edge by a layer of textured primer coating the
phone's shell.

Its edges are pleasingly curved, although the bump on the back of the phone to
house its dual cameras is rather prominent.

The G5's physical buttons are well placed and easily accessible, with a volume
rocker and latch on the left, 3.5mm port on the top and a SIM/microSD card tray
on the right.

Under the hood is the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, Adreno 530
graphics and up to 2TB of expandable storage.

In my time with the phone, it was unfailingly responsive.

In terms of performance, it is right up there with the best in the market right
now.

The removable 2,800mAh battery of the phone is also a big plus, given that the
ability to change the battery is something that is often missing from many
high-end handsets these days.

To swop out the juice pack, press a latch on the bottom left of the phone to
slide the battery and connector out. A tagline scrawled on the bright chartreuse
battery makes the G5's design philosophy clear: "Life's good when you play
more."

The phone's UX 5.0 interface is also cheerful, with bright and bold icons. The
default UI does not have an app drawer, but users can get this convenient
feature by downloading the LG Home 4.0 launcher.

The camera yields highly detailed photographs, and captures textures and small
features well under both bright daylight and indoor fluorescent light.

It focuses fast, and I found the wide-angle mode a huge plus, as it was
particularly useful when taking scenery shots or big-group photos in confined
settings.

I did find the colours to be a little cool, though, and, in low light, the
pictures were noisier than I expected. But most of the time, the G5's camera is
more than enough to produce great pictures.

Â·The G5 is a playful, fun, high- performing flagship that heralds a possible
modular smartphone future.

