

As MWC 2016 begins, we'll bring you regular updates from Barcelona on what is
the telecom industry's biggest show.

The Mobile World Congress (http://indianexpress.com/tag/congress/) kicks off
today with most smartphone, networking and silicon companies showcasing their
latest products and technologies. Over the next three days we will bring you
regular updates from Barcelona on what is the telecom industry's biggest show.

7.30 am: The buzz here is about how Samsung's press conference seems to have
been the biggest push for consumer VR technology so far. Everyone who attended
is awed by the scale of what Samsung did, though not everyone enjoyed the long
VR experience.

8 am: Qualcomm press briefing on "Bringing the Future Forward Faster" addressed
by Steve Mollenkopf and Christiano Amon.

See possibility of smartphone technologies spilling over to new fields, says
Mollenkopf. Adding features that are required to let 5G work effectively.

"5G will be evolution of 4G (http://indianexpress.com/tag/4g/) with a product
perspective. Impossible to have a 5G play without product play," he says,
underlining the importance of being an SoC player.

Big Qualcomm announcements for MWC 2016 include Snapdragon 820 on LG G5 and
Samsung Galaxy S7 and the HP Elite X3, all show-stoppers. The company has also
announced Snapdragon 625, 435 and 425.

Snapdragon Wear platform with 2100w SoC, and ecosystem starts getting traction.
One of the showcases at MWC along with Gigabit speed LTE with Snapdragon X16
Modem.

"With Snapdragon 820 you are going to see VR uses cases and desktop scenarios in
the coming versions," says Amon. 4K display, high frame-rates also coming, he
says, adding that devices will become commercially available in near future.
"The importance of timing in audio and visual is very high in VR," adds
Mollenkopf.

5G prototypes will start in 2018 and commercial deployment will start around
2020, says Amon.

8:45 am: Sony today launches the Xperia X and Xperia XA at the MWC. The launches
came as a surprise to many as the company has not been that successful with its
latest launches. The two devices carry forward the Xperia design from and will
have improved cameras and battery life.

9.30 am : One very interesting device here is the Nokia Ozo VR camera which will
in all probability be the first cinema grade virtual reality recorder. The
device comes with capability to record and store up to 45 minutes of audio and
video. I checked out the results first hand and the VR quality is really high
standard.

Nokia thinks this will be able to revolutionise movie making. The camera has a
starting price of $60000 and professional models will cost more.

9.45 am: Another surprise launch was the Huawei Matebook 2-in-1 based on Intel
Core M processor. The Surface Pro 4 lookalike could be the most.serious threat
yet to the Microsoft (http://indianexpress.com/tag/microsoft/) flagship. Read
more about Huawei MateBook here.
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/huawei-matebook-specs-l
aunch-price-features/)

Disclaimer: The author is in Barcelona on the invite of Qualcomm, which is
paying for travel and accommodation.

