

BUY A DESKTOP personal computer or a notebook? Many first-time buyers find
themselves in such a dilemma. But making a decision need not be daunting if you
prioritise your needs. Just think of three basic functions: portability,
performance and price.

Here is a guide to help with your final buying decision...

Are you deskbound?

If your work largely revolves around the office or the home, get a desktop PC.

Do you travel often?

A notebook is ideal. Its size usually fits into a brief case or a hand-carry.
Women should con- sider an ultra portable which can easily slip into their
handbag. For instance, the Sony VaioTX17GP weighs only 1.24kg and is about as
thick as a copy of The Straits Times. While on the road, it is essential to have
good security to keep documents and data safe. The latest notebooks come with
many security options. Some like the LG S1 Express Dual notebook features a
Finger Print reader allowing access only to authorised users.

Workspace a premium?

If you're in a studio apartment or if your bedroom has space for only a small
table, then a notebook is an obvious choice. The desktop on the other hand with
its attendant wires, peri- pheral devices like monitor and keyboard, will take
up more space.

Worried about notebook performance?

The latest notebooks today come with Intel's Centrino Duo Core mobile technology
for better performance and longer battery life.

LG, for instance, introduced the Express Dual notebooks - a new series of
multimedia and entertaiment notebooks based on the Intel Centrino Duo Core
mobile technology. A standard notebook should also come with wireless technology
allowing you to surf the Internet wirelessly.

Expandability of desktops

Desktops have a better roadmap for performance and equipment upgrades. It is
easier to plug in a more powerful graphics card or more memory or even a faster
processor. It is also easier to mix and match peripheral devices like a new
wireless keyboard or a larger screen.

For that reason, graphic artists and desktop publishers prefer desktops for
their larger screens and performance.

Got style

Increasingly manufacturers of both PCs and notebooks have up the ante on design
and style. Many desktop PCs come with LCD 19-inch screens which look really nice
on your worktable. If you buy Apple Computer's G5 Macintosh with the 20- or
30-inch cinematic screen for instance, you'll be the envy of colleagues and
friends.

For notebooks, Acer has been sporting a brilliant red notebook. Samsung, Sony
and Toshiba are also well known for their sleek, colourful and stylish
notebooks.

Pricing

Price alone may ultimately be the deciding factor for you. PC prices are on the
down trend. Notebooks, however, are generally more expensive. A standard entry
level desktop PC from Dell now sells for under $1,000 compared to an entry level
Dell notebook which costs around $1,500. -- Adli Yashir, a correspondent and
Internet coordinator with Berita Harian.

Tip: A standard entry level desktop PC retails for under $1,000; a notebook
starts at around $1,500.

