

APPLE iPHONE 7 PLUS Price dependent on contract ???? From floppy discs and DVD
drives on computers, to Adobe Flash on phones, Apple has never shied away from
dropping technology it feels has become outmoded. Examples mentioned were
controversial, and, in hindsight, all have proven sound judgments, but none of
those decisions have caused the sort of uproar that's surrounded the firm's move
to ditch 3.5mm headphone sockets from its new iPhone range.

During the unveiling earlier this month, Apple's marketing chief Phil Schiller,
declared the move as "brave", citing the rise in use and improvements of
Bluetooth headphones as a prime factor.

While a fair point - even hardened audiophiles have started to accept wireless
as being the way to go - had Apple talked up some more of the gains of losing
the socket, they might not have perhaps copped so much "if ain't
broke"-flavoured flak.

Primarily a space-saving move, the benefit is most keenly felt on this, the
larger 5.5in-screened premium model, which is able to now house a dual lens
camera. Alongside a regular sensor, a new second telephoto lens allows for true
optical zoom.

It's not the first time we've seen this - the most notable examples being
Huawei's recent P9 and the LG G5. But the execution and results delivered here
place Apple's attempts above the competition.

Clicking the onscreen 2x button in the camera app deftly switches between the
two lenses, bringing you closer to your subject without the noise you'd normally
get with a digital zoom. While the telephoto does deliver ever so slightly
softer images than the regular lens, it's still impressive and a feature I found
myself using for framing regular shots time and time again.

On top of this, there's also the promise of a future update offering a special
portrait mode that makes further use of the doublecamera setup, letting you blur
the background for dramatic shallow depth of field effects you find in DSLR
photography.

Probably the biggest criticism of its predecessor's camera was its low light
performance. While the improved f/1.8 aperture on the regular lens does make for
better nighttime shots, to my eyes it's not as dramatic a leap to put it on a
par with Samsung's S7 Edge.

Dust and water resistance have long been areas where the iPhone has been playing
catch up to rivals, and it's another new feature that the removal of the
headphone jack has helped enable. While some other smartphones currently boast a
better water resistance than the "1m of water for up to 30 minutes" claimed by
the new iPhones, it does at least mean an unexpected plunge into a toilet
cistern doesn't now mean game over for your www.handset.No longer mechanical,
the new Touch ID home button is now a capacitive sensor that gives small,
vibrational feedback rather than a click. It takes a little bit of getting used
to, but eventually feels second nature and also aids the phone's water
resistance. The force feedback engine has also been overhauled throughout, with
little clicks and buzzes registering more noticeably when making menu
selections, resulting in a much more tactile feel.

Despite the internal space saving, the 7 Plus has an almost identical footprint
to its predecessor. The body design also remains very similar, with its large
bezel framing around the top and bottom of the 5.5in screen, ensuring it remains
one of the biggest devices of its type. In turn, it may be a bit dated looking
when compared to the edge-to-edge sleekness of Samsung's most recent flagships
devices.

While it's a surprise to still not see a 4K resolution screen on a flagship
device, there's a very noticeable boost to brightness and a much wider colour
gamut that arguably has more of a positive impact on the overall viewing
experience. Elsewhere, there's a small, but not insignificant improvement in
battery life, with a few extra hours eked out, something I would have been used
to with the 6S Plus.

The extra horsepower of the new A10 Fusion processor was less noticeable with
day-to-day tasks, apart from a palpable, much nippier response from the camera.

For those still wishing to remain wired, a Lightning port to headphone jack
dongle is provided. During testing this didn't seem to have any negative impact
on sound (there have been early reports of the adaptor causing in-line remote
control issues), but I do have reservations about connecting a set of cans this
way. I've never been convinced as to how durable Apple's propriety connector is
for charging - let alone when using a set of headphones.

Make no mistake, the 7 Plus feels much like an iterative update, and had the
otherwise excellent Samsung Galaxy Note 7 not revealed itself as a potentially
explosive device, that would probably - for me - be the more impressive of the
two.

Nevertheless, with a set of sensible new features, this is very much the phone I
would currently recommend above all others.

