

control in rush to pip Apple

Korean company

Rushes to beat new iPhones to market, analysts say

Reuters

SEOUL

In its rush to beat rival products to market, notably Apple's new iPhone,
Samsung Electronics has accelerated new phone launch cycles, but its haste is
raising concerns that it fell short on quality testing.

Since last year, the South Korean firm, the world's largest maker of
smartphones, has brought forward the launch of its Galaxy S and Galaxy Note
series models by roughly a month.

For the June quarter, the strategy helped Samsung to its best profit in more
than two years, but it is also putting a strain on its supply chain and its
manufacturing reputation.

On Friday, two weeks after launch, Samsung recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphones in
10 markets including South Korea and the United States after finding its
batteries were prone to ignite, and halted sales of the 988,900-won (Bt30,800)
device in those markets indefinitely.

The recall looks set to hamstring a revival in Samsung's mobile business just as
Apple launched its new iPhones.

"Samsung might have over-exerted itself trying to pre-empt Apple, since
everybody knew the iPhones would launch in September," said Chang Sea-jin,
business professor at Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology and
author of "Sony vs Samsung", a history of the electronics giants.

"It's an unfortunate event; it feels like Samsung rushed a bit, and it's
possible that this led to suppliers also being hurried."

Samsung said in a statement to Reuters it conducts "extensive preparation" for
its products and will release them on the market "only after proper completion
of the development process".

The firm said on Friday it had identified a problem in the manufacturing process
of a battery supplier it didn't name.

Unprecedented recall

"I am working to straighten out our quality control process," Samsung's mobile
business chief Koh Dong-jin said then.

The scale of the unprecedented recall, which some analysts forecast will cost
Samsung nearly $5 billion (Bt173.2 billion) in revenue this year, follows a
separate supply-chain management issue that led to disappointing sales of the
Galaxy S6 series last year.

Samsung executives said production problems for the curved screens and metal
casings used in the Galaxy S6 Edge led to a supply shortage for the device,
leaving the firm unable to capitalise on the critical acclaim the phone
received, sapping earnings momentum.

Counterpoint analyst Jeff Fieldhack said Samsung stole the thunder from local
rival LG Electronics' launch of the G5 smartphone this year by starting the
sales of the Galaxy S7 smartphones a month earlier and backing them with an
aggressive marketing campaign.

"I believe they were trying to create a similar effect by beating Apple to
market by [about] a month, too," he said. "Very often, lab times and testing
periods are shrunk to expedite approval and time-to-market of key devices. It is
possible all charging scenarios were not thoroughly tested."

Samsung SDI, one of two makers of batteries for the Note 7 â[#x20ac]" the other
has not been identified â[#x20ac]" said it had not received notice from Samsung
Electronics regarding its batteries and declined to comment further, including
whether its batteries were found to be faulty. The company declined to comment
on a local media report that it had production difficulties and struggled to
meet orders in time.

While there are occasional reports of phones catching fire or burning users,
recalls for such problems are rare. The problem is exacerbated by the fact that
batteries in the Galaxy Note 7 cannot be removed by the user â[#x20ac]" a design
decision to make the phones slimmer and waterproof.

A Samsung executive who declined to be named told Reuters before the recall
announcement: "Our production engineers and managers are extremely experienced,
and if you ask them to find a solution to adopt a design change, they'd promptly
bring things under control.

"But even that capability is under growing strain, as we try out new materials
and everything is on a very tight schedule."

Local brokerage Korea Investment cut its third-quarter operating profit forecast
for Samsung by 1.1 trillion won to 7.1 trillion won due to the recall, though it
said the event would not derail the broader rebound of its smartphone business.

If haste contributed to the problem, it could now help Samsung limit the impact
of the recall.

