

Project Ara, Google's plan for a modular smartphone, generated a lot of interest
in tech circles. Like so many Google ideas, it was abandoned before it ever came
to market. But the modular smartphone lives on, and Motorola is the latest
manufacturer to run with the idea, with the Moto Z line.

The Moto Z, confusingly, comes in two distinct flavours. The Moto Z Play is
cheaper, thicker and doesn't support MotoMods - Moto's name for the snap-on
accessories for the phone. It also has monster battery life, getting over two
full days on a single charge. But there's nothing remarkable about the device
itself, so it's the modular Moto, the Moto Z (without the Play bit), I'll be
referring to for the rest of the article.

The Moto Z prides itself on being the world's thinnest smartphone at just 5.2
millimetres thick. I never thought I'd say this, but it's almost too thin. It
looks like it shouldn't be able to support its 140 millimetre screen. The
company is quick to point out the "aircraft grade" aluminum chassis inside the
phone prevents it from buckling in your pocket. And being that skinny, the phone
has one hell of a camera bump; the camera lens looks comically large on the back
of the device.

Of course, the Moto Z needs to be svelte so it won't look too bulky with a Mod
attached, but the overall effect is that it looks somehow unfinished when it's
naked. So let's look at the four MotoMods available.

Unlike the LG G5 mods, which were mostly pointless and an awful experience to
swap out, the MotoMods simply clip onto the back of the phone with magnets and
feel pretty sturdy in place. They're hot swappable, so you can attach or detach
one, and the phone is smart enough to keep up.

The cheapest and most practical mod is the $119 Incipio battery pack. When
snapped on, the combined thickness of the Moto Z is not that much thicker than a
standard smartphone in a case, and, as a bonus, that camera bump is hidden away.
Moto advertises up to 22 hours of use when the pack is connected.

Probably the best value MotoMod is the JBL Speaker,at $159. It provides great
audio, comparable to most portable Bluetooth speakers, and includes a built-in
battery to keep the phone charged. Still, $99 can get you a UE Roll, which is
better-sounding and compatible with any smartphone.

Spending $399 will get you a Hasselblad-branded camera mod that provides 10x
zoom. This will allow you to focus on your kids from the back of a school hall,
but again, $400 will get you a pretty good point and shoot camera, so it's hard
to recommend this MotoMod over a stand-alone snapper or a zoom lens.

And then there's the Moto branded portable projector. At $429, Moto insists this
is perfect for the "road warrior" who needs to be able to present anywhere. I'm
not convinced. At a maximum 480p, image quality is just OK, and nowhere near as
good as the Sony Portable Projector.

Moto hopes to expand the line of MotoMods available, to create a kind of App
Store for hardware. It's a big ask, building out an ecosystem would be a
challenge for smartphone behemoths such as Apple or Samsung, let alone Moto. The
phone was announced in the US back in June, and there's still only the four Mods
that were available at launch.

The Moto Z and its MotoMods are easily the best incarnation of a modular
smartphone design, but that's a low bar to clear. As excited as I was for the
concept, there's nothing about the MotoMods to convince me this should be my
next smartphone.

