

Thinner, lighter and more metal are words we've become accustomed to using when
describing a new premium smartphone, but the Moto Z has a few tricks up its
sleeve to stand out from the crowd.

The Moto Z is the first Motorola smartphone to use an all-aluminium chassis,
pushing the brand into the premium segment for the first time in recent memory.

At just 5.2mm, it also happens to be the thinnest smartphone around. It's so
thin that Motorola has had to strip out the 3.5mm headphone jack and route the
audio to the Type-C USB charging slot, which means users will need to carry
around an adaptor (included in the box) in order to use their existing
headphones.

Apple is heavily rumoured to be heading in the same direction with the iPhone 7.
Despite housing a larger 5.5-inch QHD display, the Moto Z feels lighter than the
iPhone 6s in the hand and the phone remained solid despite our best attempts to
bend the device.

Of course, making the smartphone so thin invariably means a large protruding
camera hump on the back, which you will find here.

What you'll also find on the back is 16 gold dots that act as magnets and this
is where things start to get interesting. The magnets are designed for a snap-on
range of new accessories, which Motorola calls "Moto Mods".

The mods add more weight and thickness to the device, which explains why
Motorola pushed to make the base phone as thin as possible. There will be four
options at launch including a battery pack, DLP projector, speakers and designer
covers.

I was impressed with how easy it was to snap on a Moto Mod and the seamless
nature in which they interface with the phone.

Music, for instance, will play uninterrupted after you connect the speaker
accessory and, unlike the LG G5, you don't need to take apart the phone or
remove the battery.

Instead, you simply line up the accessory with the magnets and it snaps into
place. A message will pop up on the display confirming the back cover has been
connected and you're good to go.

Since a Moto Mod can use the entire surface area on the back of the phone,
accessory makers effectively have a larger canvas to work with that could
potentially lead to more powerful mods.

The stereo speakers on the JBL mod for instance took up the entire back and, as
a result, were quite loud even in the crowded background noise of the demo room.

I was less convinced about the DLP projector accessory. The projector
essentially runs the phone in mirror mode so anything that appears on the
smartphone display will be projected. This includes DRM content so you can beam
House of Cards at up to 70 inches.

The downside is that it makes the phone incapable of performing any other task
such as making calls, sending text messages or emails. Also at just 50 lumens,
the projected image is very dim, making it unusable for anything other than a
dark room.

Moto Mods aren't just about adding functionality to your phone, they can also be
used to dress up the appearance with snap-on covers that come in a range of
wood, fabric and leather finishes.

A mod designed to improve the camera quality is also in the works and is likely
to be available at launch.

Motorola says it is working with a "number of big brands" to bring more Moto
Mods to the table and is also encouraging smaller developers with a $US1 million
($1.35m) in equity funding for whoever creates the best prototypes by March 31,
2017. Of course, accessory makers are only going to get behind Moto Mods if
Motorola can sell enough units and, while it has had some success in the budget
market, its premium handsets have failed to perform in mature markets.

The challenge for Motorola and parent company Lenovo is whether it can
reintroduce the brand to a new generation. Motorola is planning on selling a
second model called the Moto Z Force, which comes with a thicker frame (7mm), a
sharper camera (21MP), a bigger battery (3500mAh) and a "Shatter Proof" glass
display that Motorola claims is virtually unbreakable.Moto Z will launch in the
US next month, followed by a global release in September. Pricing is yet to be
revealed.

