

A neat brush-off

What: camera lens and LCD screen cleaner

Price: $19.95

Ricoh: 1300 363 741

www.ricoh.com.au

USING a novel, non-liquid compound, the Unity LensPen is environmentally safe
and leaves no residue. The tiny tool, as compact as a pen, has a retractable
soft brush for dusting off harmful grit. After dusting, simply remove the cap to
expose a flexible cleaning disc that has a cleaning agent.

Racket busters

What: noise cancellation headphones

Price: $599

Bose: 1800 023 367

www.bose.com.au

IT TOOK Bose 20 years to develop headphones that can monitor and cancel out the
drone of aircraft engines, trains and other fatigue-inducing noises. But that's
not their only use; the superbly made QuietComfort 2 headphones sound detailed,
crisp and clear used as stereo headsets.

Make like a snake

What: audiophile-grade power cord

Price: $3300

Reference Audio Visual: 1800 133 135

WHAT do you get the audiophile with a state-of-the-art system?

State-of-the-art cables, power cords and power filters from United States brand
Shunyata, of course. The Anaconda power cord, so called because its girth is
about the same as the South American snake, is designed to purify mains power
and boost performance.

Best pal

What: iPod sound system

Price: $349

Audio Dynamics: 9882 0372

www.tivoliaudio.com/locales/au/

THE next big thing for iPods is the iPAL, Tivoli Audio's latest model in a range
begat by the famous Tivoli Model One radio. And the iPal is poised to be as big
a hit. iPAL carries the same sublime AM/FM tuner, has an adjustable telescopic
FM antenna, and runs from AC power or supplied rechargeable NiMH battery pack.
And it comes with a snazzy $49.95 bag to carry it around in.

One good turn

What: turntable

Price: $799

Synergy Audio Video: 9416 4161

www.rega.co.uk

A SIMPLE set-and-forget, easy-to-use turntable with a performance that belies
its price, Rega's P2 turntable has been a best-seller for decades. Decent
bearing, platter, plinth and an ultra-low-vibration motor combined with the
legendary Rega RB250 tone arm make for a great sound.

Changing faces

What: interchangeable faceplate digital camera

Price: $499

Ricoh: www.ricoh.com.au

RICOH'S Caplio RZ1 digital camera has six faceplates, each a different colour:
red, orange, blue, grey, silver and rose. The RZ1 is a snappy model that has
12Mb of built-in memory that can be expanded to 512Mb using an SD memory card.

Easy PC handling

What: PC emulator

Price: from $299 (stand-alone), $449 (with Windows XP Home) and $199 (upgrade)

CONNECTIX's Virtual PC is now Microsoft Virtual PC For Mac. Version 7 of the
program that allows your Mac to act like a PC has been redesigned to take
advantage of the G5 processor, and promises better graphics handling, fast-save
and expanded preferences. In addition, it now uses the same printer drivers and
clipboard as Mac OSX and you can share folders and removable media between
platforms.

Back-seat peace

What: portable DVD player

Price: $999

LG: 1800 725 375

www.lge.com.au

SICK of trying to keep your kids from tearing each other apart in the rear seat
of the car as you try vainly to break the monotony of a long road trip with yet
another game of I Spy? Try a portable DVD player. This DP8811P from LG has a
7-inch (17cm) LCD screen and plays a bunch of formats from DVD-Video to CD and
MP3 CD and can be powered from a car cigarette lighter. And, while you're about
it, make sure you get headphones as well.

Wind of change

What: mobile phone headset

Price: $99

Logitech: www.logitech.com

NOT only does Logitech's new Bluetooth Mobile Freedom Headset have Adaptive
Frequency Hopping technology to minimise interference, it also features the new
WindStop technology,

that promises to minimise wind and background noise. The headset offers seven
hours of continuous talk time, and up to 300 hours on standby.

On the money

What: iPod holder

Price: $20

Life: 9548 7001

THE price is spot-on for the sturdy Digi Blade Runner belt bag, one of five
models ranging from $12-$20 made for iPods by Life.

Fisher compliments

What: early learning system

Price: $99.95

Fisher-Price: 1300 135 312

www.fisher-price.com/au/

OUR kids love this Fisher-Price PowerTouch Learning System. The bright and bold
look reeled them in, and the games, stories and educational activities held
their attention for hours. Unlike some other systems, kids just point to things
in the books to interact with them. The PowerTouch comes with two starter books
-- a Sesame Street  storybook and a School Skills  workbook -- for kids from
preschool to Year 2. Additional books cost $29.95.

Sounds of delight

What: audio-video surround receiver

Price: $999

Sony: 1300 720 071

www.sony.com.au

AUDIO-video receivers as well-equipped and that sound as crisp as Sony's
STRDB790S were unheard of a few years ago at this price. Now the money will
secure you a model that has just about every audio format on board, including
Dolby pro Logic 2, Dolby Digital EX and DTS-ES.

Shoot to thrill

What: 4-megapixel camera

Price: $599

Sony: 1300 720 071

www.sony.com.au

POINT-and-shoot cameras have never looked as good. The DSCL1 (but you can just
call it the L1) puts a 4-megapixel CCD and high-quality Carl Zeiss Vario-Tessar
3x optical zoom lens into an aluminium shell that comes in pink, blue or silver.
There's no viewfinder, but Sony says the LCD viewing screen performs well in
bright light. And it's a lightweight at only 122g.

Look, no wires

What: Bose iPod SoundDock Digital Musical System

Price: $499

Bose: 1800 023 367

www.bose.com.au

HOW cool is this? No headphones, cables or pesky adaptors are needed when an
iPod is inserted into Bose's docking cradle. Once snugly onboard, SoundDock
generates a crisp, clear sound from its built-in amplifier and speakers. We
played with this at the CEATEC exhibition in Tokyo and were suitably impressed.

This'll slay Santa

What: high-end pre-amplifier and power amplifier

Price: DM8, $18,750; DM38, $27,700

Reference Audio Visual: 1800 133 135

FATHER Christmas will need to dig deep if you want a pair of the world's
benchmark pre-amplifiers and power amplifiers. The Halcro DM8 pre-amplifier and
DM38 power amplifier, hand-built in Adelaide, are part of a range that starts at
about $7000. The DM38 power amplifier has one of the lowest noise levels around,
and is rated at 180W a channel.

The power of 3

What: prepaid 3G phones

Price: varies

3: 13 16 82

www.three.com.au

BROADBAND multimedia 3G telecommunication is the way of the future, and local
provider 3 is offering prepaid deals on all handsets. Its latest, the LGU8120
(above), is $324 prepaid, including a $75 credit. The deal (more details online)
gives you access to On3 content and live video calling, but not mobile internet,
fax, international roaming or 1900 calls.

Make a noise

What: high-end integrated amplifier that can play LPs.

Price: $12,000

Audio Marketing: for info,  (02) 9420 9467

www.musicalfidelity.com

MUSICAL Fidelity's KW500 is a serious beast, rating 500 watts a channel, and
having a phono stage (to play LPs). Not for the faint-hearted or the
cash-strapped.

Slim pickings

What: notebook PC

Price: from $2999

Samsung:

www.samsung.com.au

SAMSUNG has released its "supermodel" (thin and gorgeous) notebook range in
Australia, heading the charge with the X10Plus. The notebook weighs in at a very
light 1.86kg, has a 14.1-inch (36cm) screen and features a DVD/CD-RW drive. The
battery gives up to 4.5 hours of computing, and recharges in a quick two hours.

Speaking up

What: notebook speakers

Price: $89.95

Targus: 1800 641 645

www.targus.com.au

WE HAVEN'T heard them yet, but these Multimedia Notebook Speakers from Targus
would have to be better than most of the tinny examples sported by most portable
PCs. The small, folding unit (21.9cm X 2.6cm x 6.6cm) contains two speakers
delivering 0.7W RMS each at 150Hz to 18KHz. In other words, plenty of treble and
a wee bit of mid-range, but don't expect them to dig deep into bass.

Let the games begin

What: new-look Sony PlayStation2

Price: $250

Sony Computer Entertainment: 1300 365 911

au.playstation.com

THE latest version of Sony's famous games console has lost bulk and weight. The
new model's internal volume has been cut 75 per cent, the weight halved, and
thickness trimmed to 2.8cm. Though it's considerably smaller, the new-look unit
still has all the basic features

of the original model, but gains

an integrated Ethernet port for network gaming.

Box of tricks

What: SDTV set-top box with hard drive

Price: $399

Wintal: 1800 337 366

www.wintal.com.au

WINTAL'S PVR-X10 is a decent quality, standard definition, digital TV set-top
box with a built-in 80Gb hard drive. Up to 28 hours of programs can be parked on
the hard drive, then erased. Recording is a simple one-step operation, as is
auto-TV channel set-up. The PVR-X10 displays 16:9 as well as 4:3 formats and has
closed captions and Teletext on board.

Three in one

What: i-mode phone

Price: available on Telstra plans starting from $60 a month.

Telstra: 12 51 11

telstra.com

NEC's N410i has a 1.3-megapixel camera and a 5.5cm LCD. The handset is designed
to work as a mobile data centre that can handle internet and e-mail as well as
phone calls. Used with Telstra's i-mode service, the N410i can log into 165
content sites and download weather reports, movies, business and general news.

Pioneer shows the way

What: high-definition plasma TV

Price: $9999

Pioneer: 9586 6300

www.pioneeraus.com.au

THE benchmark in plasma TVs, Pioneer's

fifth-generation 225cm (50-inch) model, is much brighter and has greater
contrast than before. Thanks to new technology and the removal of a sheet of
glass, the PDP505HD is lighter, uses less power and has an immense range of
colours. Even better, Pioneer has shaved $2000 from the price.

Worldly wise TV

What: widescreen LCD TV

Price: $899

DEC: 9359 9311

DEC launched its range of flat-panel TVs with the neat, well-priced 43cm
LCD17WHD. The freshly styled set, built around a Samsung LCD panel, has a
built-in tuner and adjustable stand. American DVDs do not pose a problem since
the LCD17WHD displays NTSC as well as Britain's SECAM colour broadcast systems.

A smart chip in the power supply, which allows the set to work from 100-240V
mains power, lets the DEC LCD TV cross national borders without a problem.

Cinema paradise

What: surround-sound system

Price: $1299

Sony: 1300 720 071

www.sony.com.au

A COMPLETE home-entertainment system that requires only a TV for a complete
home-cinema experience. The DHCFLX5D comprises multi-channel speakers and a
central module that allows it to play back CDs and DVDs. Radio is also catered
for with a built-in

FM/AM tuner.

Less is more

What: cordless keyboard and mouse

Price: $199

Logitech:

www.logitech.com.au

LOGITECH'S Cordless Desktop LX-700 rechargeable cordless keyboard and mouse give
new meaning to the phrase "right on the button". It has buttons for volume,
play, pause, fast-forward, rewind, record, burn and radio presets. In fact,
there is pretty much everything you need to play music, share pictures, browse
the internet, use instant messaging, e-mail and so on. Two-handed navigation is
possible with one hand on the mouse and the other on the keyboard's tilt-wheel.
There's even a QWERTY keyboard on there, somewhere.

The fabulous five

What: top games to look for

Prices: see below

EB Games: 125 stores from here to Kalgoorlie

YOU'RE not alone if you're confused by the range of videogames on the market

this Christmas, so EB Games has given us some tips about what's hot.

All platforms, including Mac: The Incredibles (G8+/$50). This action/adventure
game (right) is based on the Disney/Pixar

soon-to-be-blockbuster movie of the same name.

PS2: Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas (MA15+/$100). Latest instalment in the
politically incorrect but wildly popular tale of robbery, car-jacking and
driving mayhem, set to a thumping soundtrack.

Xbox: Halo 2 (MA15+/$100). This is the first-person shooter Xbox fans have been
waiting -- and lining up -- for. Connect reviewer Greg Thom gives it five stars
and says it has been worth the wait.

PC: The Sims 2 (M15+/$80). As a sequel to one of the biggest-selling PC games
ever, this release (right) carries a huge weight of expectation. It delivers in
almost every respect.

GameCube: Paper Mario: The Thousand Year Door (G/$100): In a world obsessed with
3D, this game puts Mario firmly in two dimensions -- he is made of paper. Turn
him sideways to slide through cracks, or fold him into a plane to fly.

Hitting the right notes

What: Denon compact 2.1 surround-sound system

Price: $1199

Audio Products: 1300 134 400

www.audioproducts.com.au

IF YOU wants good surround sound in a small package, ask Santa for Denon's
2.1-channel D-M51s. This four-component system plays DVDs and other formats
through a surround receiver, processes the data using a 32-bit DSP chip-set, and
pumps out the sound through two 2-way 35W speakers and a 100W active subwoofer.
The D-M51 supports the latest home-theatre surround-sound formats, including
Dolby Digital and DTS. And Dolby Virtual Speaker gives the 3D sound effect.

Move and groove

What: ghetto blaster bag

Price: $40

Myer Megamart: 1800 811 611

www.myer.com.au

AN INNOVATIVE bag that doubles as a mobile stereo system with a built-in pair of
speakers and amplifier. To get sound, simply plug an iPod, Mp3 player or Discman
into the bag's line input.

Mickey Mouse but actually serious

What: kids' computer

Price: $1699

Target: 1300 130 000

IF YOU want to indulge your younger kids this Christmas, Disney may have just
the thing. If you don't see the Disney name on the new Dream Desk PC, the
loudspeaker-enclosing Mickey Mouse ears on the 14.1-inch (36cm--)LCD monitor is
a giveaway. This isn't one of those pretend-PCs; it's the real thing. It has a
DVD/CD-RW drive, Windows XP, 2.66GHz Celeron D processor and 40Gb hard drive. It
comes with a

kid-sized mouse and digital pen, and includes Microsoft Works and
multimedia-manipulating Disney Flix, Disney Pix and Disney Mix. A few games and
safety filters for e-mail and internet round out the package. Available at
Target stores.

