

Secret of Samsung's success: get up early and play with lots of friends

THE world's premier launch pad for mobile technologies, the annual Mobile World
Congress in Barcelona, has in recent years almost been defined by new releases
from global smartphone leader Samsung. Few would claim, however, that Samsung
set the market alight this week with its latest products.

The new Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge handsets are sleeker, more powerful versions of
last year's S6 editions, but the audience at the launch was underwhelmed. Oddly,
this hardly mattered - because Samsung then pulled a spectacular rabbit out of
the hat.

The party trick started when Samsung attached a Gear virtual reality headset to
every seat in the auditorium. The devices use the technology of the biggest name
in virtual reality hardware, Oculus Rift, which startled fans last year when it
sold out to Facebook.

Audience members were invited to don the headsets to view the latest immersive
content. While they were shut off from the real world, Facebook founder Mark
Zuckerberg made his way on stage, appearing seemingly by magic once the headsets
had been removed. Zuckerberg's appearance - during which he explained that
virtual reality could become the dominant tool for social networking - said as
much about Facebook as it did about Samsung.

The message was that, with virtual reality being this year's hottest trend,
Samsung was determined to steal the thunder from everyone else in the market.
So, even as rival Korean manufacturer LG earned trophy rights for the most
innovative smartphone of the congress with its new G5, Samsung was already
staking its claim to leadership of the next big hype.

And Samsung's coup highlighted a fundamental difference between it and a brand
like Apple, which is obsessive about design and user experience. As a result,
Apple ignores the competition - until it finds itself losing market share. Think
iPhone 5 with a 4-inch screen while the world was moving to 5-inch.

"We study our opposition intensively," said Andre de Meyer, director of business
operations for Samsung Africa, during an event in Monaco the week before the
Barcelona congress began on February 22. Speaking at the Samsung Africa Forum, a
showcase of the full range of Samsung products, De Meyer gave several reasons as
to why Samsung tended to lead its markets. "We are very aware of two fundamental
things: market demand and market requirement, which obviously ties in with what
the consumer wants. Our point of departure is comfort of innovation: that means
we shouldn't be cutting edge for the sake of being cutting edge, but should make
friendly use of our solutions and products as comfortable as possible."

Crucially, because Samsung operates in a wide range of categories, it has to be
aware of eight or nine competitors in every one of its technology and appliance
segments.

"The difference is that no one else can provide the entire consumer electronics
spectrum. But we will have competitors in every category, so we need to be wide
awake. We have to get up early to learn what they are doing in operational
execution, distribution networks, price points and go-to-market messages. It's
also important for us to work alongside our partners, and not just supply
solutions or product ranges."

The mere appearance of the Facebook founder on a Barcelona stage seemed to prove
more than one of those statements.

oGoldstuck is the founder of World Wide Worx and editor-in-chief of
Gadget.co.za. Follow him on Twitter and Instagram @art2gee

