

Australians bought 1 million fewer smartphones last year than in 2014, as higher
prices, market saturation and an off year for Apple's iPhone saw Google's
Android operating system retain its local dominance.

The annual Australian Smartphone and Wearables Devices Market Study from
research firm Telsyte also found sales of smart watches - led by the Apple Watch
- remained sluggish, but the adoption of fitness-related wearable technology was
taking off.

In smartphone circles, odd years are always slower, particularly from Apple's
perspective, which tends to launch minor upgrades of 'S' models of existing
phones, rather than new models. This was the case in 2015 when it launched the
iPhone 6S in September; despite this, Apple remained the best-selling handset
maker, followed by Samsung.

Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi said there was a huge gap between the top
two smartphone brands locally and the third place, which last year,
surprisingly, was Huawei, largely due to the Nexus 6P that it makes for Google.

Telsyte found local smartphone sales declined 11 per cent last year, with 7.9
million units sold, in comparison with 8.9 million in 2014.

Sales in 2015 were hampered by the falling Australian dollar, which forced up
the prices of premium handsets at a time when local telecommunications providers
were also reducing subsidies for handsets. Lower-cost operators such as Oppo
have also entered the market with competitive devices, giving phone buyers
reason to reconsider the need to buy top-of-the-range phones.

However, with Apple due to hold an event on March 21 - in which it is expected
to unveil a smaller screen option for the iPhone - and an iPhone 7 due to arrive
later this year, Telsyte is tipping sales to increase this year by 6 per cent to
8.4 million.

It will certainly be a year of more intense competition with Samsung's Galaxy S7
phones already unveiled to rave reviews ahead of Apple's new offering. "The
Samsung Galaxy 7 phones will be well received by existing Samsung users as it
improves on the previous model and re-introduces key features such as
upgradeable memory, however it is priced significantly higher than the average
Android phone," Mr Fadaghi said.

"For Apple, there is a large base of users on older, smaller-form factor devices
such as the iPhone 5S or earlier, which the company will need to address in the
next 12 months or it risks losing them, as devices come close to end of life. It
might be impossible for Apple to regain bragging rights given the rise of
Android, however it retains a strong existing user base, with high repeat
purchase intentions - still higher than other brands."

Telsyte's statistics for 2015 showed that while iPhones remain by far the most
popular individual handset, Google's Android operating system is used on so many
different brands it is comfortably the most commonly used operating system.
Apple sold 3.43 million iPhones in Australia in 2015, in comparison with a
combined total of 4.0 million Android-based phones sold.

The battle between the operating systems is little changed from a year earlier.
Android has 50.6 per cent of the market, Apple's iOS has 43.4 per cent, while
Microsoft's Windows is disappointingly flat at 5.3 per cent, despite the
emergence of the Windows 10 operating system.

Mr Fadaghi said pre-orders for Samsung's Galaxy S7 phones were already looking
promising, and its strategy of pairing its phone with a virtual reality headset
looked like paying dividends. He said smart accessories are starting to
influence purchase decisions, including smart watches and VR units, with more
bundling expected to be a feature of devices sold in coming years.

At Mobile World Congress in February, as well as Samsung, Alcatel announced that
its Idol 4 phone would come encased in a VR headset, HTC announced pricing and
availability for a new headset called the HTC Vive and LG announced a VR headset
known as the LG 360 VR, which will be a companion device for its new G5 flagship
phone.

Telsyte earlier predicted that 110,000 VR units, including devices such as
Google Cardboard, Sony PlayStation VR and Facebook's Oculus Rift, will be sold
in 2016. "VR will help drive the sale of premium handsets, particularly Samsung,
as consumers look to upgrade to use VR features," Mr Fadaghi said. "However,
getting consumers to pay for mobile VR as an accessory might be a bit harder
than bundling it with a new handset."

