

Chinese electronics manufacturer Lenovo has become the first to put Google's
Project Tango spatial awareness technology into a smartphone.

Its PHAB2 Pro range of phones all have cameras, sensors and software capable of
motion tracking, depth perception and area sensing, which means it can learn and
produce a 3D map of the inside of a building or space.

The technology will enable advanced augmented reality systems that can recognise
objects in the world around the user and overlay information in real time, a
feature often called "Terminator vision", after the1984 film.

Johnny Lee, engineering director at Google said: "Tango enables our devices to
sense physical motion and space and, as a result, has the power to change how we
interact with our surroundings. We believe that devices with positional tracking
functionality will be pervasive and are happy that the PHAB2 Pro will introduce
these new capabilities, making your phone even more useful."

The Tango-infused 6.4in PHAB2 Pro will be available starting in September along
costing from $499.

Lenovo also brought out a new flagship modular smartphone, the Moto Z, which
replaces the Motorola Moto X as the top of the manufacturer's line, after the
Chinese firm bought Motorola from Google two years ago.

The Moto Z, which comes in two versions including one with Motorola's
shatterproof screen, have a modular design which allows users to magnetically
attach additional so-called Mods to the back of the phones. These include a pico
projector for displaying images on a wall, an extra battery pack and a set of
stereo speakers.

Both smartphones also lack a headphones port, relying solely on USB-C port. The
Moto Z has a 5.5in quad HD AMOLED screen, Qualcomm's top-of-the-range Snapdragon
820 processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage with a microSD card slot and a
13-megapixel camera, all squeezed into a 5.2mm thick frame. The camera protrudes
from the back, however.

The 7mm-thick Moto Z Force has similar specifications, but has Lenovo's Moto
ShatterShield screen protection, as used in the unbreakable screen of the Moto X
Force, a larger battery and a 21-megapixel camera.

Both smartphones are expected to be available in September.

Lenovo is not the only one pursuing a modular smartphone design. LG's G5 has a
slot in the bottom for adding accessories that clip in and form part of the
phone, while Google's Project Ara aims to make almost every part of the phone a
clip-in module.

The benefit of the Moto Z's magnetic system, which has pins on the back onto
which the modules attach, is that the phone does not need to be turned off to
have a new module attached. But whether consumers will buy into the concept of
modules - available at an extra cost - remains to be seen.


     ·    Project Tango: Google is building it, but will they come?
     ·    Motorola Moto X Force review: great phone with a screen you simply
          can't break


