

LG's G5 hit the shelves on Friday, bringing the company's latest efforts to
stand out from the smartphone pack against mega-competitors such as Apple and
Samsung. LG's tactic with the new phone is to offer top-of-the-line specs in a
(slightly cheaper) phone than its premium competitors. The G5 also boasts an
unusual and experimental look - a modular design that lets you pull the whole
bottom of the phone off to accommodate a new battery or other accessories.

STANDOUT FEATURE: The LG G5 has a removable battery, which makes it pretty
unique among the flagship smartphones on offer right now. In fact, it's not just
the battery that's removable, but actually the whole bottom of the phone - sort
of a first step to a truly modular smartphone that lets you swop out parts of
the stock phone for other hardware features you may want. For example, LG has
already announced a speaker attachment it made in partnership with audio company
B&O Play. The promise of more accessories down the line makes it an intriguing
option.

Pros: The LG G5 ticks the right boxes - a big 5.3-inch display, strong software
performance and a good camera. Along with the removable battery, LG has also
offered an SD card slot to augment the 32GB of storage that come standard with
the device. It also has an (optional) always-on display that can keep you
up-to-date without pulling too much power from your battery.

In terms of general performance, the device's Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor
makes the whole phone pretty snappy. As a camera, the LG G5 also stands out from
the pack by sporting two cameras - one with a wide-angle lens that lets you take
shots with much more breadth to them. It's a little gimmicky, but undeniably
fun. Overall, it's a strong phone with a lot of promise to become something more
interesting if LG's stab at modularity takes off.

Cons: It's sort of a strange phone. There's no other way to describe it. It's
not necessarily a bad thing, but shoppers should know that LG is taking its own
design cues here. It's fingerprint sensor/power button is located on the back of
the phone - there are no buttons at all on the front of this device. All
navigation is done through the software. It feels quite boxy, perhaps due to the
removable slot at the bottom, which makes it a tad less comfortable to hold than
its curvier competitors. Still, its sturdy metal body also has a very light,
almost plastic feel to it.

Battery life was a little lacking as well, not quite making it through a whole
day of testing - though having the extra battery to swop in is a plus. The
display is also a little less vibrant than either Samsung's Galaxy S7 Edge or
the iPhone 6S Plus, but not significantly less clear. And if you're looking
specifically at Android phones, it's worth noting that this is not waterproof,
unlike Samsung's latest models. - The Washington Post

