


ANEW report finds that when it comes to buying Christmas presents for a partner,
men are the more generous sex. The average man shells out almost £115, while a
woman will spend £75.

The gender divide is also clear when buying for parents. The average person
spends almost £50 on a gift for their mother but less than £40 on their father.

Simon Fowler, customer service director of John Lewis, said: "Women have been
getting a better deal out of Christmas for years. It may be partly that they
tend to buy presents for more people, so their average spend on each is less.

"Women also love to be spoilt at Christmas and men like to spoil them.

And there are so many femaleorientated gifts.

"Men are traditionally more difficult to buy for, so it may be that partners go
for the practical option of jumper, socks, cufflinks and so on, focusing on
specific items that they actually need."

The report, carried out by NOP and commissioned by John Lewis, also found that:
. Only 16 per cent of Britons start their Christmas shopping before October,
with the majority waiting until December.

. More than half of the 1,000 people questioned write lists of the gifts they
plan to buy before hitting the high street, and just under half work out budgets
in advance.

. More than half spend two hours or less on a Christmas shopping trip, and just
under half buy all their presents in no more than four trips.

"Retailers say Christmas is starting later and later," said Mr Fowler.

"This survey suggests shoppers are only visiting stores once they have come up
with a cunning plan."

The survey also found that a quarter of people plan to use annual leave to do
their shopping, and that almost a third will buy the boss a gift, with an
average spend of £17.

But perhaps the secret to successful Christmas shopping lies in another
phenomenon identified in the research: "me-gifting".

More than a third of shoppers will buy a gift for themselves, spending an
average of £42.

TOP 10 GIFTS

1 Apple iPod 20GB . . . . . . . .Pounds 220

2 Apple iPod mini . . . . . . . . .Pounds 180

3 Motorola Razr V3 mobile phone . . . . . . .up to £150 with contract 4 LG U8120
3G mobile phone . . . . . . . . . . . . .free with contract 5 Pentax Optio S41
digital camera . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

. . .Pounds 270

6 HP iPAQ 4150 personal organiser . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

. . .Pounds 250

7 Russell Hobbs glass toaster £40

8 Homechoice 2MB on-demand TV box . . . . . . .from £27.50 a month 9 Archos AV
400 portable video jukebox . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Pounds 400 10 iMac
G5 computer . . . . .Pounds 920

