

Buying a television today can be a real challenge, not least for consumers
planning to buy a big-screen TV.

With the number of brands growing to include computer companies like HP and
Dell, consumers sometimes find themselves bewildered by the gauntlet of
big-screen TVs in stores.

Where do you start and who do you trust when investing in your next TV?

First, decide what kind of TV you want. According to the Electro Federation
Consumer Electronics Marketers of Canada, flat panel plasma, LCD and projection
high definition TVs (HDTV) will account for about 25 per cent of TV units sold
this year.

"It's a unique time to buy an HDTV now," said Eric Stockner, senior TV
merchandise manager for Future Shop Canada. "The 40-inch HDTV is the
battleground where plasma, LCD and projection TVs are competitively priced
against each other."

You may not need a high definition TV; simply replacing a worn-out CRT (cathode
ray tube) set may be enough. But if you are ready to jump into the world of
HDTV, do your homework. Read magazines or check online sites from manufacturers,
and read reviews. Spend time with a salesperson who is knowledgeable about the
products.

And be prepared for the salesperson's first question: Where do you want to watch
TV in your house?

Unlike old tube TVs that work anywhere, today's high-tech TVs use three
different technologies that produce sharper and clearer pictures but show
differently.

Plasma TVs

A mere 10 centimetres thick, these are best in average-lighted rooms and, like
tube TVs, look great from any angle. They also show older analogue channels
best. Prices and models start at $2,000 for lesser-known 40-inch brands to
$5,000 for name brands and upwards of $16,000 for an LG 60-inch model with
built-in PVR (personal video recorder.) New 40-inch HDTV ED (enhanced
definition) models for about $2,500 are gaining popularity among people who
simply want better TV, and DVD-quality picture.

LCD (liquid crystal display) panel TVs

These are just as thin as plasma screens, are crisper, and feature punchy
colours for brighter rooms. They use technology similar to laptop screens and
show digital sources like video games and connected computers with heightened
clarity. Despite the hype, their advertised "view from any angle" feature is not
as good as plasma. LCD TVs start at laptop size for less than $800 and go up to
45-inch models for $5,000.

LCD and DLP (digital light processing) projection models

Characterized by a deeper base tapering to the thickness of plasma TVs at the
top, they are suitable for darker rooms and have narrower viewing angles. They
are not as sharp as flat panels and are best viewed from a distance - ideally,
from a sofa across the room. Like plasma, they start at 40 inches; 60-inch
models cost about the same as 40-inch plasma and LCD flat panels.

Two older technologies with HDTV features provide added choice to budget-minded
shoppers.

New tube-based CRT HDTVs, like Samsung's 30-inch widescreen TX-R3079, go for
about $1,200; Sony's 27-inch FD Trinitron WEGA HD Ready TV sells for around
$900. TV purists maintain analogue CRT technology is still the best TV
available, but screens are limited in size.

And despite industry death threats, HDTV-ready projection TVs using older
analogue technology, also under $2,000, attract "big picture" fans with smaller
wallets, even though the HDTV quality is lower.

Which of these is the best TV?

"Trust your eyes," says William Zadnik, a custom systems designer with
Edmonton-based Audio Ark. "After all the hype, it's about what looks best to
you."

True, but most stores don't play the best HD signal on every TV on display and
are unlikely to re-arrange 60 kilogram models for customers to compare side by
side.

Samsung's Techspot (www.sam

sung.ca/techspot) features a nifty live comparison of all three TV technologies
in all Brick Warehouse stores.

Judging HDTVs is subjective, so it helps when test-viewing TVs in the store to
watch shows you are familiar with. Do it in evening hours when most widescreen
HDTV shows are on, or on weekends for similar quality sporting events. Compare
how clearly grass blades show on sports fields.

Don't be fooled by daytime shows, many of which appear to be digital but are
actually regular analogue quality "bumped up" to look like HD. Or looped demo
videos from manufacturers.

Gamers and computer users should try their devices on new TVs before they buy,
as some big screens limit computer options. HP's new plasmas and LCDs for
example, feature additional PC input controls, not surprisingly coming from a
computer company.

Samsung offers a 24-inch 242MP HDTV LCD that doubles as a computer monitor, but
at an unmatched 1900 computer pixel resolution compared with the top 1280 pixels
other TVs go to.

DVD players, if properly used, can demonstrate just how good an HDTV is.
Especially in dark shadow scenes.

For that you need to have a progressive-capable DVD player connected via
component (red, blue and green) cables or DVI (digital video interface, now
being replaced by newer, smaller HDMI connectors, the absence of which indicates
an older HDTV or DVD player).

Throw in the recent Batman Begins DVD and go to Scene 2 where the protagonist
enters a dark candle-lit scene; check for smoothness of colour on the dimly lit
walls. Poor screens with lower contrast ratio break the walls into chunks of
solid colours.

Then there's the little stuff. Like the remote control's layout, or whether you
can quickly plug in accessories like digital cameras from convenient front
connections. Does the base swivel, and is it easy to get to the back panel?

New high definition TVs are either "HDTV-ready" - requiring an external tuner
box supplied by cable and satellite providers - or "HDTV" with built-in tuners
that can receive free HD from off-the-air stations in Toronto, Windsor, Ont. and
Vancouver by simply hooking up an antenna.

If you live anywhere else in Canada, you don't need to worry about a tuner,
although a plain analogue tuner can be handy for non-HD viewing.

Be aware that initial HDTV costs can be deceiving.

LCD and DLP projection TVs are cheaper but require a $600 bulb replacement every
7,000 hours compared with the 60,000-hour lifespan of plasma and LCD flat
panels.

Choosing cheaper third-tier TVs over brand names is not as risky as one may
think. Much of the TV, like the glass screen, comes from the same manufacturer
but warranties may be shorter with fewer TV features. What makes brand TVs like
Sony's Bravia series 40-inch KDL-V40XBR1 ($4,499) pricier is the picture engine
and newer proprietary picture-enhancing technologies. Brand names like LG, for
example, offer a two-year warranty for its TVs compared with the one-year
industry standard.

You still get what you pay for but it's all in the eye when it comes to TV.

