
DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia has issued
the following document:



 APPLICATION FOR CERTIFICATION AS AN ELIGIBLE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 RENEWABLE ENERGY STANDARDS GENERATING FACILITY

 2.

 J .

 5.

 Nameo f RenewablEe nergyF acility:2 0OTB2

 Facility Addrcss:

 160216th St SE 1

 Washington,D C 20020

 ORISPL Plant Code:



    Nameo f Owner:S olarI ntegrateFdu ndl ll, LLC

 Owner's address and contact information:

 661 1 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200, Las Vegas NV 891 19

 Phone.88.87 65.2489

 Fax: 702-489-4232

 Email: I n centives.sR EC@solarcityc.o m

 Name of Operator: SolarCity Corporation

 Operator'sa ddressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 661 1 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200, Las Vegas NV 891 19

 Phone8: 88.765.2489

 Fax: 7OZ-4B7-4232

 Email:

 In centivesS. REC@solarcity.com

 Nameo f ContacPt ersonR: osalieM iletich

 ContactP ersonT itle, addressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 I ncentives Coord inator

 661 1 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200, Las Vegas NV 891 19

 Phone8: 88.765.2489

 Fax: 702-489-4232

 Email:In centives.SR EC@solarcity.com

 Location of Resource:

 lll Within GeographicA rea of PJM InterconnectionL,. L.C.

 I Other (specifl'):

 . ' ' l . )

 :

 * l

 : . i . ]

 ' r"_)

 -q.

 \

 4.

 Fuel Types (Check all that are Applicable; see Notes for Additional
Definitions)

 Tier I

 tr Solar Energy

 Descriptiono f system- includingty peo f application(e .g.p hotovoltaioc r

 thermal),m anufacturer/suppliemr,o deln amc/numbers,y stemo rientation( tilt
and

 azimuth) and rype of mctcr (including modcl name/number):

 Panel: Hanwha Q-Cells Q.PRO G4/SC 260

 InverterA: BB

 PanelQ uantity8:

 Tilt: 14

 Wind

 Qualifying Biomass

 Methane from the anaerobic decomposition of organic materials in a landfill or

 7.

 wastewatetrr eatmenpt lant

 n Geothermal

 f] Ocean,i ncludinge nergyf rom waves,t ides,c urrents& thermald ifferences

 f] Fuel Cellsp roducinge lectricityf rom qualif,zingb iomasso r methanea sd
escribed

 above

 Tier II

 tr HydroelectricP owero thert hanP umpedS torage

 tr Waste-to-Energy

 Rated Capacity:2.08 KW (to one decimal place) or KW

 Other (specify):

 If multiple fuel sourcesa reu tilized, attachth e formulaf or computingt he
proportiono f

 output per fuel type by MWh (or kWh) generated.

 8. OperationaSl tartD ate: 10 116 I 15 (or dateo f approvedin terconnectiown
ith

 PEPCO,i f appropriate)

 If co-firing with fossil fuels, co-fire start date: I I

 If co-firing with fossilf uels,s ubmitt he allocationf ormulat hat indicatesth
e

 facility'sa nnualp ercentageo f electricityp roductionf rom fossilf uels.

 9. Is the facility a behind-the-mete(Br TM) generator?

 fl Yes (answer (a) below)

 fNo

 (a) Is net metering used? [ Ves E No

 PVI-3.0-OUTD-S-U(2S4 0V )

 Azimuth9: 0

 T

 TI

 T

 E

 ET

 TET

 10. As of the date of this Application, is the facility currently ccrtifred by
another state as

 eligibleg enerationre sourceto meett he renewablep ortfolio standardos f that
state?

 fvesENo

 Name of State:

 Statc Ccrtification Agency:

 StateC er1ifci ationN umber:

 Date Issued:

 RequiredD ocumentatiotno be Attached:

 E Cuncnt Ccrlificatco f Good Standingi,f applicablci,s suedb y the statei n
which thc

 businessw as formed

 One copy of U.S. Departrnenot f Energy,E nergyI nformationA dministrationF orm
EIA-

 860,i f ratedc apacityis &gt; 1.0M W

 Certifrcate of Authorization to Conduct Business in the District of Columbia.
if

 applicable

 Affidavit of General Compliance

 Affidavit of EnvironmentaCl ompliancei,f the ratedc apacityi s greaterth an
1OkW

 Documentationo f authorityt o signo n behalfo f Applicant

 Interconnectiona pproval etterf rom PEPCO,i f applicable

 Documentationth at the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiaslo larh eating,c
ooling,o r

 processh eatp ropertys ystemsp roducingo r displacingg reatert han 10,000k
ilowatt hours

 per yeari s determinedb y an on-sitee nergym etert hat meetsp erformances
tandards

 establishebdy the InternationaOl rganizationo f LegalM etrology( OIML) andt he
solar

 collectorsu sedh avea OG-100c ertificationf rom the SolarR atinga ndC
ertification

 Corporation( SRCC),i f applicable

 Documentationth at the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiaslo larh eating,c
ooling,o r

 processh eatp roperfys ystemsp roducingo r displacing1 0,000o, r less,k
ilowatt-hoursp er

 yeari s determinedb y the SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocol


 applicable to the property or by an onsite energy meter that meets performance
standards

 establishebdy OIML andt he solarc ollectorsu sedh avea OG-100c ertificationf
rom

 SRCC, if applicable

 Documentationth att he residentiasl olart hermals ysteme nergyo utputi s
determinedb y

 the SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocol orby an onsitee nergy


 metert hat meetsp erformances tandardes stablishebdy OIML andt he solarc
ollectors

 usedh avea OG-100c ertificationf rom SRCC,i f applicable

 tr

 l

 Underp enaltyo f perjury,t heu ndersignedh erebya ffirmst hath e/sheis
authorizedto andh ereby

 doesm aket his Applicationf or the Applicanta ndt hatb asedu ponp ersonakl
nowledgea nd

 informationt he contentso f this Applicationa rc truc.

 Date Printed Namc and Titlc

 fr,rAi 4

 " 'e

 Z;' )V28/t5 RosalMiei leticIhn,c entivceoso rdinator

 Signaturc

 Notes:

 1)" Solarc ncrgy"m cansr adiante nergy,d irect,d iffuse,o r reflectedr,
cccivcdf iom thc suna t

 v,ravelengthssu itablef or conversionin to thcrmal,c hemical,o r electricale
nergy,t hat is collectcd,

 gcneratedo, r storedf or usea t a latert ime.

 2) "Quali$ringb iomass"m eansa solid,n onhazardousc,e llulosicw astem aterialt
hat is

 segregatefdr om otherw astem aterialsa, ndi s derivedf rom any of the following
forestr elated

 rosourcesw, ith the exceptiono f old growtht imber,u nsegregatesdo lid waste,o
r postc onsumer

 wastepaper:

 (A) Mill residue;

 (B) Precommerciaslo ft wood thinnins:

 (C) Slash;

 (D) Brush;

 (E) Yard waste;

 (F) A waste pallet, crate, or dunnage;

 (G) Agriculturals ourcesin cludingt reec rops,v ineyardm aterialsg, rain,

 legumess, ugar,a ndo therc ropb y-productso r residueso; r

 (H) Co-fired biomass.

 Stateo f 1y

 County of Clark

 Rosalie Miletich

 AFFIDAVIT OF GENERAL COMPLIANCE

 Affiant, being duly swom/affirmed according to law. dcposes and says that:

 SS.

 Hc/sheis lhg Affiant (Officcr/Affianro) f SolarCityC orporation (Nameo f
Applicant):

 That he/sheis authorizedto andd oesm aket his affidavit for saidA pplicant.

 Thatt he Applicanth ereinc ertifiest o the Commissionu nderp enaltyo f perjuryt
hat:

 The Applicanta cknowledgetsh at any changein compliances tatusc onstitutesa
changeo f

 information,n oticeo f which by Applicanti s requiredt o be filed with the
Public Service

 Commissionim mediately.

 The Applicantf urtherc ertifiest hath e/sheh asp ersonallye xamineda ndi s
familiar with all

 informationc ontainedin the foregoinga pplicationi,n cludinga ny attachmentasn
d appendices,

 and further certifies that information to bc true, correct, and complete.

 Sworn and Subscribed Before Me this 28 day o P?'r:-O\5

 Signature of Affiant

 riotaryp uUic Stateo f Nevada

 Oounty of Clart&lt;

 APPT. NO.10_2035.1

 My CommissionE xpres: l8&p.bptresM rtv10,2018

 10t2u2015 t#425060ln1t erconnectroAnp plication- FinalA uthorizatiotno OperateF
or: EZRAC ASTEELD, C, Level1 ,5501277537:9 U tility

 lnt*rc*nn&euro;ctionA pplieatien- FinelA uthorlxeti*rt1e Oper3teF or: KXX&

 *&SXXXL,S Q,L ev**3 , $S81X 7?$3?S

 *i:&lt;-'-*t::,::*f .lpi:.1eij'l2 tays aEr:i Fti 16 *ii ?{,:"5: al 1?:'13 PiVl
,..ii {r:ra;,

 l-; s::l:.:1.,1':;&euro;r:.'1*:: ::;:il,: *r

 i - ' i , . , i ! j i . i . ,: . : t r r i . . , . : J: - .1I

 . t i 5 . : r l

 :+ r.i, l! . :r.1r^

 c nnection

 Gustomer Name:

 Street Address:

 City, State:

 Account Number:

 Source:

 Generation Size:

 Add&euro;n:

 Tariff:

 EZRA CASTEEL

 1602 16TH ST SE 1

 WASHINGTON,D, C

 55012775379

 SPV

 3.0

 NO

 NET METER

 l ianx yc; fcr ct r ; : lei ing i ie: r iercxn* : i i rn aL,gr ,cat ropnr f
,cesi . Yr t r systen: :s nox at l | :cnzed ior cperaaroc.

 Pepco 3f las ac cepted:hec cn ple:ec nrer connel l iola ppl ! ;al ronf c r lhl
s s y s lem"T he Ner Ere'gy Meie. ' l r l i r s

 j / ; : c n i h a s b e e ' ^ s ' a r i e cP e p c o DC h a s - e i e ' - , ^ e
c t h a i : n e ' e c - r : n - . e n l fsg r r h , 5 n : e 'j ) ^ ^ e c rl n .
e u u e s : : i t . e

 lssr: rr*i. Ylu a:"s l:;w althrue: i* rcterllxeci anC iull? operai* l!s
"ene\#abi* ener"gy :'isi*m as oi 1&i1$i?$15

 A:lacle* afe in3 :onpiela* irler:cnrecliln dclrrr*rl: ilr your relori:. ltrts
finalizes la* apriitaitx ;l;ceis.

 ilarr i::r: irr ila tppe*lniiy lc iacili:el* ylt:l f*l;ssi

 l - lat : { ' , : : : i l l ' l l * :1, :C, t l ' : :1, i : : l :g: : l r t , ,
, , i ; r i f r : : : l i l l * : l . i lg: i i : t r *E: . . , :A: |i i. r r :
: ; f .ave ar , 1l : *Sl i lX: :

 ,:ti:.*il:, :iea:e;:;i ,ii!l ,:r-la1!. T* *n*xr* a respanse. please send all
corresp*x**nce !c g5;.

 ssu:*i*lp*p*s.e*fir

 4p"pco

 Fnergyfo r a charrgin'g" ,vr:rld.

 'rx:

 *:e*l P:wer llll*:tlx iear-'

 .r. ?Xl l;x;a:r,r

 t2;lI 3?l-l4r 9 - i r ' , - : r e

 l 2 l 2 : 3 : l - i J l * - lax

 fjai:ir; {a.trs::: lu'1:,!1i; p :r{: :r: llh 3i. I'11&i.1 i::llngilr 3r- ?llll

datalexthtml;charset=utf-8,%3Ch7/o20clasVo3Do/o2su\x9/oDo/o2o/o20styleo/o3Do/o2m
argino/o3Aoh2ffipxTo2ffipxo/oD10px%38%20padding%3A%200px% 1t1

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-9843-48EE40879 4 02

 nfreFco

 A PHI Compnnq

 DISTRICTO F COLUMBIA

 CUSTOMERN ETE NERGYM ETERINGC ONTRACT

 (Facilitieso f 1000K ilowattso r less)

 The GreenP owerC onnectionrTMe amP epco

 A PHI Company

 (202)8 72-3419- Phone

 (202) 872-3228 - FAX

 qpc-south@pepco.com

 (Sendv ia Email,F AX,o r Mailt o PepcoG, PCT eam)

 MailingA ddressM: ailS top7 642,701g thS t. NW,W ashingtonD, C 20001

 FINAML av2 014 E#E

 t#r

 Effi

 DC NEM Contract

 DocuSignE nvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 BEE074 BgA 02

 PEPCO

 CUSTOMERN ETE NERGYM ETERINGC ONTRACT

 Qualifvingf acilitvo f 1000K W or less

 customer Name: Ezra casteel

 customerP epcoA cct#. '55012 7753 79

 '602 drts :. sr ^d_-r. l(o. Dc 2 02- . .Fd :r r" t.&lt;-R ( - rr Lt,\'B A

 CustomeAr ddress:

 customerT elephoneN umber.

 2025966825

 CustomerE _Ma i I Addr ess: ezra.irynka@mga ilc. om

 GeneratorM anufactupspA' BB

 MOdel: PVI-3.0-oUTD-S-(U2S40 v )

 Energyo r SourceT ype( e.9.p hotovoltaiwc,i nd,m icroturbinfeu,e lc ell,c
ogeneration):

 Photovoltaic

 Nameplatera tingA C and

 LocationW: ashinqton

 DC (KW) :D C:2 .08A C:3 .0

 Contracte, nteredi ntoa s of the date7 12112015

 , Districot f Columbia

 is between the Potomac

 Power Company (the Company; Pepco),a nd Ezraca steel

 (theC ustomerl)o cateda t

 16021 6thS t SE 1, WashingtonD C 20020,U nitedS tates

 Districot f Columbiaf,o rt he NetM eteringa ndi nterconnecteodp erationo f the

 Customer'gse neratinegq uipmenat ndt he Company'es lectrics ystemc ommencinogn

 WHEREAS, Pepco is required to have this standard Net Energy Metering

 Contracta pplicableto Customer-Generatowrhso meet the requirementsse t forth in


 D.C.C odeS 34-1501(1 5)a nd1 518a nda ppl icablreu lesa doptedb ytheP ubl icS
ervice

 Commissioonf the Districot f Columbiaa;n d

 WHEREAS,t he Customerh as representedto the Companyt hat it meetst hose

 requirements.

 This

 Electric

 DC NEMC ontract FINAML ay2 014

 DocuSign EnvelopeID . 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 89A 02

 In consideratioonf the agreementsh ereinaftesre t forth,t he partiesa greea s

 follows:

 ARTICLEl : DEFINITIONS

 Thef ollowingte rmss hallh avet hef ollowingm eaningsu ndert hisC ontract:

 '.'.istheperiodoftime(approximate|ythirty

 (30)d ays)b etweenth e recordingo f meterede nergyd eliveredto and receivedfr
omt he

 Customer'Gs eneratioFn acility.

 "Q.ru,gi!y" is the maximum output, expressed in kilowatts, of an electric

 generatour nders pecificc onditionds esignatedb y the manufacturear,s
indicatedo n a

 narneplatpeh ysicallayt tachedto theg enerator.

 "9gggjggig!" is the PublicS erviceC ommissiono f the Districot f Columbia.

 '',.meanSaperSon,inc|udinganaggregator,

 broker,o r marketerw, ho generatese lectricitys;e llse lectricityo;r
purchasesb, rokers,

 arrangeso r marketse lectricityfo r sale for retail customers:T he term
excludest he

 following: (A) Building owners, lessees, or managers who manage the internal

 distributiosny stems ervings uchb uildinga ndw ho supplye lectricitsyo lelyt o
occupants

 of the buildingfo r use by the occupants(;B ) (1) Any personw ho purchasese
lectricity

 for its own use or for the use of its subsidiarieosr affiliateso; r (2) Any
apartment

 buildingo r officeb uildingm anagewr ho aggregateesl ectrics ervicer
equirementfso r his

 or her buildingo r buildingso,r who doesn ot:( a) Taket itlet o the
electricity(;b ) Market

 electrics ervicesto the individually-metertenda ntso f hiso r her buildingo; r
(c) Engage

 in the resale of electric service to others; (C) Property owners who supply
small

 amountso f power,a t cost, as accommodatiotno lessorso r licenseeso f the
property;

 and (D)A consolidator.

 "Customer-qeneratorm" eansa residentiaolr commerciaclu stometrh at owns

 (or leaseso r contractsa) nd operatesa n electricg eneratingfa cilityt hat: (a)
has a

 capacityo f not moret han 1000k ilowatts(;b ) usesr enewablere sourcesc,o
generation,

 fuel cells, or microturbines(;c ) is located on the customer'sp remises;( d) is


 interconnectewdi tht he ElectricC ompany'str ansmissioann d distributiofna
cilitiesa; nd

 (e) is intended primarily to offset all or part of the customer's own
electricity

 requirements.

 ',''iSa||oftheCustomer'sp|antandequipment,

 includingt he Customer'sg enerator,in verter,s toraged evices,a nd
Interconnection

 Equipmenlto, catedo n the Customer'ssi deo f the Pointo f Delivery.

 " " is all equipmenat ndf acilitieos wned

 by the Customear nd locatedo n the Customer'ssi deo f the Pointo f Deliveryin
stalledto

 interconnecatn d delivere nergyt o the Company's ystem,i ncludingb ut not
limitedt o

 connections,w itchingt,r ansformatiopnr,o tectivree layinga nds afetye
quipment.

 DC NEM Contract FINAL May 20'14

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C964-E'15 4-43AA-984-34 BEE074 894 02

 '.,'meanSacUStomer-generatorWhoSenetenergy

 meterings ystemf or renewablere sourcesc,o generationfu, el cells,a nd
microturbines

 meetsa ll applicablsea fetya ndp erformancset andards.

 ...,meanStheperki|owatt-hourdistributioncharges

 appl icablteo then ete nergyb i l l ingc ustomedru r ingth eb i l l ingp er
iod.

 '.,,meanStheperki|owatt-hourtransmission

 chargesa ppl icablteo then ete nergyb i l l ingc ustomedru r ingth eb i l l
ingp er iod.

 "99@"means

 timesth en umbeor f kilowatt-hours

 associatewdi ths uchu saqea ndior

 the producot f the applicableS OS kilowatt-hourar te

 consumeda nd/ors uppliedd, uringt he timep eriod(s)

 supply.

 ..@',meanSthedifferencebetweenthekilowatt-hours

 consumedb y a customer-generataonr d the kilowatt-hourgse neratedb y the
customergenerator'fsa

 cilityo vera ny time periodd etermineda s if measuredb y a singlem eter

 capableo f registeringth e flowo f electricityin two directions.

 '.@'.meanSabi||ingandmeteringpracticeunderwhicha

 customer-generaitso br illedo n theb asiso f nete nergyo vert he billingp
eriod.

 '.@',iSthe|ocationwheretheCustomer,s|nterconnection

 Equipmenatn dt he Company'ssy stema rec onnected.

 ..@''iStheCustomer,sbui|dingorpartofabui|dingwithits

 appurtenance(sa s grounds)w here the Customert akes servicef rom the Company

 undera uniquea ccounnt umber.

 '.''meanSthosepractices,methodsandequipment,

 as changedfr omt imet o time,t hata rec ommonlyu sedi n prudenet lectricaeln
gineering

 and operationtso operatee lectrice quipmenlta Mullya ndw iths afetya nd
dependability

 and thata re in accordancwe itht he NationaEl lectricaCl ode,t he Instituteo f
Electrical

 and ElectronicE ngineersC ode or any other applicableF ederal,S tate and Local

 governmencto des,a nd the Company'sc onstructiosnt andardsa nd the Commission's


 lnterconnectioRnu les under Chapter4 0 of Title 15 of the DCMR,t he "Districto
f

 ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les"( "DCSGIR").

 ..@,'meanSoneofthefo||owingSourceSofenergy:So|ar,

 wind,t idal,g eothermabl,i omassh, ydroelectrfiacc ilitieos r digestegr as.

 "Standard Offer Service Provider" meansa providero f standardo ffers ervice

 chosenp ursuantto Chapte2r 9 of theC ommissionr'su les.

 DC NEMC ontract FINAML ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43M-9843-4 BEE047B g4 02

 ARTICLEl l: QUALIFICATIONS

 It is the purpose of this Contract to set forth rates and conditions for

 interconnectepda, ralleol perationo f Customeor wneda ndo peratede lectricg
enerating

 facilitie(sC ustomeGr eneratioFn acilityu) singR enewablRe esourcesc,o
generatiofnu,e l

 cells or microturbinesT.h is Contracti s not availablef or facilitiesh aving a
total

 generatingc apacityo f more than 1000 kW at a single Premises. A Customer's

 GenerationF acilitym ustb e locatedo n the Customer'Ps remisesa nd mustb e
intended

 primarilyto offseta ll or parto f the Customer'osw n electricitrye quirementsS.
erviceis

 providedu ndert hisC ontracst ubjectto the provisionlsis tedb elow.

 Fort he interconnectioonf a CustomeGr eneratioFn acilityt,h e Companya ndt he

 Customers hall follow the interconnectiopnr oceduress et forth in the Districto
f

 ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les,C hapte4r 0 of Title1 5 of the
DCMR,

 the "Districot f ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les"p riort o
enteringin to

 thisN et EnergyM eteringC ontract.

 ARTICLEl l l : TERM

 The term of this Contracst hallc ommence

 initiallyfo r one year and thereafteor n a monthly

 the terms herein.

 on _ and shall extend

 basis,u nlesst erminatedp ursuantto

 ARTICLE IV: NET ENERGY METERING

 Servicep rovidedu ndert his Contracti s billedu ndert he Customer'sn ormally

 applicableD istricot f ColumbiaS chedules"R "," AE"," RTM", "GS ND", "GS LV",'
GS

 3A", 'GT LV", "GT 3A", and "GT 38" for Customer-Generatorwsh o meet the

 requi remenstse tf or thi n D.C.C odeS 34-1501(1 5)a nd 1518;t heC ompany'Sst
andard

 Net MeteringC ontracta; nd the Commission'Ns et EnergyM eteringR ulesa doptedi
n

 OrderN o.1 5837i,s suedJ une1 1 , 2010.

 Net EnergyB illinga pplieso nlyt o kilowatt-houurs agec harges.N ete nergyb
illing

 customersa re responsiblefo r all otherc hargesa pplicableto the customer'sr
ate class

 and recoveredth roughf ixeda mountso r overu nitso thert han kilowatt-hourisn,c
luding

 customear nd/ord emandc hargesa s applicable.

 Thea pplicatioonf thisR idert o Schedule"sR TM", GTL V"," GT-3A"a, nd" GT-38"

 shallb e on the basiso f energyi nflowo r outflowd uringe achT imeo f Usep
ricingp eriod

 rathert hano n thet otalm onthlye nergyr egistration.

 Billingf or Net EnergyM eteringC ustomersw ith CompetitiveS uppliers

 MonthlvG eneratioann dT ransmissioSne rvice- Creditso r chargess hallb e

 calculatebdy the Suppliear t the rates pecifiedin thea greemenbt etweenth e
Customer-

 Generatoar ndt he CompetitivEel ectricitSyu pplier.

 DC NEMC ontract FINAML ay2 014 flffi

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 89A .02

 MonthlvD istributioSne rviceC harqes- lf them eterh asr egisterende ti nflowo f


 electricitfyo rt he billingm onth,t heC ustomer-Generastohra llb e billedf or
the neti nflow

 at thea pplicablfeu llr etairl atef or DistributioSne rvices.

 lf the meterh asr egisterende to utflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
ndt he

 Customer'gse neratinfga cilityh asa capacityo f 100k ilowattos r less,a dollarv
alue

 credits hallb e calculatebdy applyingth ef ullr etailr atef or DistributioSne
rvicee xcluding

 surchargetso the neto utflowT. hisc redits hallb e appliedto the nextm onthlyb
illa ndt o

 subsequenmt onthlyb ills,i f necessaryu,n tilf ullye xhausted.

 lf the meterh as registerende t outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
nd the

 Customer-Generatogre'sn eratinfga cilityis greaterth an1 00k ilowattisn size,t
heres hall

 be no creditf or DistributioSne rvicefo rt he neto utflow.

 Billing for Net Energy Metering Customers with Standard Offer Service (SOS)

 MonthlvG enerationS ervice- lf the meterh as registeredn et inflowo f
electricity

 for the billingm onth,t he Customer-Generatsohra llb e billedf or the net
inflowa t the

 applicablSe OSr atef or GeneratioSn ervice.

 lf the meterh as registerende t outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
dollar

 valuec redits hallb e calculatedb y applyingth e full SOS ratef or GenerationS
erviceto

 the net outflowT. his credits hallb e appliedt o the nextm onthlyb illa nd to
subsequent

 monthlyb ills,i f necessaryu,n tilf ullye xhausted.

 MonthlvT ransmissiona nd DistributionS erviceC harqes- lf the meter has

 registerende t inflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,t he CustomeGr
eneratosrh allb e

 billedf or the net inflowa t the applicablfeu llr etairl atesf or
Transmissioann d Distribution

 Services.

 lf the meterh as registerende t outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
nd the

 Customer'sg eneratingfa cilityh as a capacityo f 100 kilowattso r less,a
dollarv alue

 credits hallb e calculatebdy applyingth ef ullr etailr atef or Transmissioann d
Distribution

 Servicee xcludings urchargetso the net outflowT. hisc redits hallb e appliedt o
the next

 monthlyb illa ndt o subsequenmt onthlyb ills,i f necessaryu,n tilf ullye
xhausted.

 lf the meterh as registerende to utflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
nd the

 Customer-Generatogre'sn eratinfga cilityis greaterth an1 00k ilowattisn size,t
heres hall

 be no creditf orT ransmissioann dD istributioSne rvicefo r the neto utflow.

 ARTICLEV : INTERCONNECTEEDQ UIPMENT

 The Customeris responsiblefo r all costsa ssociatedw ith the installatioann d

 connectiono f its generatinge quipment.T he Customesr hallp rovidea nd
maintainin

 goodw orkingo rdera utomaticp rotective quipmenitn compliancwe ith the
Instituteo f

 Electricaal nd ElectronicsE ngineersl,n c.'sI EEE Standard1 547 ("IEEE1 547")a
nd

 Sections4 002-40Ao8f the DCSGIRT. he Companys hallc onducth e appropriatLee vel


 DC NEMC ontract FINAML ay2 014 H#

 DocuSignE nvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 89A 02

 of Reviewo f the automaticp rotectivee quipmenti n accordancew ith Sections4
004-

 4007o f the DCSGIRt o determinew hethers uche quipmenits fit for use with
Pepco's

 system.

 ARTICLEV l: INTERCONNECTEODP ERATION

 Interconnectiownit ht he Company'sy stemr equiresth e installatioonf protective


 equipment.A Customer'sG eneratingF acilitym ust be in compliancew ith IEEE 1547


 and the DCSGIRt o receiveN et EnergyM eterings erviceu ndert his Contract. The

 Customer'es quipmenmt ustb e installeda nd configuredin accordancwe ith IEEE1
547

 andS ections4 002-4008o f the DCSGIRto ensuret hatp aralleol perationce asesp
ert he

 IEEE 1547 and DCSGIRr equirementdsu ringC ompanys ystemo utagesa ffectingth e

 Customer'slo cation.T he Customer'sG eneratingF acilitym ust meet the
applicable

 requirementosf the NationaEl lectricaCl ode and the applicablere quirementosf
the

 applicablest andardsis suedb y the lnstituteo f Electricaal nd ElectroniEc
ngineersa nd

 the Un derwriterLs aboratories.

 lf the Customerf ails to complyw ith any requiremenot f this Articleo f the

 Contractt,h e Companym ay terminateth e Customer'ss ervicef rom the Company's

 electrics ystem.I n thise vent,t he Customewr illb e providedw itha n
opportunittyo enter

 into a new net meteringc ontractb y (1) providingt he Companyw ith a notarized

 statemenet xplainintgh e causeo f the violationa nde videnceth att he causeo f
the initial

 violationh as beenr emediedin such a mannera s to preventi ts recurrencei,n
cluding

 copieso f all inspectionpse rformedo n the Customer'sG enerationF acility(;2 )
fullyr equalifyingw

 itha ll provisionosf the Commission'Rs ulesa nd the net meteringc ontract;

 and (3) fulfillinga ny reasonablere quirementess tablishedb y the Companyt o
ensure

 thatt he Company'ss ystemi s adequatelyp rotectedfr omf uturev iolationo f the
Article.l f

 the Customer and Pepco are unable to resolve any disputes as to whether the

 Customehr as met eacho f the requirementso enteri ntoa new net meteringc
ontract,

 the Customemr ayf ilea n informacl omplainwt itht he Commission.

 ARTICLEV l l : METERING

 The Companys hallf urnish,i nstall,m aintaina nd own all meteringe quipment

 neededf or measuremenot f the energys upplieda nd received. The Companyw ill

 provideo ne or more metersc apableo f "Net EnergyM etering"i,. e. a metert hat
can

 registert he flow of energyb othf rom the Customerto the Company( out-flowa) nd
from

 the Companyto the Custome(ri n-flow),

 ARTICLEV l l l :A CCESS

 Pleases ee Accessu ndert he Level1 InterconnectioRne quesAt pplicatioFn orm

 and Agreemento r Right of Access under the Level 2-4 StandardA greementf or

 Interconnectioonf SmallG eneratoFr acilitieos f the DCSGIRw, hicha re
applicableto

 yourg eneratingfa cilityb asedo n its levelo f review.

 DC NEMC ontract FINAML av2 0'14 ffi

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 89A 02

 ARTICLElX : CONTINUITOY F SERVICE

 Pleases ee Disconnectiounn dert he Level1 InterconnectioRne quesAt pplication

 Form and Agreemento r TemporaryD isconnectiounn der the Level 2-4 Standard

 Agreemenfto r Interconnectioonf S mallG eneratoFr acilitieosf the DCSGIRw,
hicha re

 applicablteo yourg eneratinfga cilityb asedo n its levelo f review.

 ARTICLEX : GOVERNMENTAALU THORIZATIONS

 The Customesr hallo btaina ll governmentaalu thorizationasn d permitsr equired

 for operationo f the Customer'sG enerationF acilitya nd shall maintaina ll
required

 governmentaal uthorizationasn d permitsr equiredf or the Customer'sG eneration

 Facility during the term hereof. The Customer shall provide copies of any such

 authorizationpse, rmitsa nd licensesto the Companyin compliancwe ith Chapter4 0
of

 Ti t le1 5o f theD CMR,t heD CSGIR.

 ARTICLEX l : INDEMNIFICATION

 X|.1. Level 1 Indemnification

 The partiess hall at all times indemnifyd, efend,a nd save the other party

 harmlessf rom any and all damages,l osses,c laims,i ncludingc laimsa nd actions


 relatingt o injuryt o or death of any persono r damaget o propertyd, emand,s
uits,

 recoveriesc,o stsa nd expensesc, ourtc osts,a ttorneyfe es,a nd all othero
bligationbsy

 or to thirdp artiesa, risingo ut of or resultingfr omt he otherp arty'sa ctiono
r inactionos f

 itso bligationusn dert hisa greemenot n behalfo f the indemnifyinpga rty,e
xcepti n cases

 of grossn egligencoer intentionawlr ongdoinbgy the indemnifiePda rty.

 X1.2. Level 2 through 4 ("Level 2-4") lndemnity

 xt.2.1Thisp rovisionp rotectse achP artyf roml iabilityin curredto thirdp
artiesa s a

 resulto f carryingo ut the provisionos f thisA greementL. iabilityu ndert his
provisionis

 exemptf rom the generall imitationos n liabilityfo und in Article6 .2 of the
Level2 -4

 StandardA greemenfto r Interconnectionf S mallG eneratoFr acilitiefso r the
DCSGIR.

 xt.2.2T he Partiess halla t all timesi ndemnifyd,e fend,a nd holdt he otherP
arty

 harmlessf rom, any and all damages,l osses,c laims,i ncludingc laimsa nd
actions

 relatingt o injuryt o or death of any persono r damaget o propertyd, emand,s
uits,

 recoveriesc,o stsa nde xpensesc, ourtc osts,a ttorneyfe es,a nd all other
obligationbsy

 or to third parties,a risingo ut of or resultingfr om the other Party'sa ctiono
r failuret o

 meeti ts obligationusn dert hisA greemenot n behalfo f the indemnifyinPga rty,e
xcepti n

 caseso f grossn egligencoer intentionawlr ongdoinbgy the indemnifiePda rty.

 xt.2.3P romptlya fterr eceipbt y an indemnifiePda rtyo f any claimo r noticeo f
the

 commencemenotf anya ctiono r administrativoer legalp roceedinogr
investigatioans to

 whicht he indemnityp rovidedfo r in this Articlem ay apply,t he indemnifiePd
artys hall

 notifyt he indemnifyinPga rtyo f suchf act.A nyf ailureo f or delayi n suchn
otificatiosnh all

 ffi DC NEMC ontract FINALM ay 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopeID : 09B0C96A-E'15 4-43AA-984-34 8EE074 89A 02

 not affecta Party'sin demnificatioonb ligationu nlesss uchf ailureo r delayi s
materially

 prejudiciatol the indemnifyinPga rty.

 x1.2.4lfa n indemnifiePd artyi s entitledto indemnificatiounn dert hisA rticlea
s a

 resulto f a claim by a third party,a nd the indemniryinPga rtyf ails,a fter
noticea nd

 reasonableo pportunittyo proceedu ndert his Article,t o assumet he defenseo f
such

 claim,s uch indemnifiedP artym ay at the expenseo f the indemnifyinPga rtyc
ontest,

 settleo r consentto thee ntryo f anyj udgmenwt ithr espectto , or payi nf ull,s
uchc laim.

 xt .2.5l fa n indemni fyinPga r tyi s obl igatetdo indemni fayn dh olda nyi
ndemni f ied

 Partyh armlessu ndert hisA rticlet,h e amounto wingt o the indemnifiepde rsons
hallb e

 the amounto f such indemnifiedP arty'sa ctuall oss, net of any insuranceo r
other

 recovery.

 ARTICLE Xll: ASSTGNMENT

 This Contracts hall not be assigned,p ledgedo r transferredb y either party

 withoutt he writtenc onsento f the non-assigninpga rty,w hich consents hall not
be

 unreasonablwy ithheld. All assignees,p ledgeeso r transfereess hall assume all

 obligationosf the partya ssigningth e Contract.l f this Contracits assignedw
ithout he

 writtenc onsento f the non-assigninpga rty,t he non-assigninpga rtym ay
terminateth e

 Contract.

 ARTICLEX l l l : BREACHT; ERMINATION

 Exceptf or terminationo f this Contractp ursuantt o the second paragrapho f

 ArticleV l, if the Customear t any timef ailst o meeta ny of the otherr
equirementsse t

 forth in this Contract,P epcom ay immediatelyte rminatet he Contract. The
Company

 shalln ot be liablet o the Customefro r damageso f any kindr esultingfr oma
termination

 pursuantto thisp aragraph.

 ARTICLE XIV: WAIVER

 Any waiver at any time by either party of its rights with respect to a default
under

 this Contract, or with respect to any other matters arising in connection with
this

 Contracts, halln ot be deemeda waiverw ithr especto any subsequendte faulot r
other

 matter.

 ARTICLE XV: MODIFICATION

 No modificatiotno thisC ontracst hallb e validu nlessi t is in writinga nd
signedb y

 both parties hereto.

 ARTICLEX VI: APPLICABLEL AWS

 ThisC ontracits madei n accordancwe itht he lawso f the Districot f Columbiaa
nd

 shall be construeda nd interpretedi n accordancew ith the laws of the Districto
f

 DC NEMC ontract FINALM ay 20'14

 DocuS rg n EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-894 3- 48EE074 894 02

 ColumbiaT. hee ffectiveN etE nergyM eteringru leso f the Commissioanr ea
pplicablteo

 this Contract.

 ARTICLE XVll: INTEGRATION

 The termsa nd provisioncso ntainedin this Contracbt etweenth e Customear nd

 the Companyc onstitutteh ee ntireC ontracbt etweenth e Customear ndt he
Companyfo r

 NetE nergyM eteringa nds halls upersedea ll previousc ommunicationrse,p
resentations,

 or agreementse, itherv erbalo r written,b etweent he Customera nd the Company

 regardingN etE nergyM etering

 ARTICLE XVlll: INTERPRETATION

 lf anyi nconsistenceyx istsb etweena nyp rovisionin ArticlesI throughX Vll of
this

 ContractP, epcom ayi n itss oled iscretiocnh oosew hichp rovisionsh allc
ontrol.

 ARTICLE XIX: SEVERABILITY

 The invalidityo f any provisiono f this Contracts hall not affectt he validityo
r

 enforceabilitoyf any otherp rovisions et forthh erein.

 lN WITNESSW HEREOFt,h e partiesh eretoh avec ausedt his instrumentto be

 executeda, lla s of thed aya ndy earf irsta bovew ritten.

 Potomac Electric Power Company

 By:

 Title:

 Date:

 Net Metering Customer

 7-Oocusigned by:

 I - l

 By: I &euro;ryo iisk't"L

 \-- D408281C366C4C0.

 Ti'e: Homeowner

 Date: 7 /zr/23J5

 FINAML av2 014 trstr 1-rfif

 Effi

 DC NEM Contract '10

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 0980C964-E1 54-43M-9843-4BEE074BgA02

 nreFGo

 A FHI Campnnq

 DISTRICTO F COLUMBIAL EVEL1 INTERCONNECTION

 APPLICATION& AGREEMENT

 With Terms and Conditions for Interconnection

 (LabC ertifiedIn verter-BaseSdm allG eneratoFra cilitieLs essT hano r Equatl o
10kW)

 The GreenP owerC onnec{ ron'T1re arn

 Pepco

 A PHt Con,prn,y

 ' .202t8 7'2-3J1 I - Ph' , :ne

 ' 2{..j28:7 2--322-8 t rAX

 (Senda ppl icat ionvsi a Emai l ,

 , . . . . . . - - , , - " , . , - a " - . -

 FAX,o r Mailt o PepcoA, ttentionG PCT eam)

 Mai l ingA ddressM. ai lS top7 642,7019 'nS t .N W,W ashingtonD,C 2 0001

 DC Level1 InterconnectioAnp olication& Aqreement

 Page 1 FINAL May 2014 ffi

 DocuSignE n velopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 BgA 02

 7Ap*peo

 A PHI Compong

 Level 1

 PART | - District of Columbia

 InterconnectionR equestA pplicationF orma nd Agreement

 An applicatiofne e of $'100p ayableto the EDCi s requiredb eforet he
applicatiocna nb e processed

 Pleasev erifyth att hef eei s includewd itht hea pplicationA:p plicatiofne ei
ncludedr

 Interconnection Customer Contact lnformation

 uuslometr\, a me:EzraC asteel

 Mai l inAg ddress1:6 021 6thS t SE 1

 City:Washinqton State:DC Zip Code:20020

 Telephon(eD aytime)2: 025966825 (Mobile):

 FacsimileN umber: E-MailA ddress: ezra.irynka@gmail.com

 Alternative Contact Information (if different from Customer Contact
lnformation)

 Name:

 MailingA ddress:

 City: State: Zip Code:

 Telephone(D aytime):

 FacsimileN umber:

 (Mobile):

 EquipmenGt ontractor

 Name:S olarCiCtyo rp

 E-MailAddress:

 MailingA ddress:6 671L asV egasB lvdS outh

 City

 Telephone(D aytime)7:0 2-703-895(M1 obi le) :

 Facsimi lNe umber :

 Electrical Gontractor (if Differenftr om

 Name:

 State:NV Zip Code:8 911 9

 E-MaiAl ddress:i nterconnection.dc@solarcity.com

 EquipmenCt ontractor):

 .Las Vegas

 MailingA ddress:

 City: State: 7ip Code:

 Telephone(D aytime): (Mobile):

 FacsimileN umber:

 LicenseN umber:

 E-MailAddress:

 Active License? Yes No

 DC Level1 lnterconnectioAno olication& Aqreement

 Page 2 FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSionE nvelooeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-9B4-438 EE074 89p .02

 FacilitvI nformation(b uildinqw heret he smallq eneratofra cilitvi s located)

 ElectricD istributioCn ompany( EDC)S ervingF acilityS ite: 16021 6thS t SE 1

 ElectricS upplier( if differenftr om EDC):

 AccountN umbero f Facilitvs ite( existinqEDCc ustomers5):5 012 7753 79

 Facilitv Address (buildinq where the small qenerator facilitv is located)

 Address:1 602161hS t SE 1

 City:Wsahington StateD: C Zip Code:2 0020

 Small Generator Facilitv Information

 In verterM anufactureAr B B ModePt:V t-3.0-OUTD-S-U(S2 40V )

 Nameplate Rating:l(kW)- (kVA)4 (AC Volts)

 SystemD esignC apacity:30 (kW)-(kVA)

 PrimeM over:P hotovoltai.c- ReciprocatinEgn gineI FuelC ellr TurbineI Other

 EnergyS ource:S olarI Wind I HydroI Dieselr NaturaGl as FuelO il I Other

 ls the inverterl ab certified?Y es il

 (lf yes, attach manufacturer'sc ut sheet showing listing and label informationf
rom the

 appropriateli stinga uthoritye, .g. UL 1741 listing.l f no, facilityi s not
eligiblef or Level 1

 Application.)

 t Net Meter (Small generator facility will export power pursuant to District of
Columbia

 Customer Net Energy Metering Contract)

 EstimatedC ommissionig Date: 910712015

 lnsurance Disclosure

 The attachedte rmsa nd conditionsc ontainp rovisionsre latedt o liabilitya, nd
indemnification

 and should be carefullyc onsideredb y the interconnectionc ustomer.T he
interconnection

 customeris not requiredto obtaing enerall iabilityin surancec overagea s a
preconditiofno r

 interconnectiona pproval; however,t he interconnectionc ustomer is advised to
consider

 obtaininga ppropriatei nsurancec overaget o covert he interconnectioncu
stomer'sp otential

 liabilityu ndert hisa greement.

 DC Level 1 Interconnect ioAn pol icat ion& Aoreemenl

 Page 3 FINAL May 2014 ##

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 BEE047B g4 02

 Customer Siqnature

 I herebyc ertifyt hat: 1) | have read and understandth e terms and conditionsw
hich are

 attached hereto by reference and are a part of this agreement; 2) | hereby
agree to comply

 with the attachedt erms and conditionsa; nd 3) to the best of my knowledgea, ll
of the

 informatiopnr ovidedin thisa pplicationre quesfto rm is completea nd true.

 lnterconnection Customer

 pri nted Name : [-;5;"fi,9;;0r6,^'

 I ' O r t t -

 Signature: )

 vlrn L'astt'u

 . \-D408281C386C4C0

 Tile: Homeowner

 Date: 7 /21-/201-5

 An applicationfe e of $100 payablet o the EDC is requiredb eforet he
applicationc an be

 processedP. leasev erifyt hat the fee is includedw ith the application:

 Applicatiofne e includedI Check# 297956,Fed Ex Tracking:7T41T6394880

 Conditional Aqreement to Interconnect Small Generator Facilitv

 Receipto f the applicationfe e is acknowledgeda nd, by its signatureb elow,t he
EDC has

 determinedth e interconnectiorne questi s complete.I nterconnectioonf the
smallg enerator

 facilityi s conditionallya pprovedc ontingentu pon the attachedt erms and
conditionso f this

 agreementt he returno f the attachedC ertificateo f Completiond uly executedv
erificationo f

 electricailn spectiona nd successfuwl itnesst est or EDC waivert hereof.

 EDC Signature.

 Date:

 PrintedN ame.

 Title:

 DC Level1 InterconnectioAnD plicatio&n Aqreement

 Page 4 FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-894 3-48EE0478 94 02

 I ntercon nection Gustomer Contact I nformati on

 Name. Ezra Casteel

 Level1 PARTl l - SmallG eneratorF acilityI nterconnection

 Certificateo f CompletionF orml

 Mai l ing4 661s55'160126 thS t SE 1

 City.Washington State: DC ZioCode;20020

 TelePhone(D aYtime2);0 2596682S (Mobi le) :

 E-MaIi Address: ezra.irnyk a@gmail.com FaxN umber :

 Equipment Contractor Name

 Name: SolarCity Corporation

 Maitin4g6 6ps5s'667L1a sV egasB lvdS outh _

 City:LaVs egas StateN: V ZipC ode8: 911 9

 TelePhon(eD aYtime7):0 2 637-3608 (Mobi le) :

 FacsimileN umber:

 Final Electric Inspection and Applicant Siqnature

 The Small Generator Facility is complete and has been approved by the local
electric

 inspectorh avingj urisdictionA. signedc opy of the electrici nspector'sfo rm
indicatingfi nal

 approval is attached. The InterconnectionC ustomer acknowledgest hat the Small

 Generator Facility is not ready for operation until receipt of the final
acceptance of an

 approvalb y the ElectricD istributionC ompany( "EDC")a s providedb elow.

 PrintedN ame:

 Signature:

 Date: 7 /21-/201-s

 Checki f copy of signede lectrici nspectionfo rm is attachedr

 Acceptance and Final Approval of Interconnection Installation (for EDC use
only)

 The interconnectioins tallatioins approveda nd the SmallG eneratoFr acilityis
approvedfo r

 operation under the terms and conditions of the District of Columbia Small
Generator

 InterconnectioRnu lesa nd a dulys igneda nd executedI nterconnectioAng reement.


 EDC waives Witness Test? (lnitial) Yes (C;\p No (_)

 lf not waived,d ate.-qsf uccessfulWitnessT est:_ Passed:( lnitial)( _ ) ' t

 , , / , ' t - / , /

 EDC Signature:(,"':tr",r-efo"Y i 4't'i,o/.!'*'') g6i.s' 1011612015

 printed Name: ConstanceC hristopher Tile: AccountC oordinator

 t Thei nterconnect iosnh al ln ot be deemedc ompletea nd readyf or operat ionu
nt i lt he

 hasc ompletedth isf orm,s ecuredth e necessarayt tachmentasn d signaturesre,
turned

 EDC'dse signateadd dressa,n dr eceivead f inals igneda pprovaflo rmf romt he
EDC.

 in terconnect iocnu stomer

 a copy to the EDC at the

 FINAL May 2014

 DC Level 1 Interconnection Apolication & Aqreement

 Page 5

 DocuSign EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8EE074 894 02

 Terms and Conditions for lnterconnection

 Constructiono f the Small GeneratorF acilityT. he interconnectiocnu stomerm ay

 proceedt o construc(ti ncludingo perationatle stingn ott o exceed2 hours)t he
small

 generatofra cilityo ncet he conditionaal greementto interconnecat smallg
enerator

 facilityh as beens ignedb y the EDC.

 Final Interconnectioann d OperationT. he interconnectiocnu stomerm ay operate

 the small generatorf acilitya nd interconnecwt ith the EDC's electricd
istribution

 system once all of the following have occurred:

 a) ElectricalI nspection:U pon completingc onstructiont,h e interconnection

 customerw ill causet he smallg eneratofra cilityt o be inspectedb y the local

 electricawl iringi nspectowr ithj urisdictionw ho shalle stablishth at the
small

 generatofra cilitym eetst he requirementosf the NationaEl lectricaCl ode.

 b) Certificateo f Completion:T he interconnectionc ustomers hall providet he

 EDC with a completedc opy of the Certificateo f Completion,in cluding

 evidenceo f the electricali nspectionp erformedb y the locala uthorityh aving

 jurisdictionT. he evidenceo f completiono f the electricali nspectionm ay be

 provided on inspection forms used by local inspecting authorities. The

 interconnectionre quest shall not be finally approved until the EDC's

 representativesi gnst he Certificateo f Completion.

 c) The EDC has either waived the right to a Witness Test in the

 interconnectiorne quest,o r completedi ts WitnessT est as per the following:

 Withint en (10) businessd ays of the estimatedc ommissionindga te,

 the EDC may, upon reasonablen oticea nd at a mutuallyc onvenient

 time, conduct a Witness Test of the small generator facility to ensure

 that all equipmenth as been appropriatelyin stalleda nd that all

 electricacl onnectionsh aveb eenm adei n accordancew itha pplicable

 codes.

 lf the EDC does not perform the Witness Test within the 10 day

 periodo r such othert ime as is mutuallya greedt o by the partiest,h e

 Witness Test is deemed waived.

 IEEE 1547. The small generator facility is installed, operated, and tested in

 accordance with the requirements of IEEE standard 1547, "Standard for

 InterconnectingD istributedR esourcesw ith ElectricP ower Systems",a s amended

 and supplementeda,t the timet he interconnectiorne questi s submitted.

 Access.T he EDC shallh aved irect,u nabateda ccesst o the meteringe quipmenot f


 the smallg eneratofra cilitya t all times.T he EDC shallp rovider easonablen
oticet o

 the customerw henp ossiblep riort o usingi ts righto f access.

 MeteringA. ny requiredm eterings hall be installedp ursuantt o appropriateta
riffs

 andt estedb y the EDC pursuantto the EDCsm etert estingr equirements

 1)

 .t \)

 i i )

 3)

 4)

 5)

 DC Level1 InterconnectioAnp olication& Aoreement

 Page6 FINALM ay2 014

 DocuS i g n EnvelopeID : 0980C96A1-E 54-43AA-984-34 8E8074 89A 02

 DisconnectionT.h e EDC may temporarilyd isconnectth e small generatorf acility

 upont he followingc onditions:

 a) Fors cheduledo utagesu ponr easonablen otice;

 b) For unscheduleodu tageso r emergencyc onditions;

 c) lf the smallg eneratofra cilityd oesn ot operatei n the mannerc onsistenwt
ith

 this agreement;

 lmproperin stallatioonr failuret o passt he WitnessT est;

 lf the smallg eneratofra cilityis creatinga safety,r eliabilitoyr a powerq
uality

 problemo; r

 The interconnectioenq uipmenut sedb y the smallg eneratofra cilityis delistedb

 y the NationallyR ecognizedT estingL aboratortyh atp rovidedth e

 listinga t the timet he interconnectiowna s approved.

 IndemnificationT.h e partiess hall at all times indemnify,d efend,a nd save the


 otherp artyh armlessf rom,a ny and all damages,l osses,c laims,i ncludingc
laims

 and actions relating to injury to or death of any person or damage to property,


 demand,s uits,r ecoveriesc, osts and expenses,c ourt costs,a ttorneyf ees, and
all

 other obligations by or to third parties, arising out of or resulting from the
other

 party'sa ctiono r inactionso f its obligationsu ndert his agreemenot n behalfo
f the

 indemnifyingp arty,e xcepti n cases of gross negligenceo r intentionawl
rongdoing

 by the indemnifiedp arty.

 Limitationo f LiabilityE. ach party'sl iabilityt o the other partyf or any
loss, cost,

 claim,i njury,l iabilityo, r expense,i ncludingr easonablea ttorney'sfe es,
relatingto

 or arisingf rom any act or omissioni n its performanceo f this agreements,
hallb e

 limitedt o the amounto f directd amagea ctuallyi ncurred.I n no events halle
ither

 partyb e liablet o the otherp artyf or any indirecti,n cidentals,p ecialc,
onsequential,

 or punitived amageso f any kindw hatsoever.

 TerminationT.h isa greemenmt ay be terminatedu ndert he followingc onditions:

 10)

 By interconnectiocnu stomer- The interconnectioncu stomerm ay terminate

 thisa pplicatioang reemenbt y providingw rittenn oticet o the EDC.

 By the EDC - The EDC may terminateth is agreemenitf the interconnection

 customerf ails to remedya violationo f terms of this agreementw ithin3 0

 calendard aysa ftern otice,o r sucho therd atea s may be mutuallya greedt o

 priort o the expirationo f the 30 calendard ay remedyp eriod.T he termination

 date can be no less than 30 calendar days after the interconnection

 customerr eceivesn oticeo f its violationf rom the EDC.

 Modificationo f Small GeneratorF acility.T he interconnectionc ustomer shall

 provide written notificationt o the EDC before making any modificationst o the

 smallg eneratorfa cility.T he EDC will determineif the modificationasr e minoro
r

 non- minor in nature.W rittena uthorizationfr om the EDC is requiredf or
non-minor

 changesi f the EDC determinesth at the interconnectiocnu stomer'sm odifications


 may have a significantim pacto n the safetyo r reliabilityo f the electricd
istribution

 system. lf the interconnectionc ustomer makes such modificationsw ithout the

 EDC's prior written authorizationth e EDC shall have the right to temporarily

 disconnectt he small generatorf acilityu ntil such time as the EDC reasonably

 concludest he modificationp oses no threatt o the safetvo r reliabilitvo f its
electric

 distributiosny stem.

 6)

 d)

 c )

 f)

 7)

 8)

 e)

 a)

 b)

 ffi DC Level1 InterconnectioAnp olication& Aqreement

 Page 7 FINAL May 20'14

 DocuSignE nvelopel D 0980c964-1 E 54 -43M -9843-48EE07489A02

 PermanenDt isconnectionIn. the eventt he agreemenits terminatedt,h e EDC shall

 have the rightt o disconnecitt s facilitieso r directt he customert o
disconnecitt s

 smallg eneratofra cility.

 Disputes. Each party agrees to attempt to resolve all disputes regarding the

 provisionso f thesei nterconnectiopnr oceduresp ursuantt o the disputer
esolution

 provisionso f the Districot f ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les

 GoverningL aw, RegulatoryA uthoritya, nd Rules.T he validity,i nterpretatioann
d

 enforcemenot f thisa greemenat nd eacho f its provisionss hallb e governedb y
the

 lawso f the Districot f ColumbiaN. othingi n thisa greemenits intendedto
affecta ny

 othera greemenbt etweent he EDC and the interconnectiocnu stomerH. owever,in

 the eventt hatt he provisionso f thisa greemenat re in conflicwt itht he
provisionso f

 the EDC'st ariff,t he EDCt ariffs hallc ontrol.

 SurvivalR ights.T his agreements hall continuei n effecta fter terminationto
the

 extent necessaryt o allow or requiree ither party to fulfill rightso r
obligationst hat

 arose under the agreement.

 Assignment/Transfeorf Ownershipo f the SmallG eneratorF acility:T his agreement


 shallt erminateu pon the transfero f ownershipo f the smallg eneratorfa cilityt
o a

 new owner unlesst he transferringo wner assignst he agreementt o the new owner

 and so notifiest he EDC in writingp riort o the transfero f electrics ervice.

 DefinitionsA.n y capitalizedte rm usedh ereina nd not defineds hallh avet he
same

 meaninga s the definedt erms used in the Districto f ColumbiaS mall Generator

 lnterconnectioRnu le

 Notice.U nlesso therwisep rovidedi n this agreementa, ny writtenn otice,d
emand,

 or requestr equiredo r authorizedi n connectionw ith this agreement( "Notice")s
hall

 be deemed properly given if delivered in person, delivered by recognized
national

 courier service, or sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, to the person
specified

 below:

 11)

 t z )

 t J )

 14)

 15)

 16)

 17)

 (lf to InterconnectioCnu stomer)

 Use the contact informationp rovidedi n the agreementf or the interconnectionc
ustomer.

 The interconnectiocnu stomeri s responsiblefo r notifyingt he EDC of any
changei n the

 contactp artyi nformationin, cludingc hangeo f ownership.

 (lf to EDC)

 Use the contact information provided on the EDC's web page for small generator

 interconnection.

 DC Level '1 Interconnection Aoolication & Aqreement

 Page B FINAL May 2014 'affi

 l*lc

 - t ;

 2l 6t; tr l i

 Fa-

 ]

 lli

 F

 IA

 u t

 d C ZE v c

 o -

 OE

 . &gt; F

 F :

 a !

 6 F EI 0 l * t

 oo

 J

 o3

 D

 eu

 r-1

 o

 t

 I

 q)

 f

 d

 t-l

 g

 Eg|

 0, uo

 I

 o

 q

 L

 T'I

 q&euro;s

 o

 ,s,

 6 (lu,

 o

 =

 th (.,u

 0

 c

 I

 cn

 o

 u

 n

 o

 o

 L

 n

 nN

 IJ

 -v

 Lo

 3

 g

 ('

 t-l

 h

 I

 o

 e,

 T-l

 oo

 N

 o

 uo

 N

 LL

 o.

 t-l

 F

 o

 l!

 r-l

 o

 -c

 c,

 tu

 lgu

 E

 o (.)

 Lo

 |o

 o

 lt,

 r-1

 q,

 o

 (J o

 q

 -g

 Eo

 r'1

 u

 F

 oo

 l

 7o

 N

 n

 r'1

 r.

 E

 E

 o

 c, e

 PLUMBING

 Permit #

 tr

 g

 o

 MECHANICAL

 Permit #

 tr

 r

 OJ

 ELECTRICAL

 Permit #

 tr

 E

 {|)

 CofO

 Inspections

 Permit #

 I

 U l v

 l l u

 tB l . \

 Fl*$ H i ! O ( \

 &lt;65V

 * r t i l E;;iH

 F? se

 * 4Eu

 Ef ;

 f;x

 c t .98

 fiR

 & r..r o o

 q Q

 T&lt;:F

 9rB

 E= | o - - ea

 E.;

 (oJ(s.fl

 - r t

 ( g =

 U l H

 o

 u(J

 q)

 o

 ul

 G g t EE J&lt;

 -at vo

 EE

 g l .98

 i j C . .9r

 6F

 tr . J g ,

 { - = od

 ET OU

 E , r

 Hf

 &gt;E

 OE et

 oco

 o

 E

 t- o(J (u

 d

 c

 o

 .lJu

 o

 o.

 ac

 t{

 o

 Hur

 IEo

 a

 5f

 a

 E

 z

 Fz

 E

 $ l n

 :li

 dE

 ili

 z

 ts

 F

 2

 E

 o

 (9

 zzoN

 lrl

 cU6

 d

 6q

 E

 c

 wd

 I

 g

 e

 @

 t

 I

 J

 !

 I:

 l

 cqqg

 a

 fri

 \ 1 si

 j

 P

 ?

 q c

 BE

 d o

 &gt; c

 &gt; o

 l- -:

 i L

 O J

 *E

 ; c oo

 l!

 n

 o

 o

 EJ

 .o &

 r-l

 oF

 a

 o

 |g

 6

 n

 o

 7

 P

 l.l.

 n

 =

 E

 vq,,

 uu

 I

 o

 o

 o

 cl

 N

 tl.

 lr.

 n

 h

 |t)

 J+

 =

 -o

 a0

 q,

 I

 U

 h

 F

 du

 o

 N

 rl

 tr

 g

 (u

 d

 BUILDING

 Permit #

 tr

 r

 1J

 cJ

 L

 o

 Permit #

 tr

 F

 g

 cl

 Permit #

 i:

 o

 tr

 a z

 !

 f

 6

 6qE

 tq,

 o

 :rt

 o

 d

 c,

 |E

 o

 6E

 o

 'I!ta,

 U\

 =

 F

 Lo

 Ol

 !t

 6

 E

 IE

 tr

 oz

 o

 c5

 tr

 IJ'

 uJ

 L

 !,

 o,

 o

 ,U

 L

 .g

 I

 +E

 o u

 c

 t!

 o,

 Eo (J

 a;

 o z

 tu

 tt

 n

 oz

 n

 a

 t!

 C

 oeEo

 (J

 -9

 o

 q

 t

 It

 F

 E

 j ! 6 N

 i i ;

 - &gt; l

 . N - ' ,

 ? &lt;

 e

 -E&lt;

 = &gt; E

 "+

 -

 z

 uJ

 (9

 uJ

 J

 d q 3;3 - o

 Ea ? P &euro; , = o ' p

 13 : . ; 1 d 3l * i

 o ^

 - = , = 7 2 &gt; i =

 *+=E : ; ;=E == ==F A: i=&i Z= - " , = &gt; !

 X.=Ei2 ! V;( -u !{?:=q

 F =-- Z Z 6 =. F - ' : 3 ' - * . 2 6 ,

 zF=gA E a = -."e;;-FFs

 E==:; = i E E=sF?F=

 o

 @@ffiW@@@O r . - . !

 -@

 =l;.il

 H=l*il

 il 8:

 E |*:i

 8';gi ';ii'| :;

 o

 o

 N

 L

 -

 F5

 o

 Jo

 I

 z

 L

 2{ U P - a

 a

 U&gt;

 OaL 2

 ;= 1

 ; Y N

 i-se ! +

 l i l - Hr

 N

 O

 _ o

 - . \

 &lt; " ' X s 1

 &gt; 6 : @

 i - : ^ O

 : ; - =

 E E ^ , r a )

 isEs 5

 OO

 c\

 @

 t--

 OO

 c\

 I

 -C-O)

 T

 * 2 @

 c

 c

 c

 o

 c

 I

 c

 i=I -

 I

 I {

 I

 q.

 I

 c=c

 I

 a

 i &lt;

 "i - *

 = + = 6 L - . F!E:E eF

 ee#E: =u

 FiEEB: : =sr# F : : t

 :i=Ei =;

 EEEg;Eg

 E*

 e z

 = C

 - o

 -=d

 ==

 dtr

 z

 )

 )i

 o

 J)

 f )

 rt

 {I

 N ;

 I

 a , h

 I

 c d

 ^u9

 &gt; O fr= 6 &lt;

 - &gt; o

 n=oE =i

 -- *

 rt

 u

 g

 Jo

 zo

 F

 LU

 z

 =F

 o

 c

 r

 z=

 c

 l t

 Ir

 6 6

 9 B

 A E

 ; ;

 T I

 E t

 3 i b

 - =)

 5 * =

 e e E

 T7dn

 /- \

 (J

 o PU

 l-

 -go (,/)

 :.'a'-

 lii1

 si3 E

 ! si9

 Ssei

 e j i 5

 H 6 3 F

 8 J -e

 E 4

 E @

 c- 6t - x = ; =

 &euro;"&gt;&euro; * c

 :9 d *^^=

 | &gt; 9

 5

 N

 5 6

 a

 n

 @

 : L

 tt

 O

 O

 _ o

 N

 &lt;OH R

 = - - 6

 a a ; @

 t i : N i : N i5E= E

 x=

 Y!

 z

 j

 &lt;=

 t +

 e o

 j F

 &gt;E

 :Q- e

 I

 J

 11 -

 '=in5

 j g f g

 ====

 9 e E 1

 8 8 9 9

 :1:: ::::

 U I [24ru

 @

 U

 =^

 g 6

 i c

 Ee =J ilsEs

 9C.bE

 +!:i T E D

 a6 io a3

 l l

 -l

 6

 : b

 5i:

 ? R O

 trc *

 3 - . 5

 I

 . l

 ; E t ! 1 t = t 1

 !:

 2

 I

 !z!

 I

 I

 nz

 z

 t

 f

 OO

 c\

 co --

 OO

 C\

 I

 -C)O

 F

 I

 :

 3 :

 = 6

 o

 o

 E

 o:

 o

 I

 a T

 l ^

 l @

 i -

 I

 I=I

 I

 o-o

 I

 I

 L

 : &lt;

 3 ! :

 z z i

 P! +

 n)

 n

 lz

 f, )

 tt

 a

 E -

 o a

 o :

 ; =

 6 E

 *:i;e5r

 c;a=ri.fr

 Fu f t 8s =E = r I d E i h

 ii=Fi :;

 E==s;Ei

 + z

 " o

 i t

 = Q

 i =

 Jfr

 InitiaFl ile# : L00005120382

 GOVERNMENT OF THE DTSTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 DEPARTMENTO F CONSUMERA ND REGULATORYA FFAIRS

 CORPORATIONDSI VISION

 CERTIFICATE

 THIS IS TO CERTIFY that all applicablep rovisionso f the District of ColumbiaB
usiness

 OrganizationCs ode( Title 29) haveb eenc ompliedw ith anda ccordinglyt,h is
CERTIFICATE OF

 GOOD STANDING is hereby issued to

 SOLAR INTEGRATED FTIND III, LLC

 WE FURTHER CERTIFY that the qualified foreign entity is registeredt o do
businessin

 the District; thata ll fees,a ndp enaltieso wedt o the District for entity
filings collectedt hrought he

 Mayor haveb eenp aid andP aymenti s reflectedi n the recordso f the Mayor; The
entity'sm ost

 recentb iennialr eportr equiredb y $ 29-102.11h asb eend eliveredf or filing to
the Mayor; andt he

 entity'sr egistrationh asn ot beent erminatedT, his offrced oesn ot havea ny
informationa boutt he

 entity'sb usinessp racticesa nd financials tandinga ndt his certificates halln
ot be construeda st he

 entity's endorsement.

 IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF I haveh ereuntos etm v handa nd causedth e sealo f this
office to

 be affixed as of 3/l 1/2015 1:46 PM

 Businessa ndP rofessionaLl icensineA dministration

 heW PATRICIA E. GRAYS

 Superintendeonft Corporations

 CorporationDs ivision

 Muriel Bowser

 Mayor

 Tracking #: Ssa49tvM

 Initial File #: L00005120382

 GOVERNMENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 DEPAR.TMENTO F CONSUMERA ND REGULATORYA FFAIRS

 CORPORATIONDSI VISTON

 CERTIFICATE

 THIS IS TO CBRTIFY that all applicable provisions of the District of Columbia
Business

 OrganizationsC ode haveb eenc omplied with and accordingly,thisC ERTIFICATE OF

 REGISTRATION is hereby issued to:

 I

 SOLAR INTEGRATED FUND III. LLC

 I

 Effective Datez3 i iI0/2O15

 I

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of this
office to be

 affixed as of 3110/20154 :09 PM

 Businessa nd ProfessionaLl icensineA dministration h&euro;W PATRICIA E. GRAYS

 Superintendenotf Corporations

 CorporationsD ivision

 Muriel Bowser

 Mayor

 Tracking #: Vc9OQctr

 DCR0Ao rpD. iv.

 DEPARTMENOTF C ONSUME&R R EGULATORAYF FAIRS

 Districto f GolumbiaG overnment

 IYAiR 0 2015

 Foreign Registration Statement Form FN-1,V ersion1 , January2 012.

 thisf ormt o registeyr ourf oreignf ilinge ntityt o conductb usinessin the
Districot f ColumbiaR, eviewin structiosnh eetb eforec ompleting

 Refert o CorporateF eeS chedulep ostedo nline

 SolarI ntegratedF undI II, LLC

 Limited Liabiliry Company

 . Entity'sA lternateN ame( ift ruel egaln amei s nota vailable)

 anized under the laws of which state or country. Date of Organization.

 Datee ntitys tartedo r wills tartt ransactinbgu sinessin the Districot f
Columbia.

 5 ClearviewW ay, SanM ateo,C A94402

 RegistereAd gent'sn amea nda ddresso f registeredo fficei n Districot f
Columbia.

 C T CorporatioSny steml,0 l5 l5th StreetN, .W.,S uite1 000,W ashingtonD,. C.2
0005

 . Brieflyd escribeth e proposeda ctivityc ompanyw illt ransacitn the Districot
f Columbia,

 Solars ystemin stallations,e lling,l easinga ndf inancing

 10.L istt hen ameo f at leasto ne

 3055C learviewW ay,S anM ateoC, A 94402

 11.A ttacha n originaCl ertificatoef GoodS tanding(C ertificatoef Existencef)r
omR egistratioAnu thorityin the

 2. Nameo f theG ovemoor rA uthorizePde rson: of the Governoor r AuthorizedP
erson& Date.

 CorporatOe nlineS erviceIsn formation:

 Manyc orporatfeil ingsa rea vailablbey u singC orpOnlinSee rvice.

 Got o CorpOnlinseit ea t https:l/corp.dcra.dc.gcorev,a tea profilea,c cess

 theo nlines ervicems ainp agea ndp roceedO. nlinefi lersm ustp ayb yu sing

 a creditc ard.

 Pleasec heckd cra.dc.gotov viewo rganizationresq uiretdo registert,o searchb
usinesns amest,o gets tep-by-stegpu idelinetso registear n

 organizationto, searchr egisteredo rganizationsa,n dt o downloadfo rmsa ndd
ocumentsJ.u stc licko n "CorporateR egistration."

 DC0l0 - 04/20/2012W oltcml (luwer Onlinc

 Defnwsre

 'tnt 'Jffst Jtate

 rt ,JEFFXSY W_ BULLOCK, SECKETARy OF STATE

 I

 DELAWARE, DQ EEKEBY CERTIFY "'QLAR INTEGF"ATED

 I

 DULY FORMED UNDER THE LA'IS OF TEE STATE OF DELAWEXA AJVD TS TN

 GOOD .9TAAIDTNGI AND I{AS A LEGAL EXTSTENCE 50 tTrR AS THE R-SCORD.5 Or

 I

 I

 THIS OFFTCE SHOWT AS OE TEE NINTE DAy OF I.IARCE, A_D. 2415-

 III

 AND I DO IIEREBY E'ARTEER CERTIFY THAT TTIE AIiTNUAL TaJ{ES HAVE

 NOT BEEN A5.'E55ED TO DATE.

 D0RAC orpD. iv.

 tvlAiR 0 2015

 nLEcoPY-#2-

 -

 5653481 8300

 7503s0392

 PAGE

 OF TEE STATE OF

 FVND III, LLC" J5

 Jeffrey W Bullock, Secretary ofstate

 IoN: 2780743

 DATE:03-09-75

 You Mv verifv this certj.ficaLe onLine

 at corp. deJawrare. gow/authyer. sfitnJ

 ,

 l



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

