

Deborah English Kindergarten and International Play Schools

Hung Hom: G/F Site 9 Shop G5 + G5B, Whampoa Garden

Tel 2994 8998, Fax 2994 8812

Tseung Kwan O: Kindergarten Tower, Beverly Garden, and Kindergarten Tower,
Bauhinia Garden

Tel 2217 7933/3403 4393

deborahi@netvigator.com

www.deborah-intl.edu.hk

Schools offer preschool and play school facilities for children between 2 and 6
years of age. International and bilingual and Japanese streams are available.
Facilities at the three campuses include libraries, indoor and outdoor play
areas, computer corners, music rooms and art centres. School bus services are
available.

All-round development using a theme-based approach with learning based on
personal experience. Syllabus incorporates science, maths, physical movement,
music and art. Extra-curricular activities include ballet, cooking, phonics,
mental arithmetic and road safety.

Hung Hom: $46,800 to $61,200 (full day) $33,000 to $46,200  (half day)

Tseung Kwan O: International (full day) $52,800 (half day) $39,600

ESF International Kindergartens

Sheung Wan: 1/F Tung Fai Gardens, 17 Po Yan St, Sheung Wan

Tel 2540 0066, Fax 2517 0923

swkinder@esf.org.hk

Tsing Yi: Maritime Square, 33 Tsing King Rd, Tsing Yi

Tel 2436 3355, Fax 2436 3105

tykinder@esf.org.hk

Clearwater Bay: (ESF Abacus International Kindergarten): Lot 954 DD, 243 Mang
Kung Uk Village Rd, Clearwater Bay

Tel 2719 5712, Fax 2719 6690

abkinder@esf.org.hk

kindergartens.esf.org.hk

ESF Educational Services runs three kindergartens for children from 3-5 years.
All have a multinational intake with indoor play areas and offer two sessions a
day. Resources include art materials, games, physical play equipment, role-play
props, sand and water area and a library. Regular excursions are arranged. Most
students move on to ESF primaries, but all must apply for an interview. ESF
Sheung Wan takes 180 children in a commercial and residential complex with no
outdoor play area. ESF Tsing Yi opened later in 1999 in a shopping mall and now
caters for around 350 children. Outdoor play is available. Abacus, set in a
rural environment, has a large outdoor area for 180 students. All teachers are
qualified with a ratio of seven adults to each child.

All three kindergartens use the curriculum underpinned by UK Early Years
Foundation Stage, covering areas like language and literacy, mathematical,
personal and social, creative and physical development, with an inquiry and
play-based approach. Introduction to Putonghua. There is no homework.

$51,000

International Montessori School

Ap Lei Chau: G/F, Blocks 23 to 23A South Horizons, Phase III, Ap Lei Chau

Tel 2861 0339

Wanchai: 4/F, 6 Salvation Army St, Morrison Hill, Wanchai

Tel 2156-9033

info@montessori.edu.hk

www.montessori.edu.hk

Founded: 2002

Pre-primary classes are located in a purpose designed kindergarten facility, and
comprised of well-equipped classrooms, library, kitchen, and indoor and outdoor
play areas. Pre-primary through Primary classes are located in a former school
building where students have outdoor basketball court, playground, a rooftop
garden and fully equipped classrooms, Library and specialty rooms. Students from
25 countries are taught in multi-age classrooms. Working with Association
Montessori Internationale on accreditation.

Gives students structures to categorise knowledge, keys to discover and
encourage life-long learning, along with the life skills needed to adapt to
change. Subjects are explored experientially, using sensorial learning materials
that make concepts concrete for more fundamental understanding. English and
Putonghua bilingual dual language environment, with English and Chinese teachers
in each class. Kindergarten: $70,000

Reception (extended day): $92,000

Debenture: $50,000 (personal) and $200,000 (corporate)

HK (Ascot) Preschool & Playschool

Sha Tin: G/F, 1 Tsun King Rd, Royal Ascort, Sha Tin

Tel 2333 2939, Fax 2634 9831

Kowloon Tong: 19 Cumberland Rd

Tel 2338 6336, Fax 2337 1228

info@hkpreschool.edu.hk

www.hkpreschool.edu.hk

Purpose-built nursery and Preschool for children from 2-6 years. Students are
mainly from Hong Kong. Facilities include a multi-purpose court, large
playground, pantry for cooking activities, drawing and painting area. Playgroup
also available. There is a sister school in Kowloon Tong that comes with an open
play area. Maximum class size: 30.

Child-centred approach and a curriculum that utilises multiple intelligence
theory. Hands-on activities. Computer studies integrated into the curriculum.
Offers two half-day sessions: am/pm.Sha Tin: $29,950-$33,000

Kowloon Tong: $33,000 -$36,000 Learning Habitat Kindergarten

Tsing Yi: Level 1, Commercial Building, Villa Esplanada, Tsing Yi, New
Territories

Tel 2501 5500, Fax 2501 5868

Hung Hom: UG45C, Fisherman's Wharf, 8 Laguna Verde Avenue, Hung Hom, Kowloon

Tel 2363 1500, Fax 2363 2010

Tai Kok Tsui: Shop No. 2, 5/F, Hampton Loft, 11 Hoi Fan Rd, Tai Kok Tsui,
Kowloon

Tel 2501 5105, Fax 2700 4663

contact@learninghabitat.org

www.learninghabitat.org

Pre-nursery and kindergarten classes for children from 2-6 years. Seeks to
instil self-confidence, love of learning, respect of self and others and develop
effective communication skills in English and Chinese. Maximum class size 30,
with at least two class teachers.

Two bilingual immersion programmes: English-Putonghua and English-Cantonese with
one native-speaking English teacher and one Chinese native-speaking teacher in
each class. Themes and projects are used as part of a child-centred approach.
Parent-child reading scheme. Letterland phonics.

$38,400-$44,000.

Full day available in Hung Hom campus: $67,200-$70,800

Parkview International Preschool

Hong Kong Parkview: Tower 17-18, 88 Tai Tam Reservoir Rd

Tel 2812 6023, Fax 2812 2938

pipsinfo@pips.edu.hk

Rhine Garden: Tower 1, 1/F, and Tower 5, P2, Rhine Garden, 38 Castle Peak Rd,
Sham Tseng, New Territories

Tel 2491 1082, Fax 2496 0523

pips_rg@pips.edu.hk

PIPS (Kowloon): Podium Level, Kowloon Station, 1 Austin Rd, Kowloon West

Tel 2812 6801 Fax 2812 6201

www.pips.edu.hk

For children from 1-6 years. This preschool located in the Parkview residential
complex has a student population comprising more than 20 different
nationalities, with spacious classrooms, a large playground, mirrored music
room, kitchen and computer lab. It runs the IB PYP. Rhine Garden and Kowloon
Station have local and international classes with facilities that include
computer and music rooms, library, kitchen, indoor and outdoor play areas.
Playgroup classes are available.

Activity approach uses the philosophy of the IB PYP, with Putonghua as a second
language. Bilingual and trilingual programmes are available. The schools
encourage independent learning and co-operative play and focus on early literacy
skills, Jolly Phonics, maths, computer studies and PE. There are
extra-curricular activities.

Parkview: Pre-nursery: $71,450 (half day) $114,320 (full day)

Nursery & kindergarten: $77,800 (half day) $124,480 (full day)

Rhine Garden: Internation pre-nursery: $46,530 (am)

Local pre-nursery: $32,940 (am) $29,200 (pm)

International kindergarten: $45,650 (am)

Local kindergarten: (can enjoy PEVS) $24,000 (am/pm) $45,000 (full day)

Pips (Kowloon):

Pre-nursery: $77,000 (international) $46,200 (trilingual)

Nursery: $82,500 (international) $46,200 (trilingual)

Kindergarten: $82,500 (international) $48,400 (trilingual)

Rightmind Kindergarten and Rightmind International Nursery

Ap Lei Chau: UG Floor, Block 27, South Horizons

Tel 2875 0452, Fax 2875 0454

rightmindkg@kinderu.org

www.rmkg.org

Teaches children from 2-6 years. Emphasis on right brain development. Parental
involvement encouraged. Facilities include Doman exercise corner, reading
corner, library, and Jelic corner for Montessori life-skills training.

Follows the philosophy of Dr Glenn Doman, founder of the Institutes for the
Development of Human Potential in the US. Advanced maths and music programme.
Medium of instruction: English with Chinese classes taught in Putonghua. French
and Spanish programme also available.

$49,500

Sunshine House International Preschools

Chi Fu: Block H1, Chi Fu Fa Yuen, Pok Fu Lam

Tel 2551 3781Fax: 2551 3782

chifu@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Discovery Bay: Shop 137-8, 1/F D.B. Plaza, Discovery Bay, Lantau Island

Tel 2987 8143, Fax 2987 2959

dbay@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Tai Tam: 1/F Redhill Plaza

Tel 2813 0713, Fax 2813 0738

taitam@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Tung Chung: 2 Mei Tung St

Tel 2109 3873, Fax 2109 2875

tungchung@sunshinehouse.com.hk

The Peak: Level 3, Peak Galleria

Tel 2849 7123, Fax 2849 2723

peak@sunshinehouse.com.hk

Pokfulam: Pokfulam Gdns, 180 Pokfulam Rd

Tel 2551 3213, Fax 2551 3673

pokfulam@sunshinehouse.com.hk

www.sunshinehouse.com.hk

The Sunshine House group established its first kindergarten in Discovery Bay in
1990 and now includes six kindergartens, the latest at Chi Fu. Many different
nationalities attend. Each class is taught by two teachers. Maximum class size
is 18-25 at Tai Tam, The Peak, Pok Fu Lam and Chi Fu. In Discovery Bay it is
25-30 and 15-20 in Tung Chung. Full-day sessions available at all campuses.

Play-based thematic approach. Letterland, Jolly phonics, Oxford Reading Tree.
Recognises individual potential and developmental needs. Playgroups are also
available. Daily Putonghua classes and bilingual classes on some campuses.

Discovery Bay: $47,300

Tai Tam: $71,500

Tung Chung: $44,000

The Peak: $74,800

Pokfulam and Chi Fu: $59,400

Think International Kindergarten/Nursery

Lam Tin: G/F, Phase 3, Laguna City, 99 Cha Kwo Ling Rd, Kowloon

Tel 2727 4747, Fax 2727 2613

thinkkg_lc@think.edu.hk

Kowloon Tong: 117 Boundary St

Tel 2338 3949 Fax 2338 3153

think_tis@think.edu.hk

Ma On Shan: Level 2, Sunshine Bazaar, 628 Sai Sha Rd

Tel 2633 7800 Fax 2633 7787

thinkkg_mos@think.edu.hk

Mei Foo: The Podium, Nob Hill, 8 King Lai Path

Tel 2727 7585, Fax 3157 1180

thinkkg_mf@think.edu.hk www.think.edu.hk

Preschool group for children from 2-6 years. Caters for multinational student
population. Teachers from a range of countries. Think International School
offers primary and middle school classes (see international primary school
listings). Maximum class size is 24.

Theme-based activity approach where children learn through play, reinforced by
projects and field trips.Lam Tin: $35,200; $59,400 (full day)

Kowloon Tong: $40,000; $63,000 (full day)

Ma On Shan and Mei Foo: $35,200; $59,400 (full day)

Tutor Time International Nursery and Kindergarten

Tai Tam: 101 1/F Red Hill Plaza, 3 Red Hill Rd, Tai Tam

Tel 2813 2008

Kowloon Tong: 1 Dorset Crescent, Kwoloon Tong.

Tel 2337 0822

Tutor Time WOW: 9 Suffolk Rd, Kowloon Tong.

Tel 2529 1188

Braemer Hill: LG/F Braemar Hill Shopping Centre, 45 Braemar Hill Rd, North
Point. Tel 2529 1833. info@tutortime.com.hk www.tutortime.com.hk

Part of global organisation US Tutor Time, set up in 1980 and established in
Hong Kong in 2000. Bilingual preschool for children up to 6 years. Multinational
mix. Tai Tam campus over 19,800 sq ft with a large roof-top playground. Kowloon
Tong campuses are 12,000 sq ft, also with a big playground. New campus at
Braemar Hill. Many children go on to international schools. Video cameras in
each class for parents to watch their children. Maximum class size: nursery
13-20 (two teachers, one assistant); kindergarten maximum 24 (three teachers).
WOW for children aged 6 months-3 years.

Follows the Tutor Time LifeSmart curriculum. Whole-child development with
emphasis on literacy and maths and bilingualism with classes taught 50 per cent
in English and 50 per cent in Putonghua. Fitness for life programme focuses on
nutrition, music and movement. Computer access. Extra-curricular activities
include Tumbling Time, violin and piano lessons.

Redhill nursery (2-3 years): $78,100. K1-3: $74,800

Kowloon Tong Dorset nursery: $81,600. K1-3: $78,000

WOW nursery: $81,600

Braemar Hill nursey: $80,850

Victoria Educational Organisation

Kornhill Nursery & Kindergarten: 18 Hong On St, Kornhill

Tel 2885 1888, Fax 2560 9353 mkvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Kornhill International: 2-8 Hong On St, Kornhill Tel 2885 3331, Fax 2567 2359
lkvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Causeway Bay International: 32 Hing Fat St, Causeway Bay

Tel 2578 9998, Fax 2887 9680 cbvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

North Point Nursery: 5 Fook Yum Rd, Ko Fung Court, Harbour Heights, North Point

Tel 2571 7888, Fax 2510 8421 hhvnoff2@victoria.edu.hk

Victoria South Horizons: Phase II, Podium Level, South Horizons

Tel 2580 8633, Fax 2580 8699 shvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Victoria (Belcher) Kindergarten IB World School:  Level 3, The Westwood, 8
Belcher's St, Hong Kong

Tel 2542 7001, Fax 2542 7006

bgvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Victoria (Ho Man Tin) International Nursery: 1/F, Carmel-on-the Hill, 9 Carmel
Village St, Ho Man Tin

Tel 2762 9130, Fax 2762 9120

hmtoffc@victoria.edu.hk

www.victoria.edu.hk

Victoria (Harbour Green) International Nursery and Kindergarten:  G/F, Harbour
Green, 8 Sham Mong Rd, Kowloon

Tel 2885 1928 Fax 3516 1313

hgvkoffc@victoria.edu.hk

Since 1965, Victoria Educational Organisation has been providing early childhood
education which aims at meeting the highest education standards. Victoria
(Belcher) kindergarten and Victoria Shanghai Academy (affiliated primary and
secondary schools) are authorised IB World Schools providing IB education (PYP
to DP) for students from 3 to 18 years of age.

Victoria Education Organisation implements a bilingual co-class teaching
approach, and through a total immersion programme with trilingual learning
environment and activities, children's biliteracy and trilingual abilities are
strengthened. In addition, teaching is carried out in small groups with an aim
to cater for individual abilities as well as to provide inquiry-based learning
for children to develop into caring lifelong learners with a global vision.

Middle Kornhill: $42,625-$50,784 (half day) $63,536-$66,264 (full day)

Lower Kornhill: $43,846-$50,784 (half day) $65,967 (full day)

Causeway Bay: $43,340 - $51,744 (half day) $64,955 (full day)

North Point: $45,595-$54,912 (half day) $63,558 (full day)

South Horizons: $46,277-$53,628 (half day)$65,010 (full day)

Belcher: $49,863-$53,868 (half day) $68,750 (full day)

Ho Man Tin: $42,218-$54,912 (half day) $62,161 (full day)

Harbour Green: $50,376 (half day)

Woodland Preschools (Montessori)

Mid-Levels: G/F Kam Kin Mansion, 119 Caine Rd

Tel 2549 1211, Fax 2549 1447

montessoricr@woodlandschools.com

Repulse Bay: G/F, The Repulse Bay

Tel 2803 1885, Fax 2803 1890

montessorirb@woodlandschools.com

Tai Tam: G/F, Red Hill Plaza, 3 Red Hill Rd

Tel 2525 1655, Fax 2525 1658

montessoritt@woodlandschools.com

www.woodlandschools.com

The Woodland Group of preschools was established in 1978, catering for children
from 18 months to 6 years with schools open all year. There is a multinational
intake with many students going on to ESF and international schools. All
campuses have computer resources, library and indoor play areas. Playgroups also
available. There is a bus service available. There is a low teacher-student
ratio and playgroups and Stepping Stone classes are available for children aged
from 18 months to 2 years and 8 months. Accredited by Montessori Centre
International, London.

These Woodland preschools follow the Montessori approach. Children of mixed ages
use special Montessori equipment in a self-directed learning environment.
Respect for others and the environment around them are central. There is a dual
language programme with two teachers in each class, one English-speaking, one
Putonghua. There is a range of extra-curricular activities.

Mid-Levels: $82,800

Repulse Bay: $85,200

Tai Tam: $82,800

Woodland Preschools (Traditional)

Happy Valley: 2 Hawthorn Rd

Tel 2575 0042, Fax 2591 0089

happyvalley@woodlandschools.com

Pok Fu Lam: G/F Commercial

Complex Wah Fu (II), Wah Fu Rd

Tel 2551 7177, Fax 2580 2008

pokfulam@woodlandschools.com

Pok Fu Lam (Panda): H2-G/F, Chi Fu Fa Yuen, Pok Fu Lam.

Tel 2551 7128 Fax 2551 7500

The Peak: 81 Peak Rd, The Peak

Tel 2849 6192, Fax 2849 8007

peak@woodlandschools.com

Repulse Bay: 2/F 35 Beach Rd. Tel 2812 0274, Fax 2592 4077

beachside@woodlandschools.com

The Peak: 81 Peak Rd, The Peak

Tel 2849 6192, Fax 2849 8007

peak@woodlandschools.com

Aberdeen: G/F 3 Aberdeen Praya Rd. Tel 2559 1377 Fax 2559 1511

whs@woodlandschools.com

www.woodlandschools.com

Woodland Traditional Preschools are for children aged 18 months to six years,
open 12 months of the year. Woodland has a wide range of nationalities
represented in the student body with children moving on to international
schools. There are classes for younger children. Parent participation is
encouraged. with low teacher-pupil ratio. The Wan Chai branch also runs primary
classes. Bus service available. Accredited by The Preschool Learning Alliance,
London.

Traditional' Woodland schools follow the Foundation Stage of the National
Curriculum of England and Wales, using group-based learning as well as
whole-class, structured and active teaching. Schools celebrate festivals from
different cultures, reflecting their multinational intake. There are Putonghua
sessions. Bilingual classes are available at the Pokfulam site. Bus service
available.

Happy Valley: $74,400

Pok Fu Lam: $76,800

Pok Fu Lam (Panda): $76,800

The Peak: $86,400

Repulse Bay: $85,200

Aberdeen: $76,800

All per annum

HONG KONG ISLAND

Alison's Letterland Child Care Centre/International Kindergarten

Causeway Bay

2C Marco Polo Mansions, 10 Cleveland St, Causeway Bay

Tel 2504 1978, Fax 2577 4836

info@letter-land.com

www.letter-land.com

Caters for children from 2-6 years, with free one trial class available. Teacher
pupil ratio of 1: 8 (2-3 years); 1: 8 (3-4 years); 1: 14 (4-6 years).

Curriculum based on the UK's Foundation Stage and Key Stage One encouraging
all-round development.

$40,000

Bambino English Playschool

Causeway Bay

Causeway Tower, 4/F, Flat F, 16-22 Causeway Rd, Causeway Bay

Tel 2576 5269, Fax 2806 8474 kgntan@netvigator.com

founded 1978

Long-established, privately operated kindergarten. Classes for nursery for 2 to
3 years, K1-K3 and P1 if children cannot get entry to a P1 class. Multinational
intake. Buses available for some areas. Maximum class size: 10 for ages 4 and
up, and teacher-student ratio of 2: 10 for younger ages.

Reading, writing, maths and simple science classes in a structured programme.
Collage and painting also provided. Sewing classes for students 5 years and
over.

$28,800 am session

$22,800 pm session

Carmel School Nursery and Preschool

Mid-Levels

1 Robinson Place, 70 Robinson Rd, Mid-Levels

Tel 2249 7600, Fax 2249 7690

admin@carmel.edu.hk

www.carmel.edu.hk

Founded 1991

Nursery classes (for 3-4 years) and pre-kindergarten (4-5 years). Located at the
Jewish Community Centre. School day runs until 1pm, with an extended day
programme available until 3pm. Teacher pupil ratio of 1:15. Classrooms
gymnasium, outdoor play area and indoor swimming pool. School bus services
available. Primary education at Carmel School, Borrett Rd, Mid-Levels (see
international primary listings). Secondary education at Carmel High School, 460
Shau Kei Wan Road (see international secondary listings).

North American curriculum. School outings arranged. Choice of activities during
extended day programme such as ballet, yoga, drama, Jewish enrichment programme,
Judo and Putonghua.

$62,800

Casa Dei Bambini

Sheung Wan

Shop 2 G/F, Shop 3 LG1/F Grand Scholar, 419K Queen's Rd West

Tel 2259 3372,

Fax 2259 3272

joanna@casadeibambini.com.hk

www.casadeibambini.com.hk

Opened on Queen's Road West in January 2007. Montessori preschool situated in a
two-storey, light-filled, purpose-built space. Features two learning
environments, an infant community for children from walking until two-and-half
years and a casa for children up to six. It has fully-functional child-size
kitchen, an outdoor and indoor play area and a library. A third environment,
nido, for babies from birth to walking will be coming soon.

School is owned and run by a trained Montessori teacher with more than 20 years
of Montessori teaching experience, and all the teachers are AMI trained and
speak either English or Putonghua.

Fees range from 32,000 to 100,000 per annum.

City Kids (HKPPA)

Mid-Levels2/F East Wing, 12 Borrett Rd, Mid-Levels

Tel 5193 2044

officemanager@citykidshkppa.org

www.citykidshkppa.org

City Kids HKPPA preschool offers two programmes for Mid-levels families seeking
western-style preschool education. One is preschool for children aged 2.9 to 6
years old, the other a playgroup where children are accompanied by an adult.

Curriculum based on New Zealand Early Childhood Curriculum. Children attend
preschool five mornings a week without parents and are taught by qualified
kindergarten teachers, with one teacher to a maximum of 12 children in a
classroom.

Preschool: $36,000 per annum plus $2,000 building levy.

Playgroup: Approx $1,200 per term, depending on length of term.

Highgate House School

The Peak

International Steiner Waldorf Preschool 100 Peak Rd, The Peak

Tel 2849 6336, Fax 2849 6332

info@highgatehouse.edu.hk

www.highgatehouse.edu.hk

The first Steiner Waldorf kindergarten in Hong Kong catering for children from
walking age to 6 years. Many different nationalities. Large outdoor garden
includes a sand pit and a pets' corner. Purpose-built kitchens. Teacher pupil
ratio of 1: 8 at kindergarten level and 1: 6 at nursery level. Caters for
special needs. Accredited by the International Kindergarten Association.

Artistic and practical activities develop early learning skills. Creative and
imaginative activities include art, movement, storytelling, music and the
celebration of seasonal festivals. Preparation for primary includes phonics and
number work. Putonghua parent/carer and child class available for children aged
18 months to 3 years. Putonghua is also taught in classes and through the
optional extended day class.

$77,000

Montessori for Children

Stanley

House A, Phoenix Garden, Tai Tam Village, Stanley

Tel 2813 9589, Fax 2813 2582

hongkong@montessori.edu.sg

www.montessori.edu.sg

Well-established Montessori preschool now in its 23rd year. Caters for children
from 2 years 6 months to 6 years. Mixed age and ability classes. Teachers are
diploma-holders from the Association Montessori Internationale which is
recognised worldwide. Maximum class size: 26.

Montessori curriculum which encourages self-directed learning, the development
of concentration, and respect for others. Extended day for Putonghua.

$67,880

Small World Christian Kindergarten

Mid-Levels

10 Borrett Rd, Mid-Levels

Tel 2525 0922, Fax 2530 5448

smallworld@swck.edu.hk

www.swck.edu.hk

Caters for children from 2 years and 10 months-6 years. Located in the former
Military Hospital with green environment and outdoor play area. More than 24
nationalities attend. Parenting courses and dads' evening. A number of special
needs children are integrated into classes. Maximum class size: 20-22 with 2
teachers.

Blend of Montessori materials and contemporary teaching practices. Sensorial
approach to learning, with biblical foundations. Includes problem-solving and
thinking skills, language, numbers, Creation and the Bible, PE, art and music
and dance. Field trips each term. Putonghua transition times.

$42,950

Southside Kindergarten

Repulse Bay

G-203, 1/F, The Repulse Bay, 109 Repulse Bay Rd

Tel 2592 7527, Fax 2592 8249

sskindy@netvigator.com

www.educate.com/programs/1.html and www.educate.com/programs/8.html

Preschool for children from 2 years 8 months to 6 years. 1:6 (3-year-olds) and
1:9 ( 4 to 6-year-olds) teacher to student ratio. Extended day class for rising
4 and up. Progress tracked with Sylvan's daignostic assessment.

Learning through play based on the National Curriculum of England and Wales
Foundation Stage. Children are encouraged to become independent learners and
gain prerequisite skills to ensure a smooth transition to primary school.

$71,000 (am session)

$91,000 (extended day)

St Teresa's Kindergarten

Stanley

1 Tung Tau Wan Rd, Stanley

Tel 2813 8567, Fax 2899 0272

sttkg98@biznetvigator.com

www.teresakinder.com

English-medium international kindergarten under the Catholic diocese. Founded in
1998. Half-day session (K1 class) and full-day session (K2 class) available
Thematic approach, activity-based learning, good Putonghua programme, regular
school outings. Teacher pupil ratio: 2:20 per class.

Developmentally appropriate teaching practices and activities which encourage
children to wonder, think, feel and imagine. Children work in small, large
groups as well as individually.

$40,436

Starters School

Wan Chai

1B, 2C, 12-22 Queen's Rd East, Wanchai

Tel 2527 8676, Fax 2529 9930

starters_school@yahoo.com

www.starters.edu.hk

Starters School caters for children from 2 years 8 months to  5 years providing
lower and upper kindergarten and a full-day P1 class. Classes have a teacher and
two assistants. Multinational student body. Outdoor playground. Average class
size: 25, but can be 30.

British-based curriculum using themes and a learning through play approach.
Includes reading, painting, outings, and music. Extra Putonghua and phonics
available.

Lower K: $27,500

Upper K: $30,250

P1: $42,460

Wembley International Kindergarten

Quarry Bay

2/F Tang Kung Mansion, 31 Taikoo Shing Rd, Taikoo Shing

Tel 2567 5454, Fax 2884 9098

wik@pacific.net.hk

www.kindergartenhongkong.blogspot.com

Non-profit-making, English-medium private kindergarten for children aged from
approximately 2-6 years, established in 1984. Multinational intake. Children go
on to ESF schools or international schools. Both indoor and outdoor play areas
available. Animal interaction with pat-a-pet programme. Teacher pupil ratio of
1: 7 at nursery level and 1: 12 at kindergarten.

Phonics, maths, creative writing, art, music and drama. Option of learning
Cantonese and/or Putonghua. Extra-curricular activities.

Toddlers: $150 per session to $37,840 for full year

Kindergarten: $37,840 inclusive

KOWLOON

Anfield International Kindergarten

Kowloon Tong and Hung Hom

Kowloon Tong campus

5 Cumberland Rd, Kowloon Tong

Tel 2794 3668, Fax 2549 3878

admin@anfield.com.hk

www.anfield.com.hk

Whampoa campus

L2, Phase 1, Laguna Verde, 8, Laguna Verde Ave, Hunghom.

Tel 2766 3882, Fax 2766 3933.

admin_lv@anfield.com.hk

Established private Catholic kindergarten offering K1-3 and international P1.
International intake. Resources include two outdoor playgrounds, library,
activity room and computer centre. Experienced educators. Good teacher pupil
ratio. Children with differing abilities welcome. Nursery class for pupils aged
2 years upwards. Playgroup for younger children and extra-curricular programme
for students aged from 1-10 years.

Uses Foundation Stage and Key Stage One of the National Curriculum for England
and Wales, adapted to the local setting and international intake. Activity-based
curriculum develops six learning areas. Pupils learn at their own pace. Medium
of instruction is English with daily Putonghua classes.

$52,000 (half day)

$77,000(full day)

Kingston Children's Centre and Kindergarten

Kowloon Tong

12-14 Cumberland Rd, Kowloon Tong

Tel 2337 9049, Fax 2337 7382

enquiry@kingston.edu.hk

www.kingston.edu.hk

Classes for children from 3-5 years. Facilities include a library, music room,
outdoor playground. Classes for younger children available. Teacher pupil ratio
1: 16. Also has a primary section (see international primary school listings).
Was the first school in Hong Kong to be authorised to run the IB PYP.

Bilingual kindergarten that uses English and Putonghua for instruction, and
employs the guided enquiry approach of the IB PYP. Four units of enquiry are
covered each year, taking in a range of topics of global importance. Students'
work is documented through the portfolios they build up through the year.

$79,720

Kowloon Baptist Church Kindergarten

Kowloon Tong

2/F, 300 Junction Rd, Kowloon Tong

Tel 2336 6213, Fax 2339 2142

kbck@netvigator.com

Popular, non-profit-making kindergarten, established in 1975 and operating
within the Kowloon International Baptist Church facility. Caters for up to 150
children aged 3-5. K1 and K2 only. Teacher student ratio 1: 12.5 Maximum class
size: 25.

Learning through play and thematic teaching. Curriculum aims to help children
develop a positive attitude, social skills, self-confidence and problem-solving
and communication skills.

$22,000

Yew Chung Early Childhood Education Section

Kowloon Tong

29 Kent Rd, 3 Somerset Rd and 151 Waterloo Rd, Kowloon Tong

Tel 2338 0264, Fax 2337 8616

enquiry@ycef.com

www.ycef.com

The Yew Chung Foundation is a long-established provider of early childhood
education dating back to the 1930s. Offers bilingual, multicultural education
for children aged 6 months-6 years. Teachers are recruited from Hong Kong and
overseas, with western and Chinese teachers in each class. Primary and secondary
classes at Yew Chung International School follow a similar bilingual philosophy.

Offers a holistic programme with emphasis on whole language and literacy
experiences. Activities aim to integrate concepts across a range of topics,
Character and moral development integrated into the curriculum.  .

Mainstream: $112,800 (full day)

$57,900 (half day)

International: $112,800 (full day)

(rates for 2007-08)

YMCA International Kindergarten

Tsim Sha Tsui

2/F, YMCA, 41 Salisbury Rd, Tsim Sha Tsui

Tel 2268 7766, Fax 2131 0258

kindergarten@ymcahk.org.hk

www.ymcahk.org.hk

Sought-after Christian kindergarten for children from 2 years 8 months-6 years.
Multinational intake. Facilities include use of a swimming pool (for full-day
students), gymnasium and podium garden. Teacher pupil ratio 1: 10.

Follows the Foundation Stage of the National Curriculum of England and Wales.
Child-centred approach. Jolly Phonics, gym, art, music and movement, daily Bible
story. Putonghua introduced.

$45,000 (half day)

$78,555 (full day)

NEW TERRITORIES

Boxhill (HK) International Kindergarten & Preschool

Ma On Shan

G/F, Tower 10, Phase One, Vista Paradiso, 2 Hang Ming St, Ma On Shan

Tel 2750 6323, Fax 2750 6964

admin@boxhill.com.hk

www.boxhill.com.hk

Caters for children from 2-6 years. Chinese culture learning centre, library,
music room. Parental involvement encouraged. Seventy per cent of students go on
to ESF and other international schools, the rest to local schools. Maximum class
size: 20, with teacher pupil ratio of 1: 7.

National Curriculum of England and Wales Foundation Stage with the addition of
Putonghua and Cantonese. A thematic approach with reading and phonics
programmes.

$40,590

David Exodus Kindergarten

Sha Tin

UG, Block 4, Julimount Garden, Hin Tai St, Tai Wai, Sha Tin

Tel 2693 3772, Fax 3483 7400

lindamheaney@davidexodus.edu.hk

www.davidexodus.edu.hk

Small preschool for children 3-5 years. Many different nationalities attend,
including British, American, Chinese, Korean, Japanese and Indian. Spacious
outdoor play area. High staff ratio, experienced teachers. Speech therapist and
educational psychologist available. Maximum class size: 27.

Focuses on individual needs of the child. Varied curriculum using a theme-based,
activity approach emphasising all-round development. Language- building,
stories, singing and early literacy skills.

$39,000

Discovery Mind International Play Centre and Kindergarten

Discovery Bay and Tung Chung

Play centre: Shop 139B, Discovery Bay Plaza, Lantau.

Tel 2987 8028 Fax 2987 8058

enquiry@dmk.edu.hk

Play Centre and kindergarten: 8 Tung Chung Waterfront Rd, G/F, Deaview Crescent,
Tung Chung.

Tel: 2987 8070

enquiry@dmk.edu.hk

www.dmk.edu.hk

Discovery Bay play centre, founded in 2003, offers various programmes for
children aged 15 months to 3 years. The Tung Chung play centre and kindergarten
is due to open in September. The preschool will offer an English and bilingual
stream for children from 15 months. Morning and afternoon sessions.

At Discovery Bay children learn through fun, structured, hands-on activities and
enjoy the experience of exploring and thinking for themselves in a safe,
stimulating and nurturing environment. The Tung Chung school will follow the
National Curriculum of England and Wales, Foundation Stage, and non-local
curriculum with emphasis on a balanced education that fosters all-round
development.  Putonghua incorporated into the international curriculum.

$45,000

Hong Lok Yuen Kindergarten

Tai Po

3, 20th Street, Hong Lok Yuen, Tai Po

Tel 2658 6935, Fax 2651 0836

info@hlyis.edu.hk

www.hlyis.edu.hk

Established more than 25 years ago, Hong Lok Yuen International School is an
independent non-profit-making school, which provides an English education in a
multicultural environment, from nursery up.

The curriculum is based on on the UK National Curriculum with an inquiry
approach and Chinese programme for Chinese and expatriate children.

K1: $47,800

K2: $79,000

Leafy International Kindergarten

Mui Wo

G/F, 72 Rural Committee Rd, Mui Wo, Lantau

Tel 2984 2154

sally@leafy.edu.hk

www.leafy.edu.hk

Small, rural preschool for children from 3-5 years. Special needs by
arrangement. Has a garden for sand and water play. Playgroup for younger
children available. Maximum class size: 19.

Theme-based approach introduces subjects such as maths, music, environmental
awareness. Age-appropriate activities emphasise environmental issues. Letterland
system for early literacy skills.

Nursery and kindergarten: $26,000 am session; $18,000 pm session;

Leapfrog Playgroup (HKPPA)

Sai Kung

No 11, Pak Tam Chung, Sai Kung Country Park

Tel 2791 1540

leapfrog@netvigator.com

www.hkppa.org

Parent-managed group, affiliated to HKPPA. Caters for children from 3-5 years.
Multinational student body. Classes for younger children available. Maximum
class size: 24.

Learning through play to promote understanding in key areas and to help children
become active learners.

$27,000 (five days - non-duty)

$24,500 (five days-duty with limited places)

New Song Christian Kindergarten

Sai Kung

Floral Villas Commercial Area, 18 Tso Wo Rd,

Sai Kung. Tel 2791 2472 Fax: 2791 2477

newsong@netvigator.com

www.newsonghk.com

Kindergarten for children from 2 years 8 months to 6 years. Multinational
intake. Large classroom, plus large indoor playroom available. Plans to relocate
to Sai Kung town area by September. Maximum class size: 30. Teacher student
teaching ratio 1: 10.

Play and themed activities with curriculum and equipment chosen to provide
appropriate challenge for different abilities and interests. Free-choice play,
phonics, early years writing and numeracy, Putonghua, drama, movement, library,
and Bible stories. Outings and visitors to celebrate themes throughout the year.

$29,000

SKIP (Sai Kung International Preschool)

Sai Kung

159 Che Keng Tuk Rd, Sai Kung

Tel 2791 7354, Fax 2792 1844

skppa@netvigator.com

www.hkppa.org

Community kindergarten for children from 2 years 8 months to 5 years. Part of
the HKPPA. Parental involvement encouraged. Sand pit, indoor and outdoor play.
Playgroups for under 3s also available. Maximum class size: 20.

Introduction to learning through constructive play. Promotes all-round
development, helps children become creative and active learners, and builds
bonds between parents and child.

Duty place: $24,000 3-4 years; $28,250 4-5 years; Some non-duty places available

Zebedee International Kindergarten

Tai Po

G/F Yat Nga Court, Nam Wan Rd, Tai Po

Tel 2650 3339, Fax: 2650 4449

admin@zebedee.edu.hk

principal@zebedee.edu.hk

www.zebedee.edu.hk

An international kindergarten offering an English-speaking learning environment
for multinational children aged 3-5 years. It is located within five minutes
walk of Tai Po Market MTR station. It has eight spacious classrooms, a large
indoor play area, music room, library, and is well equipped for art and craft
and computer games. Maximum class size is 20 with a teacher child ratio of 1:8.
School bus service is available.

An adjusted Early Years Foundation Stage profile adapted to suit the diversity
of Hong Kong, including Putonghua as an additional language focus. The main
teaching medium is English. English and Putonghua playgroup for accompanied
children aged 18 months to 3 years.

$36,000

