

International

798 Unit and Co

1/F, 9 Hau Fook Street, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2366 0234. Signature dishes: white
wine platter, organic pork with apple and potato dauphinoise, rack of lamb,
banoffee pie. $$$-$$$$

Cafe Allegro

B1 Regal Kowloon Hotel, 71 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2313 8718. Signature
dishes: Hainan chicken rice, seafood laksa, Japanese roast eel with rice. $$

Cafe Causette

Mezzanine, Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road, Central. Tel: 2825 4005.
Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, pizza, mini burgers. $$$

Cafe Kool

M/F Kowloon Shangri-La, 64 Mody Road, Tsim Sha Tsui East. Tel: 2733 8753.
Signature dishes: smoked salmon with lemon myrtle, salad leaves and coriander
grissini, potato patties with asafetida-tempered green peas spiced with ginger
and peppercorn, spaghetti with caviar and vodka cream sauce, fresh clams.
$$$-$$$$

Cafe Landmark

Shop 107-108, The Landmark, Central. Tel: 2526 4200. Signature dishes: linguine
with lobster (above), baked crab with cheese, matcha cheese souffle cake. $$$$

Cafe Marco

1/F The Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel, 3 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2113 3912.
Signature dishes: wiener schnitzel with caramelised lemon, Hainan chicken rice.
$$$

Cafe O

2 Arbuthnot Road, Central. Tel: 2868 0450. (Branches in Mid-Levels, tel: 2111
3131 and 2116 8883; Sheung Wan, tel: 2851 0890; Wan Chai, tel: 3543 0224.)
Signature dish: penne with eggplant and sun-dried tomatoes. $-$$

Cafe on the Park

2/F Hotel Wing, The Royal Pacific Hotel & Towers, 33 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui.
Tel: 2738 2322. Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, spicy prawn mee soup,
char kway teow, Singaporean fried noodles. $$

Cafe One

Level One, The Park Lane, 310 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2839 3311.
Signature dishes: Hainan chicken rice, sweet and sour crispy noodles with
shredded chicken and shrimp, grilled Tasmanian lamb chop, sizzling chocolate
brownie with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.  $$$

Cafe Too

Level 7, Island Shangri-La, Pacific Place, Admiralty. Tel: 2820 8571. Signature
dishes: curry laksa with shrimp, double Tasmanian lamb chop, tandoori chicken,
Hainan chicken rice. $$$$

Clipper Lounge

M/F Mandarin Oriental, 5 Connaught Road, Central. Tel: 2825 4007. Signature
dishes: Oriental salad, lobster bisque, pan-fried cod, club sandwich. $$$$

Congress Restaurant

6/F Convention Plaza, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2582 7250. Signature
dishes: teppanyaki Pacific tiger prawn, roasted black cod with yuzu soy sauce,
plum wine pear sabayon. $$$

Cucina

6/F Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel, 3 Canton Road, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2113 0808. Signature dishes: linguine with fresh lobster, roasted suckling pig,
Parma ham, rucola, mozzarella and parmesan pizza. $$$$$

Feast (Food by East)

1/F East Hotel, 29 Taikoo Shing Road, Island East. Tel: 3968 3777. Signature
dishes: sugarcane and tea smoked ribs with Shaoxing wine, rack of lamb with
ratatouille and rosemary jus. $$$$

The Grill at Plateau

11/F Grand Hyatt Hong Kong, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2584 7722. Signature
dishes: grilled filet mignon, lamb chops, coconut salad with shrimp, peppers,
cilantro and chilli, creamed cauliflower, roasted shiitake mushrooms, key lime
pie, pancakes with whipped brandy butter. $$$$-$$$$$

H One

Shop 4008, Level 4, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2805 0638. Signature dishes: sauteed
red Mediterranean prawns with Italian snails in fresh herb sauce,
pancetta-wrapped sea scallop with truffled souffle and tomato foam, John Dory
with clams, white wine and fennel. $$$$$

Hebe One O One

112 Pak Sha Wan, Sai Kung. Tel: 2335 5515. Signature dishes: bacon-wrapped
chicken with fennel cream sauce, seared rainbow trout with herb mash and beurre
noisette, chocolate cappuccino cup, hot apple and blueberry crumble. $$$

Heirloom

226 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2547 8008. Signature dishes: tacos, chile
con carne, pumpkin and foie gras terrine, DIY s'mores. $$$

Jaspas

28 Staunton Street, SoHo, Central. Tel: 2869 0733. (Branches in Happy Valley,
tel: 2575 7730; Sai Kung, tel: 2792 6388.) Signature dishes: Angus burger,
chicken fajitas, US baby back ribs, linguine seafood marinara, Aussie pavlova.
$$

Jimmy's Kitchen

G/F South China Building, 1-3 Wyndham Street, Central. Tel: 2526 5293. (Branch
in Tsim Sha Tsui, tel: 2376 0327.) Signature dishes: onion soup, Caesar salad,
beef fillet Wellington, prawn madras, baked Alaska. $$$

Kitchen

W Hong Kong, 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon Station, Kowloon. Tel: 3717 2299.
Signature dishes: crisp lobster tacos with green papaya and fresh mint,
barbecued chicken burger with Chiang Mai spices. $$$$$

The Lobby

The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6709.
Signature dishes: char-grilled beef and mozzarella sandwich, Reuben sandwich,
chicken broth with wonton and Chinese mushrooms, banana split with walnut
brownie and brownie ice cream. $$

The Lounge

Lobby, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 3196 8820.
Signature dishes: foie gras confit with endive salad and toasted brioche,
Alaskan king crab salad with mango and avocado, grilled wagyu beef sirloin, and
vanilla cream mille-feuille with apple coulis. $$$$$

Lucy's

64 Stanley Main Street, Stanley. Tel: 2813 9055. Signature dishes: gruyere and
leek souffle with apple, celery and walnut salad, blackened tuna with mango and
papaya salsa and coconut-lime sauce, pecan pudding with toffee cream sauce. $$$

Marriott Cafe

Level 5, JW Marriott Hotel, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 2810
8366. Signature dishes: JW Marriott burger, Hainan chicken rice. $$-$$$

Peak Cafe Bar

9-13 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2140 6877. Signature dishes: apple wood-smoked
salmon naan, cheeseburger, calzone, meat-lover's pizza. $$$

The Peak Lookout

121 Peak Road, The Peak. Tel: 2849 1000. Signature dishes: Peak Lookout combo
platter, tandoori king prawns, grilled beef tournedos rossini with foie gras
(below), truffle and madeira sauce. $$$$

Portal - Work & Play

Level 5, Langham Place Hotel, 555 Shanghai Street, Mong Kok. Tel: 3552 3232.
Signature dishes: Mediterranean bento, seafood platter, Asian tapas platter.
$$-$$$

Prompt

4/F Le Meridien Cyberport, 100 Cyberport Road. Tel: 2980 7417. Signature dishes:
LM signature pizza, ultimate beef burger, fresh Boston lobster linguini with
cherry tomatoes and fresh basil. $$$

Sevva

25/F Prince's Building, 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2537 1388. Signature
dishes: Shanghai wonton, clay pot rice with rice cracklings, chicken, abalone,
freshwater shrimp and baby peas in broth, free-range roasted chicken, grilled
wild salmon with frisee, fennel shavings, cress and matchstick potatoes, wagyu
beef cheek and ox tongue pot pie. $$$$$

Spoon by Alain Ducasse

Lobby Level, Intercontinental Hong Kong, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel:
2313 2256. Signature dishes: rock lobster with French beans, girolles and
crustacean jus, Dover sole a la Riche, Challans duckling with cereal crust, baby
beetroot and turnip, cherry-pistachio contemporary vacherin. $$$$$

TBLS Kitchen Studio

7/F, 31 Hollywood Road, Central. Tel: 2544 3433. Signature dishes: soup and
sandwich, ice cream sandwich (menu changes monthly.) $$$$$

Teddy's Cafe

YWCA Lodge, 66 Begonia Road, Yau Yat Chuen. Tel: 2381 6638. Signature dishes:
baked oyster with cheese, lasagna, roasted lamb rack, rib-eye steak. $$-$$$

Tiffin

M/F Grand Hyatt Hong Kong, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2584 7722. Signature
dishes: weekday lunch buffet, evening dessert buffet, Sunday brunch. $$$-$$$$

Top Deck at The Jumbo

Jumbo Kingdom, Shum Wan Pier Drive,  Wong Chuk Hang, Aberdeen. Tel: 2552 3331.
Signature dishes: fritto misto di mare, seafood paella Valencia, surf and turf
with wild mushrooms and lemon butter sauce. $$$$

ToTT's

34/F The Excelsior Hong Kong, 281 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2837 6786.
Signature dishes: fried prawns with arugula and spicy mayonnaise, pork loin with
pommery mustard, apple crumble with vanilla ice cream. $$$$

European

ABC Kitchen

1/F Queen Street Cooked Food Market, 38 Des Voeux Road West, Sheung Wan. Tel:
9278 8227. Signature dishes: pan-fried frogs' legs, roasted suckling pig, potato
gnocchi with porcini and parmesan, beef Wellington. $$$

Amazing. One Fine Cuisine

Shop 10, Hang Sang Mansion, 48-78 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2547 8787.
Signature dishes: spring roll cigar with chicken and wild mushroom mousse, eel
fried rice with truffle paste, creme br√ªlee. $$

Basement Restaurant

Basement, 29 Gough Street, Central. Tel: 2854 0010. Signature dishes: grilled
Japanese sea scallops, organic fresh clam spaghetti, flambeed banana crumble,
chocolate parfait with fresh raspberries. $$$$$

Black Sheep

330 Shek O Village, Shek O. Tel: 2809 2021. Signature dishes: roasted sweet
pepper soup, fresh artichoke salad with three sauces, moussaka, grilled
swordfish, pavlova. $$$

Cafe Gray Deluxe (Asian and European)

49/F The Upper House, Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Admiralty. Tel: 3968 1106.
Signature dishes: barbecued quail and red beet salad, steamed sea bass, chilled
lemongrass soup with lime sorbet, passion fruit souffle. $$$$$

Casa Lisboa Portuguese Restaurant & Bar

8/F LKF Tower, 55 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2905 1168. Signature dishes:
shredded bacalhau with potatoes and eggs, tiger prawns with chilli and lemon,
duck rice "old style, caramel pudding with orange. $$$

Chesa (Swiss)

1/F The Peninsula, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6769. Signature
dishes: thinly sliced air-dried meat, traditional Swiss barley cream soup with
vegetables and air-dried beef, raclette du Valais, roasted duck breast,
traditional Swiss fondue with gruyere and emmental, Toblerone chocolate fondue
with seasonal fruit. $$$$

Delicatessen Corner

B1, Holiday Inn Golden Mile, 50 Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2315 1020.
Signature dishes: roasted pork knuckle with boiled potatoes and sauerkraut,
butcher's platter of house-made sausage, pork knuckle and smoked pork loin,
wiener schnitzel, apple strudel, German cheesecake. $-$$

Edo & Bibo Oyster & Steakhouse

28/F Macau Yat Yuen Centre, 525 Hennessy Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 3421 0472.
Signature dishes: lobster bisque with brandy, lobster and cream, Sicilian-style
prawn spaghetti, Spanish Iberico pork "secreto". $$$$

Fourth-Floor Restaurant and Bar

Harvey Nichols, The Landmark, 15 Queen's Road Central. Tel: 3695 3389. Signature
dishes: breaded frogs' legs with garlic butter escargots, pig's head with honey
and cloves, pumpkin ravioli with leek and mild camembert filling served with
sage and walnut emulsion, sesame panna cotta with black sesame ice cream. $$$$$

Fridge

1/F, 48 Peel Street, Central. Tel: 2810 1098. Signature dishes: Australian
grain-fed premium pork with blue cheese (below), oysters, ham and cheese
platter.  $$$$

Frites

1/F Queen's Place, 74 Queen's Road Central. Tel: 2179 5179. (Branches in Quarry
Bay, tel: 2250 5188; Causeway Bay, tel: 2877 2422.) Signature dishes: moules
marinieres, roasted pork knuckle with caramelised roasted vegetables, Belgian
waffles with whipped cream and chocolate sauce. $$$$$

Fusion 5th Floor

5/F The Pemberton, 22-26 Bonham Strand East, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2854 1801.
Signature dishes: wagyu tongue with pickled peppers and shaved foie gras,
slow-cooked egg with salted cod, roasted rack of lamb with ratatouille, grilled
US Kurobuta pork rack. $$$$

Fusion Gourmet - Bakery, Market, Bistro

1/F The Pemberton, 22-26 Bonham Strand East, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2545 0068.
Signature dishes: grilled shellfish feast, US kurobuta pork sirloin with
Hungarian honey and spring onions. $$$$

Glo Restaurant and Lounge

1/F Hotel de Edge by Rhombus, 94-95 Connaught Road West, Sheung Wan. Tel: 3559
9971. Signature dishes: pulled pork mini burgers, seared scallop with chorizo
risotto. $$$

Gold by Harlan Goldstein

2/F LKF Tower, 33 Wyndham Street, Lan Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2869 9986.
Signature dishes: lobster spaghetti, Tuscany seafood soup, Hokkaido sea scallop
carpaccio, Japanese Saga pork with clams. $$$$$

Jaa Kitchen

LG/F 61-63 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan.

Tel: 2545 5988. Signature dishes: Myanmar soft shell crab with corn, wagyu
burger with manchego cheese, onion jam and chorizo ketchup, chocolate "berried
treasure" bar. $$$

Jar

2/F, 8 Lyndhurst Terrace, Central. Tel: 2543 8000. Signature dishes: charcuterie
platter, roasted chicken, secreto de Iberico, not just another bread and butter
pudding. $$$$

King Ludwig

2/F Murray House, Stanley Plaza, Stanley.  Tel: 2899 0122. Signature dishes:
sausage sampler, crisp roasted pork knuckle with sauerkraut and potatoes. $$

The News Room

29-33 Tong Chong Street, Quarry Bay. Tel: 2562 3444. Signature dishes: goat's
cheese tart with roasted red onion, rocket and balsamic reduction, bacon-wrapped
rabbit with mustard sauce, grilled Dover sole. $$$-$$$$

Nightingale Restaurant & Bar

33 Ship Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2804 1728. Signature dishes: smoked eel salad
(above), pancetta and green pea risotto, red wine-braised ox tongue. $$$

One Stop Ristorante & Bar

52 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2858 1018. Signature dishes: spaghetti
carbonara with mushrooms, sauteed sauteed prawn with One Stop herb sauce. $$$

Orange Tree (Dutch)

17 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2838 9352. Signature dishes: lamb fillets and
eggplant baked in puff pastry on creamed leeks and rosemary jus, combination of
grey shrimps, smoked eel and matjes herring, mussels in white wine sauce. $$$$

The Principal

Shop 1, G/F Tower 1, Starcrest, 9 Star Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2563 3444.
Signature dishes: smoked eel with pineapple ice cream, suckling pig with lemon
puree, cheese board. $$$$$

Sauce

9 Sha Tsui Path, Sai Kung. Tel: 2791 2348. Signature dishes: lamb cutlets,
spring chicken. $$

Scala Restaurant

11/F Renaissance Harbour View Hotel, 1 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2802 8888.
Signature dishes: black Angus rib-eye steak, organic chicken and spinach
cannelloni with roma tomato-thyme ragout, lobster risotto with wilted baby
spinach and red wine reduction, chocolate pudding with chocolate chip ice cream.
$$$$-$$$$$

Schnurrbart

29 D'Aguilar Street, Lan Kwai Fong. Tel: 2523 4700. (Branch in Tsim Sha Tsui,
tel: 2366 2986.) Signature dishes: mixed-sausage plate, braised beef marinated
in vinegar with red cabbage and potato dumplings, fillet of pork with celery and
mushroom stuffing, house-made meatloaf, apple strudel with vanilla sauce. $$-$$$

SML

Shop 1105, 11/F Times Square, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2577 3444. Signature dishes:
linguine with sea urchin and chilli oil, crisp pork belly with red cabbage, red
mullet with tapenade and pesto, meatballs with spicy tomato sauce. $$$

St Betty

Shop 2075, Podium Level Two, IFC Mall, 8 Finance Street, Central. Tel: 2979
2100. Signature dishes: 21st-century egg with char-grilled asparagus, lemon
mayonnaise, black truffle and hazelnut dressing, yuzu and lemon posset. $$$$$

St George

1/F Hullett House, 2A Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3988 0220. Signature
dishes: snail and duck tartlet with cuttlefish, foie gras soup with black
pudding and spicy citrus sorbet, roasted Iberico pork cutlet with prunes, white
miso, Bellota ham and snails, Mediterranean white Jaffa. $$$$$

Swiss Chalet

12-14 Hart Avenue, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2191 9197. Signature dishes: sauteed
frogs' legs in a saffron sauce with mushrooms, tomatoes and mixed rice, barley
soup with air-dried meat, deer medallions with herbs and mixed mushroom sauce
served with spaetzle and red cabbage, traditional cheese fondue. $$

Miscellaneous

Al Pasha Silk Road Cuisine

Level 4, K11, 18 Hanoi Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3122 4444. Signature dishes:
Xinjiang bread, roasted lamb shank with cumin, shredded mutton with okra, red
radish and brake root vermicelli. $$

Alfie's by Kee (modern British)

Shop G5, G/F Prince's Building, 10 Chater Road, Central. Tel: 2530 4422.
Signature dishes: Ticklemore goat cheese, sage and caramelised onion tart, H.
Forman and Son's smoked haddock and prawn kedgeree. $$$$

Berliner German Bar and Restaurant

Shop G01B, D Deck, Discovery Bay. Tel: 2987 8203. (Branches in Tai Kok Tsui,
tel: 2148 5388; Lei King Wan, tel: 2121 8969.) Signature dishes: pumpernickel
with smoked salmon, sausage platter, roasted pork knuckle. $$-$$$

BLT Burger

Shop 301, Level 3, Ocean Terminal, Harbour City, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2730 2338.
Signature dishes: BLT burger, Australian wagyu burger, skinny fries, Vidalia
onion rings. $$

Bourbon (New Orleans)

21 Elgin Street, SoHo. Tel: 2540 6630. Signature dishes: jambalaya,
hickory-smoked baby back ribs, nachos. $$

Chica (Peruvian)

G/F, 26 Peel Street, Central. Tel: 2561 3336. Signature dishes: hot scallop
ceviche, pan con chicharron, causa (whipped potatoes with seafood). $$$$

Cicada (Asian tapas)

4 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2521 8188. Signature dishes: paneer tikki patties,
wok-tossed chilli garlic shrimp, five-spiced squid. $$$

Classified - The Cheese Room

108 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan. Tel: 2525 3454. Signature dishes: artisan cheese
platter, cheese fondue. $$-$$$

The Drawing Room (Italian and French)

1/F J Plus Boutique Hotel, 1-5 Irving Street, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2915 6628.
Signature dishes: tomato water with clams, langoustine and seafood foam, wagyu
trio, tuna belly with wild herb emulsion and burrata. $$$$$

Duetto (Italian and Indian)

2/F Sun Hung Kai Centre, 30 Harbour Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2598 1222. Signature
dishes: burrata with vegetable caponata, tandoori mixed grill, pan-roasted fish
fillet in coconut and coriander marinade. $$$

Farm Kitchen Vegi (Organic Japanese and Western)

2/F The Cameron, 33 Cameron Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2721 1800. Signature
dishes: white fish carpaccio, avocado and tofu-skin mille-feuille, stir-fried
spinach with mentaiko, pork kakuni with paprika and red vinaigrette miso (below
right). $$$

Felix (Contemporary)

28/F The Peninsula Hong Kong, Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2696 6778.
Signature dishes: hoisin-grilled baby back pork ribs, filet mignon with Italian
porcini red wine sauce, Felix tiramisu. $$$$$

Finds (Scandinavian)

1/F The Luxe Manor, 39 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2522 9318. Signature
dishes: Nordic seafood platter, dessert trio. $$$$$

The Flying Pan (all-day breakfast)

9 Old Bailey Street, Central. Tel: 2140 6333. (Branch in Wan Chai, tel: 2528
9997.) Signature dishes: omelettes, French toast, waffles, British fly-up, $-$$

G.e

2/F The Luxe Manor, 39 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 3763 8803. Signature
dishes:
beet-ravioli-candy-ginger-chicken-skin-cylinder-yolk-pimento-jelly-semi/solid-do
uble-consomme, cherry, lemon and kiri cheese meringue. $$$$$

Grassroots Pantry (vegetarian)

12 Fuk Sau Lane, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2873 3353. Signature dishes: cold soba with
seared organic tofu and tahini-miso dressing, mixed mushroom and asparagus
linguine with truffle oil. $$$

Greyhound Cafe

(Modern Thai and international)

Shop 1082, Podium Level 1, IFC Mall, Central. Tel: 2383 1133. (Branch in Harbour
City, TST, tel: 2383 6600.) Signature dishes: fried chicken wings, "complicated
noodles", spaghetti with corned beef, poached sable fish with sweet and spicy
sauce. $$$-$$$$

Harrington's (British)

1/F Ho Lee Commercial Building, 17 Lan Kwai Fong, Central. Tel: 2522 1823.
Signature dishes: mini sliders, fisherman's pie, liver and bacon. $$$$

Hong Kong Day (international noodles)

Shop P102, Level P1, The Peak Tower, The Peak. Tel: 2849 7855. Signature dishes:
salmon salad with wasabi vinaigrette, Thai prawn cakes with mint, coriander,
lemongrass and chilli, prawn laksa, pan-fried risotto. $$

Hooray Bar and Restaurant

P502, World Trade Centre, 280 Gloucester Road, Causeway Bay. Tel: 2895 0885.
Signature dishes: beetroot and gorgonzola salad, Kurobuta pork chop with avocado
salsa. $$$$

Life Cafe (vegetarian)

10 Shelley Street, SoHo. Tel: 2810 9777. Signature dishes: Moroccan groundnut
stew, roasted vegetable lasagne, quinoa, oat and mushroom bake, oven-roasted
za'atar, lentil and walnut burger. $$-$$$

Limehouse (British)

35 Ship Street, Wan Chai. Tel: 2528 5818. Signature dishes: duck liver and duck
egg with brioche toast and foie gras sauce, calf's liver with caramelised apple
and soft polenta, "not exactly bangers and mash", sticky toffee pudding. $$$

Lux

UG/F & 1/F The Plaza, 21 D'Aguilar Street, Central. Tel: 2868 9538. Signature
dishes: whole baby squid stuffed with mushrooms, Kobe burger. $$$$

Madam Sixty Ate (modern Australian)

Shop 8, 1/F The Podium, J Senses, 60 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2527 2558.
Signature dishes: terrine of game birds, pickled baby vegetables, fasenjan
pigeon breast with crisp phyllo-wrapped leg, bonito mamitako. $$$$$

Memo's (Italian, Spanish and Croatian)

62 High Street, Sai Ying Pun. Tel: 2858 8273. Signature dishes: Caprese salad,
pasta puttanesca, ham and porcini ravioli. $$$

More than Noodles - Bar

(Asian noodles and small dishes)

13/F The Loop, 33 Wellington Street, Central. Tel: 2521 9191. Signature dishes:
mix-and-match noodles, xiao long bao, fried carrot cake with XO sauce, boneless
drunken chicken wings. $$

Nepal Restaurant

14 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2869 6212. Signature dishes: momocha, aloo chop,
royal chicken. $$$.

Nomads (Mongolian barbecue)

55 Kimberley Road, Tsim Sha Tsui. Tel: 2722 0733. Signature dishes:
all-you-can-eat Mongolian buffet. $$

Old Bazaar Kitchen (Chinese and Southeast Asian)

Shop 207, 207 Wan Chai Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2893 3998. Signature dishes:
pan-fried ox tongue, hau diu goose liver, deep-fried pork intestines, lamb belly
soup, noodles with belacan sauce. $$

Oolaa

G/F CentreStage, Bridges Street, SoHo. Tel: 2803 2083. Signature dishes: pork
belly lollipops, duck confit, seared scallops on minted green pea risotto with
crispy pancetta, strawberry pavlova. $$$

La Pampa (Argentinian)

32 Staunton Street, SoHo. Tel: 2868 6959. Signature dishes: bife de lomo, beef
tenderloin steak, Argentine beef sausage, tomato stuffed with chicken or tuna,
provoleta cheese with olive oil and herbs. $$-$$$

The Pawn (modern British)

62 Johnston Road, Wan Chai. Tel: 2866 3444. Signature dishes: roasted bone
marrow, pan-roasted sardines and shrimp, oyster, green onion lime sauce with
ginger snow, summer pudding with cornish clotted cream, roasted game hen with
thyme stuffing. $$$$

Uncle Moustache (Chinese/French)

Shop GC24-26, 35 Tai Hong Street, Lei King Wan, Sai Wan Ho. Tel: 2967 6764.
Signature dishes: pig's lung and almond soup, dong po pork belly, prawns with
salted egg yolk, crab with glutinous rice, "lamb in the middle of a group of
tigers". $$$

