
DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia has issued
the following document:



 l .

 APPLICATION FOR CERTIFICATION AS AN ELIGIBLE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 RENEWABLE ENERGY STANDARDS GENERATING FACILITY

 Nameo f RenewableE nergyF acility: GCP- Nextility

 Facility Address:

 2100 F St NW

 WashingtonD, C 20052

 ORISPL Plant Code:



 Name of Owner: GCP -Nextility l, LLC

 Owner'sa ddressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 1606 20th st Nw

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 Phone: 202-719-5297

 Fax:

 Email : srecs@nextility.com

 Nameo f OperatorZ: acharyA xelrod

 Operator'sa ddressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 1606 20th st Nw

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 Phone: 202-719-5297

 Fax:

 Email: srecs@nextilityc.o m

 Nameo f ContactP erson:B ridgetC allahan

 ContactP ersonT itle, addressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 SRECO perationsA nalyst

 1718C onnecticuAt ve,N W, Suite3 00

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 Phone(: 202)448-7643

 For:

 Email: bridget@solsystemscompany.com

 l, LLC -DC-ST-l.62lkwF acility

 2.

 FJ

 a

 (2 -1'11

 f l " , n r

 --t -1

 ' . l

 :.--

 r'*)

 J*

 3.

 4.

 5 . Location of Resource:

 EWithin GeographicA rea of PJM lnterconnectionL,. L.C.

 n Other (specifu):

 Fuel Types (Check all that are Applicable; see Notes for Additional
Definitions)

 Tier I

 XSolar Energy

 Descriptiono f system- includingt ype of application( e.g.p hotovoltaico r

 thermal),m anufacturer/suppliemr,o deln ame/numbers,y stemo rientation( tilt
and

 azimuth) and type of meter (including model name/number):

 Type: ST

 ModuleM anufacturear ndM odel: SchucoU SA & CTE 200 CH 2 / CH 5

 Number of Modules: 17

 Module Power Rating (watts): N/A

 Tilt and Azimuth: 45 &,155

 Type of Meter: OIML Certified Meter

 MeterM anufacturear ndM odel Number: iSTEC& 5202

 SRCCO G 100M oduleNumbe2r 0090174

 trWind

 nQualifying Biomass

 EMethanef rom the anaerobicd ecompositiono f organicm aterialsin a landfill or

 wastewatert reatmentp lant

 DGeothermal

 ilOcean, includinge nergyf rom waves,t idesoc urrents& thennald ifferences

 EFuel Cellsp roducinge lectricityf rom qualiffing biomasso r methanea s
described

 above

 Tier II

 EHydroelectric Power other than Pumped Storage

 lWaste-to-Energy

 RatedC apacity: 35.16k W Estimateda nnuals avingso f 42,194k Wh

 Other (speciff): (6.8 kwh per panel per day * 17 panels i 365 days = 42,194
kWh)

 If muttiple fuel sources are utilized, attach the forrnula for computing the
proportion of

 output per fuel type by MWh (or kWh) generated.

 7.

 9.

 10.

 8. OperationaSl tartD ate: 9llll20l5 (or dateo f approvedin terconnectionw ith
PEPCO,i f

 appropriate)P. leasen otet his datei s aftert he inspectiond ated uet o a lag
between

 completion and sale of project.

 If co-firing with fossil fuels, co-fire start date:

 If co-firing with fossil fuels,s ubmitt he allocationf ormulat hat indicatesth
e

 facility'sa nnualp ercentageo f elechicityp roductionf rom fossil fuels.

 Is the facility a behind-the-mete(Br TM) generator?

 XYes (answer (a) below)

 []No

 (a) Is net metering used? XYes trNo

 As of the date of this Application, is the facility currently certified by
another state as an

 eligible generationre sourceto meett he renewablep ortfolio standardos f that
state?

 nYes XNo

 Name of State:

 StateC ertificationA gency:

 State Certifi cation Number:

 Date Issued:

 RequiredD ocumentationto be Attached:

 XCurrent Certificateo f GoodS tandingi,f applicablei,s suedb y the statei n
which the

 businessw asf ormed

 nOne copy of U.S. Deparbnenot f Energy,E nergyI nformationA dministrationF orm
EIA-

 860,i f ratedc apacityis &gt; 1.0M W

 XCertificateo f Authorizationt o ConductB usinessin the District of Columbia.i
f

 applicable

 XAffrdavit of General Compliance

 XAffidavit of EnvironmentaCl ompliancei,f the ratedc apacityi s greatert han
l0kw

 SDocumentationo f authorityt o signo n behalfo f Applicant

 Xlnterconnectiona pproval etterf rom PEPCO,i f applicable

 f,Documentationt hat the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiasl olarh eating,c
ooling,o r process

 heatp ropertys ystemsp roducingo r displacingg reatert han 10,000k ilowatt
hoursp er year

 is determinedb y an on-sitee nergym etert hat meetsp erformances tandardse
stablishebdy

 the IntemationaOl rganizationofL egalM etrology( OIML) andt he solarc
ollectorsu sed

 havea OG-100c ertificationf rom the SolarR atinga ndC ertificationC orporation(
SRCC),

 if applicable

 nDocumentationt hat the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiasl olarh eating,c
ooling,o r process

 heatp ropertys ystemsp roducingo r displacing1 0,000,o r less,k ilowatt-howsp
er yeari s

 determinedb y the SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocola
pplicable

 to the propertyo r by an onsitee nergym etert hat meetsp erformances tandardes
stablished

 by OIML andt he solarc ollectorsu sedh avea OG-100c ertificationf rom SRCC,i f

 applicable

 ilDocumentationt hat the residentiasl olart hermals ysteme nergyo utputi s
determinedb y the

 SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocolo r by an onsitee nergym
eter

 that meetsp erformances tandardes stablishebdy OIML andt he solarc ollectorsu
sedh ave

 a OG-100c ertificationfr om SRCC,if applicable

 Underp enaltyo f perjury,t he undersignedh etebya ffirmst hat he/sheis
authorizedto andh ereby

 doesm aket his Applicationf or the Applicanta ndt hat basedu ponp ersonakl
nowledgea nd

 informationt he contentso f this Applicationa ret rue.

 l0l7l20I5 BridgetC allahanS, RECO perations

 Date Printed Name and Title

 Notes:

 l) "Solare nergy"m eaRsra diante nergy,d irect,d iffuse,o r reflected,r
eceivedf rom the suna t

 wavelengths uitablef or conversionin to thermal,c hemical,o r electricale
nergy,t hat is collected,

 generatedo,r storedf or usea t a latert ime.

 2) "Qualiffing biomass"m eansa solid,n onhazardousc,e llulosicw astem aterialt
hat is

 segregatefdro m otherw astem aterialsa, ndi s derivedf rom any of the following
forestr elated

 resourcesw, ith the exceptiono f old growtht imber,u nsegregatesdo lid waste,o
r postc onsumer

 wastepaper:

 (A) Mill residue;

 (B) Precommerciaslo ft woodt hinning;

 (C) Slash;

 (D) Brush;

 (E) Yard waste;

 (F) A waste pallet, crate, or dunnage;

 (G) Agriculturals ourcesin cludingt reec rops,v ineyardm aterialsg, rain,

 legumess, ugar,a ndo therc rop by-productso r residueso; r

 (H) Co-fired biomass.

 AF'F'IDAVIT OF GENERAL COMPLIANCE

 State of DC

 : ss.

 County of Washineton :

 BridgetC allatranA, ffiant, beingd uly sworn/affrrmeda ccordingto law, deposesa
nds ayst hat:

 He/shei s the Associate( Officer/Affiant)o f GCP- Nextility l. LLC (Nameo f
Applicant);

 Thath e/sheis authorizedto andd oesm aket his affidavit for saidA pplicant.

 Thatt he Applicanth ereinc ertifiest o the Commissionu nderp enaltyo f perjuryt
hat:

 TheA pplicanta cknowledgetsh at any changein compliances tatusc onstitutesa
changeo f

 information, notice of which by Applicant is required to be filed with the
Public Service

 Commissionim mediately.

 The Applicantf urtherc ertifiest hat he/sheh asp ersonallye xamineda ndi s
familiar with all

 informationc ontainedin the foregoinga pplicationi,n cludinga ny attachmentasn
da ppendices,

 and further certifies that information to be true, correct, and complete.

 Before Me this 7 dav of October 2015.

 of Official Administering Oath

 Expires:

 MyoonrrHon odres SeQlQfirt

 ' ' '"

 AFFIDAVIT OF ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

 Nameo f RenewablEe nergyF acility( "Facility"):G CP- Nextility I,LLC -DC-ST-l.
62lkw

 Facility

 Facility address:

 2100F stN w

 Washington, DC 20052

 Renewablere sourceu sed:S olart hermal

 Contact person for the facility ("Contacf) - include name, address (if
different from above),

 phone number, and e-mail address:

 Zachary Axelrod

 1606 20th st Nw

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 202-719-5297

 srecs@nextility.com

 Confirmationo f Complianceo r Non-Compliancew ith EnvironmentaRl equirements

 (Check either (a) or (b)):

 X(a) The Facility complies with all applicable state and federal environmental
requirements,

 includingo btainingo r renewinga ll applicables tatea ndf ederale nvironmentapl
ermits. ln

 addition,t his Facility hasn ot experienceda ny major environmentavl iolationsd
uringt he

 precedingy ear.

 n@) The Facility doesn ot complyw ith all applicables tatea ndf ederale
nvironmental

 requirements.

 Major environmentavl iolations( Checke ither( a) or (b)):

 X(a) The Facility hasn ot experienceda ny major environmentavl iolationsd
uringt he preceding

 year.

 n(b) The Facility hase xperienceda major environmentavl iolation duringt he
precedingy ear.

 Pleaseli st all Federala nd StateE nvironmentaPl ermitsf orthe facility,
includingp ermit number,

 datea uthorizede, xpirationd ate,a nd agencyc ontact.

 Permit Type PermitNumber Date Authorized Expiration Date Agency Contact

 Bridget Callahan, (Narne of Officer/Affiant), being duly sworn/affirmed
according to law,

 deposesa nds ayst hat:

 He/sheis theA ssociateo f GCP- Nextility l, LLC -DC-ST-1.621kwFa cility

 Thath e/sheis authorizedto andd oesm aket his affidavit for saidF acility.

 ThatB ridgetC allahanh ereinc ertifiest o the Public ServiceC ommissiono f the
District of

 Columbia under penalty of perjury that:

 The Officer/Affiant acknowledges that any change in compliance status
constitutes a

 change of information, notice of which by Officer/Affiant is required to be
filed with the Public

 ServiceC ommissionim mediately.

 The Officer/Affiant further certifies that he/she has personally examined and
is familiar

 with all foregoing information, including any attachmentsa nd appendicesa, nd
further certifies

 that information to be true, correct, and complete.

 Sworna nd SubscribedB eforeM e this 7th dav

 Signattre of Official Administering Oath

 Myc ommissEio,.np i."r'Sc?k**l,.lr1O / hI-C

 Dbffictccf otmlaa:s s

 *@usr{shws

 SCHEDULEA

 G.ncrrtor Owncr't ConrGnt

 The undersignedo, n behalf of the GcneratorO wnerG CP - N.xtlllW 1, LLC1 ,
representst o PJME nvironmentaIln formationS ervlces,I nc.

 ("E15"t)h at:

 1. l/we am/aret he GeneratgrO wnerw ho holdsl egalt itle to the GeneratingU
nit(s)d esignatedb elow,

 2. lAilet he GeneratorO wner,( checko ne)

 InereOy grant authoritya nd permissionto AccountH older,S ols ystems,L Lc2 to
creatc and trade all Certificatesa ssociatedw ith the

 followlngG eneratingU nit(s),w hichC ertificate9s halla lsob e registeredtc the
GATSa ccount(s)g fthe AccguntH older.

 lXereUy electt o createa nd trade all Certlflcatea ssoclatedw ith the
followingG eneratlngU nlt(s)w lthln my own GATSa ccount.

 3. t/we the GeneratorO wnerf urther representst hat Uwe have nat granted
simllar authority or permissiont o any other subscribero r

 account holder for use In the GATS or any similar system.

 4. Uwe,t he GeneratorO wner,u n{erstandt hat this Consents upersedesa ny and
all Consentsth at have been submittedp rior to the date

 specifledh erein.A ny and all priorC onsentsw ill be considcredn ull and vold
and the a$lgnment of rightst ermlnated.

 5, The asslgnment of rights that occurs withln this Consent does not absolve
the Generator Qwner from upholdlng any contractual

 obligatlons that exlst outside of GATS.

 6. By executingt his Consent,t he GeneratlonO wner representsi t dqes not have
any contractualo bligatlonst hat would precludet he

 executiono f this Consent,

 Gon.r.tlng Unlt l{amc end Addrrrr

 Optlonal: lGcncntlng Unlt Sirc/Syctcn Slrrl

 PrM iISET lDgI EIA Plrnt Codc rnd &euro;rnrretor ldutlflrr (er

 eppllcablc)

 GCP- Nextility1 , LLC.D C-ST-1.62lkFwac ility

 2100F S t NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0052

 1.621k W( ore qulvalent)

 Zachary Axelrod

 President

 2015-09-14

 Dlrcctlons for Gcnerator OwnGr's Conscnt

 All Informatlon on thls GGnerator Owncr's Conscnt must bc typcd or ncatly
prlntcd In bluo or blrck Ink ar follows:

 1. Filli n the GeneratorO wner'sf ull legaln ame,i ,e,A BCD omesticE nergyC
ompany,I nc,

 2. Filli n the AccountH oldedsf ull legaln ame,L e, ABCD omestlcE nergyC
ompany,I nc.

 3, lf GeneratorO wneri s a corperationp, artnershipo r other legale ntity,t his
Consentm ust be executedb y a companyo fficero f the

 GeneratorO wner.l f GeneratorO wneri s an Indlvidualt,h is Consentm ugtb e
execut&euro;db y the individual.

 4. Returnt he original,c ompletedC onsent g:

 GATS Admlnlstrdor

 c/o Plil EnvlrcnmGntal Informatlon Scrvlccs r

 Incr, 955 fcffcrron Av.nua

 J{orrfstown,PAf94o3-2407

 ' { t'

 Name:

 Title:

 Date:

 5ol Systems, LLC

 Page 7 of 7 ilt|i lililililil|ililf lililtiilliillI til ililililiilli l
||ililfifli l t ilil1

 GE]IERATOR OW]{ER3

 Shdn@

 W GOVERNMSNT

 ffi$ oFil-tE

 DlsTRlcor f coLUMEIA

 Muriel Bowser, MaYor

 Oepartmenot f Csngumear nd

 EusinessL icenseD ivision

 1100 4th Street s.w.

 Washington SC 20044

 RegulatorAy ffairs

 gatetssued; 9911212015

 CategorY: 4003

 Lirense$: 400315901845

 l-itenseP erind:0 3J01/2015-0l22U 2O17

 BillingN amea nd Address: Prenlise/Applicatisn'Ns arnea nd Addrers:

 GCP:NEXTILIT1Y, L LC

 BROOI&euro; $HEPPARD

 1OOzSO THS TN W,

 WASHINGTON,

 DC ?0009

 GCP-NEXTILI1T,YL L C

 1606 2OTH STREET NW,

 WASHINGTON,

 DC 20009

 RegisteredA gent'sN amea nd Address:

 GCP-NEXIILITY1 . LLC

 ZACHARYAXEI.ROD

 1749 T ST NW,

 #APT 1

 WASHINGTOND, C 2OOO9

 0rninerN'sa me

 "rdnrpN. ame GCP-Nextifity1 , LLC

 Trade Name

 l a;iolHpPC;'O13024'Jl i ssr:0093qlg{-*lry,

 i CLA55: i unitrsi

 GeneraBl usines-s G eneraBl usinesLs icenses

 IHE tAW RCQUIRITSr -llSL ICINsIT S {]EF OSTI$lN A CofdSFlCUOFUL5A CEfiN THEF
REMISES*

 Inter imD i rectorM: el indaB ol l ing

 *ticenseE ffectivefi romt he later* f lsslledc r Starto f License-PerioDda te

 ffiOovernmento f theD istricot f Columbia

 CERTIFICATOEF C LEANH ANDS

 GCP.NEXTILIT1Y, LLC

 NOA DDRESSO N FILE

 NA, NA OOOOO

 EIN : *****3733

 As reported in the Gitywide Clean Hands systern, the above referenced

 Individual or entity has no outstandingrlia$tlfty with the District of

 Columbia. Ae of the date herein, yoy hafh- eomplied with the following

 official DC code and therefore al I this Certificate of Clean

 Hands. :j

 ,t),

 TITL E 47,T AXATION-.I -ICEI.IS.II'IPCE, RMIT S,A SSESSME NTSA ND FEES

 CHAFif,ER2 8. GENERALL ICENSEL AW

 SUBCHAPTEIRI. C EFANI {ANDSB EFORER ECEIVINGA LICENSEO R PERMIT

 ,,,, . '.." D.C. Code 947-2862 (2006)

 $ 43-4,,ts#P, rohibitiona gainsti $suanceo f licenseo r permit.

 trttJ

 Authorized By Bobby Tucker

 Chief Collection Division

 f racking#:337281

 Date: Tuesdav this 12th dav of Mav 2015 01:46 PM

 This document ts a ceftifled, complete and true copy

 SUPPLIER:

 Scfiuco USA LLLP

 240 Pane Road

 NewingtonC, T 0611 1 USA

 www.schuco-usa.com

 CERTIFIEDS OI.A,RC OLLECTOR

 BRAND: PerformancCe ollector

 cTE220 CH 2 / CH 5

 Glazod Flat Plate

 2009017A

 February0 7,2011

 Decembe1r 0,2022

 MODEL:

 COLLECTORT YPE:

 CERTIFICATIO#N:

 OriginaCl ertifci ation:

 ExpirationD ate:

 The solarc oll&euro;ctorli stedb elowh as beene valuatedb y the SolarR ating&
CertificationC orporationil( SRCCil) in accordancew ith SRCCO G-100,O
p&euro;rating

 Guidelinesa nd MinimumS tandardsfo r CertifyingS olarC ollectorsa, nd has beenc
ertifiedb y the SRCC.T his awardo f certificationis subjectt o all termsa nd

 conditionso f the ProgramA greemsnta nd ths documentsin corporat&euro;dth
ereinb y reference.

 REIIIARKS:

 $**p,qa,*

 PrintD ate:J anuary2, 013

 @S olarR ating& CertificatioCn orporationil

 Point Drive, Suite 400 O Cocoa, Florida 32926 a

 COLLECTORT HERII L PERFORMANCER ATING

 l(|orat{pua (thcmal) Per Panol Por Day Thousands of Bt Pcr Penol Per Day

 Climate -&gt; High Radiation

 (6.3 kwh/m'..day)

 M&euro;dium Radiation

 (4.7 kwh/mz.day)

 Low Radiation

 (3.1 kwh/m'.day)

 Climate -&gt; High Radiation

 (2000 Btu/fr'z.day)

 M6dium Radiation

 (1500 Btu/fl3.day)

 Low Radiation

 Cat&euro;gory (1000B tu/fl3.day)

 Oi-Ta)

 Category

 ffi-Tal

 A G5'C) 12.4 9.4 6.4 A (-9'F) 42.3 32.0 21.8

 B (5'C) 11.4 8.4 5.4 B (e'F) 38.9 28.6 18.4

 c (20'c) 9.8 6.8 3.9 c (36 "F) 33.4 23.2 13.3

 D (50'C) 6.8 3.9 1.4 D (e0'F) 23.1 13.4 4.6

 E (80'C) 3.9 1.5 0.0 E (144'F) 13.3 5.2 0.0

 A- PoolH eating( WarmC limate)& ' PoolH eating( CoolC limate)G WaterH eating(
WarmC limate)

 D Space& WaterH eating( CoolC limate)E - CommerciaHl otW Ater& Cooling

 coll-EcToR sPEclFtcATroNs

 GrsArea: 2.690m 'z 28.95f l3 DryWelght 48 ko 106r b

 NctApcrtrteAne: 2.500 m' 26.91 tl: Fluld Cagadty 2.2lilel 0.6 qal

 Ab&euro;o6&euro;rAr&euro;a: 2.5Mm' 26.95 fr' T&euro;st Pr&euro;s6ure: 1500 kPa
21E psi

 TECHNICALIN FORMATION Teetedi n accordancau ,lh:

 ISOE llldencyE quatlon[N OTE:B asedo n grossa reaa nd (P)=Ti-Ta]

 S1U NITS: n= 0.736- 3.3951O(P/-G 0). 00940(P7G) Y Intercept: 0.741 Sbpe: 4.021W
m2."C

 IP UNITS: n= 0.736- 0.59836(P/G-) 0 .00092(FEIG) Ylnbrept 0.741 Slope: -0.709B
tu/hr.ff.'F

 lndd&euro;ot Anglo Modlfr&euro;r Test Fluld: Water

 e 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 Teet MasE Flolv Rate: 0.0193 kg/(s m') | 1a.20 tbl(hr
ft)

 KIu 1.00 0.99 0.99 0.98 0.96 0.92 0.85 lm@SaffiyRdng:

 TechnicaDl irector

 o 400 21$6037 t Fax 1) 821-0910

 L/OD F Sb.

 Paoe I ofl

 CER1IFIED SOIIR, COITECTOR

 SUPPLIER;

 Sdruco USAltlP

 240 Pane Road

 NewingtonC,T 06'll1 USA

 www.echuco-uga.com

 BRAND:

 MODEL:

 COLLECTOTRY PE:

 CERTIFICATIO#N:

 OriginaCl erticfia tion:

 ExpiratioDn ate:

 PerformancCe ollector

 cTE220 CH 2 / CH 5

 Glazed Flat Plate

 20090174

 Februar0y7 ,2011

 Decembe1r0 ,2022

 The eolarc olloctorli etedb olowh as boene veluetedb y th6 SolarR ating&
CertiflcatioCn orporationil( SRCCI"1in accordancew lth SRCCO G.

 100,O peratlngG uldellnee nd MlnimumS tanderdsfo r CertlfylngB olarC
olloctorse, nd has beenc ertifiedb y the SRCC.T his awardo f

 certlficationls subjectt o all terms antl conditionso f the ProgramA greonrente
nd the documentsi ncorporatedth &euro;reinb y reference.

 ADDmOMI INFORMATIO(Nc lickh eret o r&euro;tumt o the ratlngp ase)

 TostL ab: Forschungsu-n dT estzentrumfll r

 Solaranlage(nT ZS)a m h$iut f0r

 Thermodynamuikn d

 Wdrmetechnl(klT W)d er

 UniveraltdSt tuttoert

 TestR eportD ate: Decemb1e0r ,2 010

 Test Report Number: 10co1872 Test conducted:

 souR cor.LEcroRco t{SfRuemoDNE TAI.s

 cou-EcroRirATERArs

 OubrCffi: I Glsssaheet lEndourubec|c Auminum I Bd( lnetrh0fi: I Fiber, None

 lnftcrCdrr: Glaes sheet Endomrltb: Aluminum l 8['h lneuffim: , None

 Abuter Dsrcdndon: Flowffim:

 RhcrTube: Copper Fln:

 AboorDcrGoeilm: Selective tUbc b lln connocdon

 Ohlm q.|brcovu lnn*Corcr

 lrkblhl: Glasse heet Glasss heet

 &rff&euro;chorcbda0fl:

 Thrlclarce: 4.0 mm 0.0 mm

 TnmrnbdvM

 lrngth: 2.120m

 Wldtt 1.220m

 Tubo GEm b Hc.dcr Endcuro gal: EPDM oaeket

 AESORBER AboodrrGoatm: lselective

 l{edcrlftbdrl: HeedrOD: lledHWill:

 RlrcrTutn Mebdal: Copper RlccrTubOe D: RFrrTubcWsll

 Thhlocc:

 Flnlhubl: FlnT hlolnce: 0,80m m

 Pase ). of 1

 Fbrr Pdern:

 Numbeor f Rlser

 Tubc:

 1 Tuba Spadng: Numbeorf tmee

 each dsercmorg

 the abeoftst:

 1

 tengilh dFlow Pdt: 17.53m RIE&euro;rbFln/Fm

 Bond:

 I}.ISUIATION:

 Locdon TIDo Thlclspos Locaton Type Thlclatecc

 Bad&lt;-Too l-awn Fiber Sl&s- Innerl- ayon

 Badr-Botbm l-aytt: None Sklee- OftrLayer: None

 Endcum FastenlnMo efto&:

 PRESSURE DROP

 Flow AP Flow AP

 mUs Pa spm ln Hd)

 20 0.32

 50 0.79

 80 1.27

 Pege i of?

 fs f&euro;gn | $p 811A6 rtinstoBntv #d1 4eI F attcsh urchv,A 22042

 CO n 5t f U Ct I O n Tel:(20726) 04373lFax:(575023-)7
500lEmail:INFO@Greentopconstruc{ion.com

 CLIENTI NVOICE lnvoice# 158{8

 Address

 CitY

 Phone

 16062 0th StreeNt W 2nd Floor OrdeNr o.

 Rep

 ProposaNlo .

 Washington state DC 4129999_

 202-719-5297

 rrqje9l t\ame: uaK(,ta natl

 SubjecAt ddress:2 100F ST NW

 Unit Total

 I

 2

 J

 System Filling 10%

 Govt InspectionCs omplete1 0olo

 SystemG eneratingE nergy1 0%

 4,4160 0

 4,41600

 4,4t5.00

 4,416.00

 ,{,4'16.00

 4,416.00

 Subtotal $13.248.0(

 Taxes tnc

 Total $13.248.0(

 Payments/Credits

 BalanceD ue $r3.248.0(

 All materiails guaranteedto be as specifiedA. ll workt o be completeda
ccordingto specificationssu bmiftedp, er

 standardp racticesO. ur companyi s licenseda nd insured.

 I lFallsG hurchV, A 220d2

 x (703)5 52-7506| E mailI:N FO@GreentopConstruclion.com

 CLIENT INVOICE Invoice # 15909

 Address 16052 0thS treeNt W 2ndF loor

 SubjectAddress2: 100F ST NW

 & SubcontracloFr inal LienW aiver(s)

 ChangeO rder Eledricelr e-wiring,a pprovedb y ReganS .

 Allmatedsll * guarantocdto bc rc spccificd.A ll uott b bo eomplrHt accgdineb
rpocificetou eubmtttcdp, or

 rterdard pracffqccO. urc orpary lr lbcnrsd and inrurucl.

 Exhiblt A n*-ii$y" P'toFri Dlrcrtpdon fiar tl OO F fit tltfY

 ThlbP rojec*Descrlptionis enbred into by ergafrog Ccffe&tqr[ ltr'Ge nd
llrutttllry' hq pursuantto'the

 In*tallationA greementh at th&euro;y enteredi nto on Orilob* fin, tolg.

 LscpEsfxnnK

 Owners hallp rovldea fl requiredd esigna nd enginaeringd rawings-

 Contrectorlh all applyf or and ohaln all reguiredb ullding permits.

 Owners haflo brainc ustornesr ign off on the Noticao f FinalD eelgnb eforep
roeeading.withln smllaticn,

 eontractor shaff install a functlonal sofar domestic water lieating syttern Er
per the prsvidEd $tructulal and

 Mechanicaflll ans"

 Contrafiors hallr ubmha ll ttemel istedo n the "SWH* SubmittaRl eview[i sf for
approvalb y Owner.

 Contractor* halfp rovidea ll *andard materialsre guiredf or a completei
nstallationi;n cludingb qt oot liinftedt o

 plpe,v alves,f ittings,l nsulationr, nountingh arduare;c onsumablesa,n d all
rnaiorc ompor*antsl howni n the

 ContrastorM aterialsL ist

 Contractors hallb e responsiblels r documentinga ll pre-existings ite
conditionsa nd all sbges of csnstruction,

 includingd eUitadd ocur$entationo f any,a nd all. manlpulatlontse exlstingc
onditlons.C ontractors hallb e

 responoiblefo r anyd amagesin curredd uringt he in:tallationp roces*t o
+xlstingc onditions.

 Upon complntion.C ontffictrrrs hall Frevidb As4ui{t Orawingna nd
fns,tallat'onO, peraton & Maintanance

 Manuatsfc r all majsriystemc ornpbnentsa nd cornpsn&euro;nEr equiringr
nalntenanct

 Owner 'shallp rovidgt he OwnerF urnishedM aterialsin the MaterialsL ist

 ContracnorshaIlnl apecat nd reurn damagedO wnerF urnishEdM aterials.

 Contractors hallfilf out requiredi ncentiw compliancep apenrork as raquestedb y
Ownar;n otto excsodf our

 (4) hours of work.

 Contractor ,shall install and cpnnect the Orrrnels ryctem monitoring
equiprnent, Installation $hall include

 connectiont o the backhauln, ertv*od+al l requircd wiring, lnstallationo f
vglve tagr and of temperature

 sensort- applied usihgi hermal pnstoa nd alumin$mt ape to the exterioro f plpe
wells* as indlcatedl n tha

 Owner-provided 9a/rc habaling and Temperaturp Sensar l"ocadorr Diagram, All
sAndard consumables

 and srnaltl ools"s ucha sw ire sr alurninurnta pe.s hallb e providedb y
Contractor,

 Contractors halla rrange:fora, tten4 andp ax all reguiredi ntpections,

 Contracor shall prwide all systema nd systemc omponenti nstallationo,
pgratisn.s nd rnaintenancem anusls

 to Owner,

 Contraetsr shaH retum to the coritract site one tirne within fto (t) rnsnths
following $e completion of all

 Negility lnrpectien Punch Lls* ltern* at Owney'g requ&euro;st to rnake up to
{our man.hourc of syltem

 optirnilationc hangesto the syst&euro;rnre questedb y Owner.A ddition*l hoursw
illba paid by Owner.

 'TheP roiacts hallb e.designedf ur an axpeffed ll{,etlrneo f 15 yea* and in
conformancew lth the Strsctsrala nd

 MechanicalP lans,A ll Projactc ornFon&euro;ntsrh all have iFpropdat&euro;
frrrhh te limh the d$estsO f ccrro;ion

 con$ist&euro;nwt ith this expectedl ifetime.T his expectedl ifetimeo f the
Froj&euro;cta $gurn*tr egularr neintenance

 and repairs nd/pr replacernentos{ omec ompanentso f the Prolect.

 The Froject shall be designed to withstsnd the rrind lsadi. snow loads, soiemic
loads, temp&euro;ratrrE, humidity

 Contrattor/or4,noht r.lL t

 exrremcs which would normal! he expeced te occur at the specified sites during
the Project's design

 lifetlme.T he projea shallb e installeda s designed.

 The Project'sin stallations hallc omplyw lth the r&euro;quirementso f the
applicablel pcalb uilding sqdes asd efined

 by the autharityh avingju risdictiono verthe Site.

 The Project'si nsrallations hall comply with the manufacturetrp eciftcationsf
or all Materialsi ncluded in the

 Project,

 All Matarials and Orrner Furnlahed Materials ghall be in$alled in a manhar that
l$ conslstent wlth

 man ufacture /s i nstallation instruEtionsre, qui remontsa nd war rantiee,

 Contractors hallp erforma ll roof work in acgordancew ith industryb est
pradce6, EUchth at the usefull ifedma

 of modifiqationsm aded uring the sslar installatione xceedt he remainingu
sefulf ifetirneo f the incumbqnl

 roofing sptcm.

 gontractor shall comply with stipulationso f roof installera nd mansfacturer'sw
arrantyr egulationeto enruto

 customer'sre of warrantyi s maintained.{ lf apeliceble.)

 Conractor$ hallc onducta ll work in accordancew ith Universityc ontractorp
roce$sea* nd procedures.

 ?.sr.rE*Pur

 S"UORKiGHEDt'TG

 lfitesbac

 Notice of Final Design Signed by Customer

 PermittingC omplete

 lnstEllationC omplete

 Nexility lnspectionP assed- SystemC ommiesioned

 LocalM unicipalityIn spectionC omplete

 4t1An5

 4t17t15

 5/20/15

 3t2U15

 5rz6t't5

 contractor/owni*jr| rll

 {.,mATEE_blg&lgJ

 8, s!/sTEtrp Eqc RlFflE il

 The solar ensrgy s)'stemE t DakotaR esidencell all ia camprlsedo f one
clo.se&loops olar dome.stlcw ater heating

 system' The systemr arilcl onsi* of seventeen{ 17) SchucoC TE-220s olar
collectorsb allast-mountedo n *re roof, Hot

 u,aters toragew ill be in a non-preesurized8 0O-gaflonta nk In the secondf loor
rnechanicarl oorn of the roof level

 penthouse. There will be a pan under the rank with a pipe muted to ths rsaf in
the event of a rank leak. Thera will be

 three bankgo f eollectorsw hh twelvec oltectorsfa cingd ue southa nd fiw
collector5f acingd ue east Domestic$ ratgr

 will be preheatedu singa flat plata heate xchanger nountedi n Sreh ott*raterh
eaterr oorn-T hiss ysternw ill atsoi nclude

 a fluid coolerfor added overheat protectiorl"

 5ge-e.dssn*idsff"i isns;

 colJectorin terconnectionse,n d caps,a nd pipe adapterst o bebbricated by
Installer

 Drain pan required for llydroflar tank with pVC dnin liRe routed to roof.

 Ffouvrn&euro;letor be relocatedt o the hot watprh aaters ideo f boller ruom on
cold litre.

 a

 a

 qrmrFwnHpClg44 tirnuftqtum: .itsC*l-t gsrrdtv Itt"dmafi

 Sky8ox & SkyMon

 2'Flow Meter

 STUC alculafinUg nit

 4. TemperatureP robeSat

 BrassT hermowello

 Label Package

 Schuco solar collectors

 |\|extillty

 Carlon

 ISTECC orporation

 i9TEC Corporation

 MeMaster-Carr

 N&euro;xtility

 Nextllity

 SKYBO)(,'.0

 eOoulrlms

 5202

 s602M

 4uS temY. r"h lPT

 cTE-2?0

 1

 I

 1

 2t

 17

 NONE

 ? Year

 I Year

 I Year

 NONE

 NONE

 M llrnqf|efit|r iln ld* Qt4pdty Ufrtrnrry

 HotWstdrS torageta nk

 HeatExchanger

 Solar Controller

 HeatE xchangeC ontroller

 CircslationF urnps

 ExpansionT ank

 Air Eliminator

 PropyleneG lycol

 Fluid Cooler

 Ccllector connections

 Hydroflex

 BrentI ndustrieosr Egual

 Resol

 Reml

 Grundfios

 Amtrol

 Taco

 Varies

 Luvata

 T800-5

 10x20.30

 DElraSoBi s/rt

 Delta5alAL

 Various

 Extrof 5&901/

 4?-075-C{

 Varies

 LFSsS1l -4t5-?C

 'l

 a

 I

 'l

 3

 1

 I

 I

 As required

 I

 10 Years

 1 Year

 2 Years

 2 Years

 1 Year

 I Year

 'trY ear

 NONE

 Contracror/Own*&r 1 f 0

 PevnrailGrilr

 Goatnct

 !$

 Foyfirsilrt

 Ameuilt Erqutmmrtrr

 Contracted 1096 $4,416

 Executed" ExhibitA"& "Suppller& SubcontractcrL ist"

 executed and returned to Nextility" *5l4rH *Submitbal

 ReviewC heeklisfa nd requireds rrbnifralsf orwarded

 to Nedllitv

 Permitted 30% $13,?49

 Copi*s of BulldingP entrit,F fumbtngP er,mi&t

 EleetricaFl ermitf orwardedt o Nextilltv

 NexillityI nspectionF riort o

 $lstenr Filling

 'tffi

 $4.416

 Proi&euro;ctM anagere nruresa ll B)r:Ftscrno mpsnshtsa re

 ln*ralled per plans and submittalr before *ystem ioopr

 are charsed orfilled.

 Go v't lnxpectionsC omplote 10% $4,416

 fopies of Flumbinga nd Finalfn spectionC ards

 fcrnffardetd0 Nextility

 $sten GeneratingE nergy 1s* $4,416

 Photo ef functioning Fump &euro;onrolleitel, and photo of

 BTIJC hannEAl tereen on EmeraldE TUC a{cutator

 rhowing temperatureS ncreasg

 NsxtilityI nspectionP assed&

 Supplier & Subcontrtctor

 Final Lien Waiver{sl

 Cornoleted

 ?5% $11.040

 Nenility Finall nspectionP assed{S eeF inalI nspe&euro;ilotr

 ChEcktirfto r Cnft*rta]e, xecuted" Suppliar&

 SubcontractoFr inalf -ienW aiver{s)a" nd As-Buiits&

 fO&M Manuals forwarded to Nardjlity

 Slstem Optirniaatlon &

 Exhibit B Comoleted

 5% $2,?09

 OptimhationV .rsict ompletea nd 'ExhibitB 'sxocuted

 and returned to Nextiliw

 Forn on fixed-prico,contrac!d$t,a nge* to tha estim*tedp apnenta rnountse
ntareda bovee hallb e adJustedo n the final

 invoice.

 f4t*,160 ($a5?7.6p5e rpanell

 Codreet'or Productivify Incentive:

 Thisp rojCets halloounttowardsa prodpctivririyn centived ascribeda sf ollowsl

 . Fote achc slendarrnon*ri n whkh 100c olarc ollectonrh avep agad
relwamgovernmentb uildingi nrpettiom, - will be

 rwardedflO,O00.

 . For Fctr ctlEndar momh in wfrlch 1 25 solar collsgmru hava pacrsd relavant
governmentbuilding iorpccdon& -$lll b&euro;

 awerded fft Offi.

 r Thr n{fifbg o{ collgttors paidng golrlrnrnent lnspccgons dwing a caloadrr
month wtll be cslculrttd lg a thrac monlh rolllng rvaraga.t

 . This produqtivhy incendw wlll become dqa tp the Cqfllrpctor ona mqn$ afier
the end pd tlre calondlr lhofith in rrhich Sre Contnctor

 'firsgb ths r$Cdired eroductivt$ lqvst of psnsbfstting rrlerram buildkrg
ifiipcction, fnd ir t$bjcctto dFrurrion nr goof falttr.tatffigfi

 gwntr and Corxrattor Orrmet wtll be dre final arbtter ol lnson{ve awird.

 t A "So1pCr ollectoll is deflrred as 40 squaref eet of collectora rea.

 ?T hreen ronthr ulllng averagoi s ealcqlstedb y aummlngt ha numbero f rolar
collector,pEa ssingi nspectionsd uringt he

 monthi n questionw lthr ha numberq f golarc ollEetorsp a$$ingin spectiordr
uringt he precedingm ontha nd tfren umber

 qf colarc ollectomp assingi rispectlond uringt he followingm onthlt hen
dirtidingb y three.monthsA, s an exatnplea,

 calculationfo r tfie month of Junei s shownb elow:

 June Panels *

 contractor/own"r!LlO

 ?. sofrlrf.cf ll{Fo tlrtr- EEtf,EtFtl[lil,firEs

 All communicationasn d noticesr egardingo perationaml atterslo rthis Frojects
hallb e addresgedth e each

 Pa rty's respective r&euro;presa ntrtiv&euro;:

 Coeilmstor

 MirkoO rsllana,P roiec,Mt anager Diractsro f SolarO perations

 811 6A rlingtonB hd,A pt. I 49

 ArlingrtonV A22O42

 703.395&euro;431

 1606e Ott'Streelq{W

 Warhington DC20009

 717-676-1565

 B.HES

 Bye xecutingt his ProioctD escriptionb elow,e achP artya greert o be bound
bytha termsa nd conditionso f the

 InstallationA greementw ith respectt o the Projecqa ss etforth ln this Pr.ojeaD
escription.

 COHTRACfOf,: 6t.r*rtop Canrhrtron' IIC OWII|ER: llrffi, nc.

 By:

 Name:

 Title;

 Date:

 By;

 Narne:

 Title:

 Date: 2015-04-10

 Director of Solar Operations

 Contractor/own*rlf r[

 I

 I

 Supplei r &,S ubcontroctorL ist

 FrrtaMng to dn lutrlhdon F$lHt A fur llOO F St lW

 To: trganfatdftn

 rsandlni Onextility.cmn

 rr"r, Hl,alA . Qrn\ tr,^-

 rn&*$ rn{ttATs$ t4fiEffuaf ' s/1" (arYr

 fnstaffemr ustr et$rnt his comptetedS uppiier& Subcontracfrrlrstwithth e signed
ExhtbitAi n order to receivet he first

 FaymenGt ate.l nsuller is requiredt o list all ruppliersa nd/ors ubcsntradorsfr
orn whon'lt heyw ill purchase$ 5,000"00

 or more in rnaterielsl,a borro r seruicesfo r the abovei istedp roject,

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Emaik

 List Materials or Services Purchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Emaih

 ListM eterialso r ServicesP urchesed;

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Emaih

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchasedr

 Installerc onfirins th6t the above form and the attached form, if
nece&euro;sary,i nclude all companies frorn which they will

 purchase$ 5,000.00o r more in labor,m aterialsa nd/orservicesI,n stallerm ustn
otifoO wnerw 'itha nyu pdaes or

 additions to this list as

 Signed:

 Title:

 Eate:

 -?$r\

 List Materials or Services Purchased;

 Contast; : ouqf ?n\*\\ i

 Conuactor/Ownle r0 /-9-

 I

 i !

 ft

 {

 I

 { t i l $ till{

 i:'E

 i l l f l i

 i l l !

 firiiN

 i n t i i

 ! f

 ! E

 !

 I

 D

 *. t

 a

 1)

 D

 tn

 t

 )

 et

 t

 i i ti t i

 E i

 r l g i

 F i

 Ti ti

 il ti

 il *r I

 $

 Id{

 3a

 I

 ttI

 t

 t

 l t

 1 t i{

 i i

 Et

 lI

 l

 I

 r

 {

 t

 tt

 I

 il

 l

 t

 ttt3i

 I

 qiI

 IIF

 r

 I

 li

 !I

 II+I

 ttII

 I

 I!

 s

 {tI

 *

 *q

 $F

 I

 d

 II

 I

 *c

 I

 q.

 aIt$

 *

 fI

 tI

 rittt

 aIc

 rI

 c

 aII

 t

 II

 t

 l l + r l

 r t C t i

 ar

 I

 Ia

 {xIt

 tII

 r

 III

 a

 E

 $

 st

 EI r $sE

 at

 ,"

 t

 tI

 +5

 5t

 f

 $s

 i art

 *

 It

 u

 tt

 Ir

 t

 tIt

 t

 l.

 It

 tt

 EI

 Ba t!

 ?

 D3

 ID

 a

 I

 rrI

 tI

 r

 t-

 A

 II

 a

 II

 tIF

 IIl

 rt

 t

 I

 Itt

 {t!

 E

 It

 I

 -tt

 i

 9I

 t

 *tf

 Ir

 ettI

 F

 Et

 !

 il

 F

 eI

 I

 q

 f,

 f,

 tI

 a

 t*

 si

 It

 5ri

 *I

 t

 IL

 I

 Et

 r

 a

 III

 I

 B

 9tr

 3t3

 ri

 li

 1t

 *$

 i l !

 13

 {r*I r

 I

 I

 ItI

 fgI

 I

 T

 I

 I

 t

 aII

 I

 t

 I

 I

 $

 t

 I

 I

 3

 iltI

 t

 It

 f

 Et

 q

 arF

 I

 E

 d

 Fa

 {

 f

 I

 3I

 Ft

 $

 *I

 ?

 r

 5

 f

 !

 5

 5

 IT

 g

 iL

 I

 F

 I

 If,

 tI

 f

 F*$

 IIt

 q.

 fr

 I

 IB

 l

 ?I

 E.

 5

 $r

 I

 i

 t

 ttr

 IaI

 t

 il

 g

 tr

 ,rt

 g

 !

 9r

 $r

 3

 T

 lnstrllctlofl of Sdlrr DomG*lG W.t6r liftilng SlEtam

 2100F 5 t NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0052 xF

 !

 t

 1

 o5

 i6

 a

 !l

 P

 l

 J

 GWU - The Dakota

 Instrllrtlono f SolarD omestlWc aterH catlngS wtcm

 !

 = 2100F S t NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0052

 P

 J_

 s*l

 l.rr*

 | ::. ' , ' t r

 rt

 $

 t

 6I

 n

 5

 36" offset)

 o

 r

 o

 E o |!

 - d &lt;

 6 c l . F+ vr 6:

 x

 I

 F

 I

 l,

 s l

 l

 t";/:l -a"1

 p : l

 i 1 i

 l i l

 {t i

 F - '

 I

 68

 Fa 5 q

 8 ;

 B ;

 I E

 ; i J q f

 n a

 o

 l !

 F '

 c t

 t

 $

 \9

 J

 r

 vo

 a

 Fo

 ;

 a

 6WU - The Dakota

 Installstlon of Solar Domestlc Wat&euro;r H&euro;atlng System

 2100F S t NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0052

 PN

 I

 t

 E

 I

 J Z * g

 1 8

 :t

 f

 T

 a

 t

 &

 5

 3

 I

 3

 f|'

 I4

 I

 !*

 1

 I

 q

 -

 t

 8_

 I

 t

 I

 E

 a

 s

 I

 t

 P

 3I

 f,

 {

 c

 E

 t

 a

 E,

 rg=

 ; t

 *$ lr &lt;P

 t i

 9 -

 ! E

 a s

 ; i

 i i

 E ;

 i B

 9 !

 \

 1

 GWU : The Dakota

 Installatlono f SolarD omesthW eterH catlngS ysttm

 2100 F St NW, Washington,DC2O0S2

 E

 9

 I

 !.

 q6

 E

 !x

 1i

 5

 i

 E

 t

 o

 HF

 3E

 , : 5

 o t r

 T F

 E p

 1

 I

 *

 I

 *

 I

 q - t 8

 ! E i E

 iEr { '

 I

 I

 z

 T

 e

 t

 I

 &euro;I

 E

 x

 + c

 t

 I

 9 a * 5; n g - " -

 : F t r

 &gt; l

 &lt; 6

 o r o

 a A 6

 1 * t .

 aq+sg {

 f55

 { { q

 $$E

 8 8

 E$

 d o

 gF

 q

 C

 3o

 !1

 cE$

 BrB8 Fr

 i o

 II

 I

 TE

 E

 i f

 TE

 f t

 s f B r

 e t E* E e

 i$

 Erl I

 i;i i

 ; i !

 t i : :

 II l

 c !

 ! t

 ! t

 I i .

 9 r

 'a

 t ]

 l f :

 I t

 !

 o

 C

 o

 I

 !

 o

 o

 E r s

 r ! B 5Ei

 l l l q

 r r :

 l F i

 s 5

 Io

 so

 $$;

 F i I il f

 5I

 n

 t

 !{=t

 II

 $

 i

 i

 II

 3i

 I

 P

 g

 &euro;

 Fr

 e

 f

 !

 F

 E

 q

 E

 6

 9gI

 l

 !

 s

 I

 I

 q

 -

 I]

 Bt

 6t

 B

 t

 c

 q

 3

 !

 3

 2I

 I

 I,

 I

 LI

 t

 F

 Y

 s

 I

 ?q

 g

 &i

 g

 I

 !

 I

 E.

 F

 *

 e

 f

 I

 q

 L

 a

 (.

 c

 t

 I

 It

 I

 DtI

 $

 l + c ;:e _1 g6

 E f 9 t r q

 953- { s ;

 1

 o

 o

 5

 o

 a

 U

 g

 q i

 - l

 J

 r

 L

 \ / \ /

 GWtl: The Dakota

 **,oTffiffi,k wsterH eantig s ptem

 !A

 z 2100F 5 t NW,W ashingtonD,C 2 0052

 i

 Q r P ^ 3

 =r i g 9

 R E J I E i

 a c ro* 3 f

 t

 I

 Taa

 ttl

 oo

 =r

 |D39r

 3ot

 o

 2

 a

 tt

 ox

 ;E

 x

 c

 EG

 h:

 I

 6

 33

 d'

 t

 o

 @o

 E - (tif3) if 3F"E gH *E

 E F Z , B&euro; F !

 P5 = p tq &gt; T F g

 0

 o o

 r r

 t l L

 a d

 4 d

 ! " 9

 { t

 5 - t l

 9 9

 r E

 r t {

 IE

 s

 a

 I

 I

 z

 3

 I

 F

 I

 F

 g

 I

 I

 :l

 +

 lnstallatlono f Solart lom&euro;stlcW aterH ratlngS ystem

 3

 I9

 *:# : #

 * f f i * q&

 2100F S t NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0052 %d

 9 a

 GOVERNTI,EOI{TF T HED ISTRICOT FC OLUIIBIA

 T}EFARTIIIEiOTTF C OHSUMEARi lD REGULATORAYF FAIRS

 THI RD.PARTY INSPEGTIONC OMPLETIO N CE RTIFICATOI N

 Drte: Ellfil0rt6

 PrufotsionNl ln Ghrrgs

 Thlnl Frrty Anoncy:CAilJAF hapccffon* Aserjcy

 Ghristophrrltt,Gomsltgcen,P.E. lrupsctor LanylF{smrc*

 DCRA Apprcvrl # m{3t0g

 Flrmft t{umber Bl50t?t? fmpoctor BtgnrtrrG ,b*rt, U)el*r"*

 ftofactAd&or 2lO0 F$llW

 Inepmilon Dlrclpltn*: E gtcstaerl fl HumHng flHcctrrnlcrl El Bun{il.ng fl nm
Esprtnkt*r

 lrupcc,$onTyno; ilCrounoWodr EFodng nFourdNton EEm ElRougrr Eerr fgn*r*enon

 E!ftr* ilxycro Exwc tuFFrn$on

 8.qf,r.i6,F grrE[g E+h Flrclqltnq

 fFlrce rul$ ptnft|err uquiibt elaefilceol r plumtilngp .nnit, ltoorl
guFprress&RDenq uhoru echmlcrl parmlg

 (TFFon Sepxre Fonn!

 E&euro;RilFreANOf{

 l, cirhtoplmr W"C qmtht*n, p,,8.p, rofBssional-in-charogfe t he

 thirdp atiy inryertion activitieep erformedb ryt rrry Fnenry*ian

 the pmjd identfigd above, hereby cerfifu and atasfi under

 oafttt hatfie ftrul conditiono f frre@ ngtrucfioratn dinstailatbn

 of tle specifieds copes f saidp mled werei nspecEdu nderm y

 dired zupeMsioni,o ronformAncew itht he cgnstrucfion

 docurnentas pprovsdb y OGRA.

 Thisw tlfic&euro;lion indudsst he dtEciptinet8is teda bove"T he

 inspecnesdy $emea ndlore oneiruciioinE aturesw ere&euro; fiecked

 for @mpliEnowe ithf re aonstruCtiodno srmsntse pprovadb y

 DCRAa nd,i nrny pfdessirrnatWinioanr, p deemedto ba

 ccmpfianat nds ubstantial{cyo mpt&euro;tsd.

 ln ralienc&euro;lh ered, *|e installation/csn$trucfisof. nth s spscited

 smpe at thesep r&euro;misoeiE r eeornnnendetod b BA PPROVED

 for fr|e hgpBrtedd ieo:ptirpsa n{,t hs conBspondinfgin el

 deanancefu CsrlificaG cf Ocerpancyp ul"poaeies

 recrynmeneled,

 Cgrtificdu rdermye eala nds ignafuroen Auguft fi, A0{E

 of Certifcation

 Flml lmpccfon

 Dicc{Elmer

 Tha scopao f this cartificelionia resffictedt o U.las ode

 qnd/or regdaiory cornpiance inspston performed by

 th* lfispoctiona gsrny on behalfo f DCBAa nOp urar*r1

 to provisionss f &e HornegtarRt egulatorylN nFrsvamstlt

 AmendmenAt d af 200e, aodm&euro;da s DG OfficiatC ode.

 20ol EdSlog.rt-

 Tha system andlor csnsirudion feat$rc* $,grB tngpoe*qd

 only for considaneil wiih the appmred pl{dr e{rd tcr

 compHancwai tfi thg minimumr equlrementogf the eodas

 Bnd $gulatlons enbrqed by DCRA. Thh Bdincafion is

 Maile xes$edo riginalc sdificationto :

 Aclministnab- r Tnifttp arty lnspec{ionp rograrn

 Departpento f Consumear nd RagutatarAy ffairs

 11004 n'stsw

 WashingtonD, C2W24

 Signatura Email:W aropsrts"dcre@dgcro. v

 stmH-r*ficl|rrffir*cc|'|Hr

 ffiTffiHfcGffiNIFffi

 TIffiI}PARTY FISPEtrIIOIEI TFTCTF|| C=NilHXT'NOil

 S t,4t266* ffiffitreFmHfiffi Umfrrrrr

 ffirtrstllJF.n,rl - .w*-llilSt|=!!

 5h Erlooosof rprrrFr

 fi{rrf*r- Froofttllu {f

 ttn-r IIHF Efrfr ffi F fffi tr15. ftmr

 Un EIIn: ltrrrhr:*

 ;ffiffi,lHfficElllFFfrn

 Fffi rFil.r,fr rrq;rrl:lrtila Rt

 r!f*fin{qq@*ffi

 rB-lartrnilli-

 -----

 -crqEEEE3Eqr

 I-.lqJIB--EDE

 ffifir-.,m'.rnnrqnh# !r|Ji!Of6

 ffrJr;rdln

 ffiE

 !n!!!?:l!Fffi!r#!r** llF tr|lht e tuD

 dFEt

 q ' i l q r r - b

 -GE-=rE--

 dqlktE!l'4El

 IEEIlCl--ft

 - . a E | - E r I

 rI--rEErrr

 I - 3 8 t s 8 rrr#"

 t ffiHErn

 rbed&.

 nf sfldt.

 GOVERIITIIENOTF THED ISTRICTO F COLUINBIA

 BEPARTf,IEIIIOTF COiISUIIERA ND REGUI-ATORAYF FAIR$

 THIRD-PARTY INSPECTION COMPLETION CERTIFIGATION

 Ilrte: t&llI0l5 TMrd Farty Agpncy: tsAlfJAF Incpccttene Agancy

 Frcllrllonrf ln Gh:rge Ghri*lopherW. Cornaffsaenp, .E. lnapector Ln*ylrVhrnyrr

 Pa.rmltl{umbor F!507828.. Incfetor$gnrtufr

 Prolcst Addrurs

 OSRA Appmnl * A0{$tgS

 lmpec{onDdi:clpltnc[:E nc$tcrl Enlumning f,Jnecn**srt flButHing flR,u flsp*nmar


 lnepartlotType: Elorsryngwot* ElFoomngf frouno*ion Eflao .BRou,ghfl ere
filnsuhdon

 Erinrt Elttycro Ettqoo $upprsrisr

 Qpoarrte Form gg Each Dieciotine

 {Flre end Sprlnthr roquln* electricel orplummng permlt, t{Oo{t Suppe$slon
Raqutc* ilashentcrf p66rdtl

 ITPF onS6p|rrlo Forml

 CEHNHCA1IOTI

 dscumentsry prcwd hy DCRA.

 Thisc artificaUoinn dudesthed [sciginesll steda bwe; The

 irupec'ted&euro; y$tsfrlsa nd/orc ongtrucfiofne aturesu ere cfleckad

 fqcomplfancew itr|t hscanstrudiond ocumenha pprovedb y

 DCRAf id, in my profesa{onaolp iniona, re deemedf tob e

 complienet nd subsfftia[y comptded_

 ln mliancet hereof,t he in$tallationlconstructioofn lt re spacifiad

 scopea t thesep remiseais rB@mmpndstdo be AppROVgD

 ry tha inspeetBrds 8ciplinoas rd the correepondinfgin al

 dearancof or Csrtificateo f Occupancyp urposesir

 &mmrnerded"

 Certifi&euro;du nderrnys eala nd signaturco n *ugqEt 6, i0f$

 Ftnrl lrepocton

 Disddmar

 Maile xeqllsd originals srtiftceiionb :

 AdrninisttEtb*r Thirdp arty Inspe{*ionp rogram

 Departmenot f Consumear nd Rsguleiofy,4ffa{ns

 1100 4'h $ SW

 ll\tashinEtonO, C? 0044

 Signature Email:S iareportsc. tcr?r@dgoq.u

 1$ CI$M d&'hnd Sfte Slff trf H tP'l

 ;$d*rhin$fieFr

 : }/lt|1r,$0q4rn${sq{rf, sgr$il

 fl-{.:0 t5

 Pt 507h2tl

 t*$t?33

 ffifiro$3fil

 Solar PIV *y*tcm

 ilurXrrotip'Ess oorf

 sffil,lJI-*",s"

 Octobe7r .2015

 CommissionS ecretary

 PublicS erviceC ommissiono f the District of Columbia

 1325 G St NW #800

 WashingtonD, C 20005

 DearC ommissionS ecretary,

 Enclosed please find 8 applications on behalf of our customers to

 register their systems as qualified solar renewable energy facilities in

 the District of Columbiap ursuant o Chapter2 9 of Title 15 of the District of
ColumbiaM unicipal Regulations(t he "RPS

 Rules").

 Enclosed please find 8 applications on behalf of our customers. These include
the following facilities ("Sol Systems

 Customers"):

 I Lovera- Patricia- DC-PV-4.83kWR esidence

 2. Kapur-Anil-DC-PV-8I .7 5kW Residence

 Westenberse-Rr obert- DC-PV-9I. 56kw Residence

 4. Zviniene-Asta-Dc-Pv-4.25kwR esidence

 5 . Frank-Jame-sD C-PV-3.924kwR esidence

 6. GCP - Next ity l, LLc -Dc-sT-l.62lkw Facility*

 7. GCP - Next itv l. LLC -DC-STr7.849kFwa ciliW*

 8. Waxman-Aaron-DC-PV-2.5kRwe sidence

 :r ncludesA ffrdavit of EnvironmentaCl omnlianceb ecauseth e ratedc apaciwi s
erreatethr an l0kW

 We thank you for your time and we look forward to hearing from you.

 Sincerely,

 Bridget Callahan

 SRECO perationsA nalyst

 Sol SystemsL, LC

 (202) 448-7643

 bridgetc. allahan@solsystemscompcaonmy.

 DC PSCI nter-OfficeU se

 Name:

 RPS #:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

