
DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia has issued
the following document:



 t

 " f

 1.

 APPLICATION FOR CERTIFICATION AS AN ELIGIBLE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 RENEWABLE ENERGY STANDARDS GENERATING FACILITY

 Nameo f RenewableE nergyF acility: GCP- Nextility

 Facility Address:

 l711 MassachusetAtsv e NW

 WashingtonD, C 20036

 ORISPL Plant Code:



 Name of Owner: GCP -Nextility 1, LLC

 Owner'sa ddressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 1606 20th st Nw

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 Phone: 202-719-5297

 Fax:

 Email : srecs@nextility.com

 Name of Operator Zachary Axelrod

 Operator'sa ddressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 1606 2Uh St NW

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 Phone: 202-719-5297

 Fax:

 Email: srecs@nextility.com

 Nameo f ContactP ersonB: ridgetC allahan

 ContactP ersonT itle, addressa ndc ontacti nformation:

 SRECO perationsA nalyst

 1718C onnecticuAt ve,N W, Suite3 00

 Washington, DC 20009

 Phone: (202) 448-7643

 Fax:

 Email : bridget@solsystemscompany.com

 I, LLC -DC-ST-78. 49kwF acility

 F

 42

 qtr

 c") .A

 t@

 2.

 "n

 :,. J

 ' : . r

 P E"fl

 ;

 E

 J .

 4.

 5.

 6.

 Location of Resource:

 XWithin GeographicA rea of PJM InterconnectionL,. L.C.

 ! Other (specifu):

 Fuel Types (Check all that are Applicable; see Notes for Additional
Definitions)

 Tier I

 XSolar Energy

 Descriptiono f system- includingt ype of application( e.g.p hotovoltaico r

 thermal),m anufacturer/supplierm, odel name/numbers, ystemo rientation( ilt and


 azimuth) and type of meter (including model name/number):

 Type: ST

 ModuleM anufacturearn dM odel:H eliodvne& GOBI4l0 001

 Number of Modules: 43

 Module Power Rating (watts):N/A

 Tilt and Azimuth: 30 & 180

 Type of Meter: OIML Certified Meter

 Meter Manufacturer and Model Number: iSTEC & 5202

 SRCC OG 100 Module Number 20101l5A

 trWind

 trQualiffing Biomass

 nMethane from the anaerobicd ecompositiono f organicm aterialsin a landfill or

 wastewatertr eatmentp lant

 DGeothermal

 EOcean,i ncludinge nergyf rom waves,t ides,c urrents& thermald ifferences

 DFuel Cellsp roducinge lectricityf rom qualifyingb iomasso r methanea sd
esuibed

 above

 Tier II

 EHydroelecftic Power other than Pumped Storage

 EWaste-to-Energy

 7. RatedC apacity: I19.0 KW (or estimateda nnualo utputs f 142,824.5k Wh)

 Other( speciff): 43 panels* 365d ays* 9.1k Wt/day = 142,824.k5W h

 If multiple fuel sourcesa reu tilized,a ttacht he formulaf or computingt he
proportiono f

 output per fuel type by MWh (or kWh) generated.

 9.

 10.

 OperationaSl tartD ate: 9llll20l5 (or dateo f approvedin terconnectiown ith
PEPCO,i f

 appropriateP) leasen otet hat this datei s afteri nspectiond ated uet o a lag
between

 installationa ndt he saleo f the project

 If co-firing with fossil fuels, co-fire start date: I I

 If co-firing with fossil fuels,s ubmitt he allocationf ormulat hat indicatesth
e

 facility's annualp ercentagoef electricityp roductionf rom fossil fuels.

 Is the facility a behind-the-mete(Br TM) generator?

 XYes (answer (a) below)

 flNo

 (a) Is net metering used? XYes lNo

 As of the date of this Application, is the facility currently certified by
another state as an

 eligible generationre sourceto meett he renewablep ortfolio standardso f that
state?

 nYes XNo

 Name of State:

 State Certification Agency :

 StateC ertificationN umber:

 Date Issued:

 RequiredD ocumentationto be Attached:

 XCunent Certificateo f GoodS tandingi,f applicablei,s suedb y the statei n
which the

 businessw asf ormed

 nOne copy of U.S. Departmenot f Energy,E nergyI nformationA dministrationF orm
EIA-

 860,i f ratedc apacityis &gt; 1.0M W

 XCertificateo f Authoization to ConductB usinessin the District of Columbia.i f


 applicable

 XAffidavit of General Compliance

 XAffidavit of EnvironmentaCl ompliancei,f the ratedc apacityi s greatert han
l0kw

 EDocumentationo f authorityt o signo n behalfo f Applicant

 Xlnterconnectiona pproval etterf rom PEPCO,i f applicable

 XDocumentationth at the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiasl olarh eating,c
ooling,o r process

 heatp ropertys ystemsp roducingo r displacingg reatert han 10,000k ilowatt
hoursp er year

 is determinedb y an on-sitee nergym etert hat meetsp erformances tandardse
stablishedb y

 the lntemationalO rganizationo f LegalM ehology (OIML) andt he solarc
ollectorsu sed

 havea OG-l00 certificationf rom the SolarR atinga ndC ertifrcationC orporation(
SRCC),

 if applicable

 lDocumentation that the energyo utputo f the nonresidentiasl olarh eating,c
ooling,o r process

 heatp ropertys ystemsp roducingo r displacing1 0,000,o r less,k ilowatt-hoursp
er yeari s

 determinedb y the SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocola
pplicable

 to the property or by an onsitee nergym etert hat meetsp erformances tandardse
stablished

 by OIML andt he solarc ollectorsu sedh avea OG-l00 certificationf rom SRCC,i f

 applicable

 EDocumentationth at the residentiasl olart hermals ysteme nergyo utputi s
determinedb y the

 SRCCO G-300a nnuals ystemp erformancera tingp rotocolo r by an onsitee nergym
eter

 that meetsp erformances tandardes stablishebdy OIML andt he solarc ollectorsu
sedh ave

 a OG-100 certification from SRCC, if applicable

 Under penaltyo f perjury, the undersignedh erebya ffirms that he/shei s
authorizedt o and hereby

 doesm aket his Applicationf or the Applicar-rat ndt hat basedu ponp ersonakl
nowledgea nd

 information the contents of this Application are true.

 I0l7l20l5 BridgetC allahanS, RECO perations

 Date Printed Name and Title

 Notes:

 1)" Solare nergy"m eansr adiante nergy,d irect,d iffuse,o r reflected,r
eceivedf rom the suna t

 wavelengths uitablef or conversionin to thermal,c hemical,o r electricale
nergy,t hat is collected,

 generatedo,r storedf or usea t a latert ime.

 2) "Qualiffing biomass"m eansa solid,n onhazardousc,e llulosicw astem aterialt
hat is

 segregatedfr om other wastem aterials,a nd is derivedf rom any of the following
forest related

 resourcesw, ith the exceptiono f old growtht imber,u nsegregatesdo lid waste,o
r postc onsumer

 wastepaper:

 (A) Mill residue;

 (B) Precommerciaslo ft woodt hinning;

 (C) Slash;

 (D) Brush;

 (E) Yard waste;

 (F) A waste pallet, crate, or dunnage; -.

 (G) Agriculturals ourcesin cludingt reec rops,v ineyardm aterialsg, rain,

 legumess, ugar,a ndo therc rop by-productso r residueso; r ,

 (H) Co-fired biomass.

 AFF'IDAVIT OF' GENERAL COMPLIAIICE

 State of DC

 : ss.

 County of Washington :

 BrideetC allahanA, ffiant, beingd uly sworn/affirmeda ccordingto law, deposesa
nds ayst hat:

 He/sheis the Associate( Officer/AffranDo f GCP- Nextilitv 1. LLC (Nameo f
Applicant);

 That he/she is authorized to and does make this aflidavit for said Applicant.

 That the Applicant herein certifies to the Commission under penalty of perjury
that:

 The Applicant acknowledgesth at any changei n compliances tatusc onstitutesa
changeo f

 information,n oticeo f which by Applicanti s requiredt o be filed with the
Public Service

 Commissionim mediately.

 The Applicant further certifies that he/she has personally examined and is
familiar with all

 information containedi n the foregoinga pplication,i ncluding any attachmentsa
nd appendices,

 and further certifies that information to be true, correct, and complete.

 Swoma nd SubscribedB eforeM e this 7 davo f October2 015.

 Otstlctd0dnSla: SS

 myo anrl*r odrs SePmOetlr' APo'

 AFF'IDAVIT OF ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE

 Nameo f RenewablEe nergyF acility( "Facility"):G CP- Nextility I,LLC
-DC-ST-7.849kw

 Facility

 Facility address:

 l7l I MassachusetAtsv e NW

 Washington, DC 20036

 Renewablere sourceu sed:S olart hermal

 Contact person for the facility ("Contact") - include narne, address (if
different from above),

 phone number, and e-mail address:

 Zachary Axelrod

 1606 20rh st Nw

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 202-7t9-5297

 srecs@nextility.com

 Confirmationo f Complianceo r Non-Compliancew ith EnvironmentaRl equirements

 (Check either (a) or (b)):

 X(a) The Facility compliesw ith all applicables tatea ndf ederale
nvironmentarle quirementso

 includingo btainingo r renewinga ll applicables tatea ndf ederale nvironmentapl
ermits. In

 addition,t his Facility hasn ot experienceda ny major environmentavl iolationsd
uringt he

 precedingy ear.

 n(b) The Facility doesn ot complyw ith all applicables tatea ndf ederale
nvironmental

 requirements.

 Major environmentavl iolations( Checke ither( a) or (b)):

 tr(a) The Facility hasn ot experienceda ny major environmentavl iolationsd
uringt he preceding

 year.

 n@) The Facility hase xperienceda major environmentavl iolationd uringt he
precedingy ear.

 r:, r f " ' r ' . ra'

 Pleaseli st all Federala nd StateE nvironmentaPl ermitsf or the facility,
including permit number,

 datea uthorizede, xpirationd ate,a nd agencyc ontact.

 Permit Type PermitNumber Date Authorized Expiration Date Agency Contact

 BridgetC allahan(, Narneo f Officer/Affiant),b eingd uly sworn/affrrmeda
ccordingto law,

 deposesa nds ayst hat:

 He/sheis theA ssociateo f GCP- Nextility l, LLC -DC-ST-7.849kwFa cility

 Thath e/sheis authorizedto andd oesm aket his affidavit for saidF acility.

 ThatB ridgetC allahanh ereinc ertifiest o the PublicS erviceC ommissiono f the
District of

 Colurnbia under penalty of perjury that:

 The Officer/Affrant acknowledgesth at any changei n compliances tatusc
onstitutesa

 change of information, notice of which by Officer/Affiant is required to be
filed with the Public

 ServiceC ommissionim mediately.

 The Officer/Affiant frrther certifies that he/she has personally examined and
is familiar

 with all foregoingi nformation,i ncluding any attachmentas nd appendicesa, nd
further certifies

 that informationt o be true,c orreot,a ndc omplete.

 Sworna nd SubscribedB eforeM e this 7fr Dav of October2 015

 n*v**,&lt;\ tVk ,r"^1.a3 0 ,J 1t-C

 DbUlc{dColurnbfaS S

 It|obty

 Mv Commission

 My oorn{don elplrs Se@fiter d)' 2O20'

 SCHEDULEA

 Gcncrator Ourncrus Conscnt

 The undersignedo, n behalf of the GeneratorO wnerG CP - Ncxtlllty 1, LLC t,
representst o PJME nvironmentaIln formationS ervices,I nc.

 ("ElS"t)h at:

 1. l/we am/aret he GeneratorO wnerw ho holdsl egalt itle to the GeneratingU
nit(s)d esignatedb elgw,

 2. lAvet he GeneratorO wner,( checko ne)

 InereOy grant authoritya nd permissionto AccountH older,S olS ystems,L LC2t o
createa nd trade all Certificatesa ssociatedw ith the

 followingG eneratingU nit(s),w hichC ertificatass hallq lsob e registeredto the
GATSa ccgunt(so) fthe AccountH older,

 !nerebV electt o createa nd trade all Certlflcatea ssoclatedw lth the
followlngG eneratingU nlt(s)w ithln my own GATSa ccount,

 3, lftve the GeneratorO wnerf urther representst hat l/we have ngt grant&euro;d
similar authority or permisslont o Bny other subscrlbero r

 account holder for use in the GATS or any similar system,

 4. Uwe,t he GeneratgrO wner,u nderstandth at this Consents upersedesa ny and
all Consentsth at have been submlttedp rior ta the date

 specifiedh ereln,A ny ond all priorC onsentsw ill be conslderedn ull and void
and the asslEnm&euro;not f rlghtst erminated,

 5. The asslgnment of rightg that occurs within this Consent dees not absolve
the Gen&euro;rator Owner from upholding any contractual

 obligatlonsth at exista utsideg f GATS.

 6. By executingt his Consent,t he GeneratlonO wner representsi t does not have
any contractualo bllgationst hat would precludet he

 executiono f this Consent.

 Zachary Axelrod

 President

 2015-09-14

 m@vsffixM $

 Name:

 Title:

 Date:

 Sol Systems, LLC

 PageT ol7

 GcnGratlng Unlt N.m&euro; end Addrcss

 Optlonal: lGencrrtlng Unlt Slz./Syrtan Slzal

 PIM iISET lDg EIA Pl.nt CodG and Goncrator ldentlflcr (ac

 rppllcablrI

 GCP- Nextility1 , LLC- DC-ST-7.849kFwa cility

 1711M assachusettAsv e NW,W ashingtonD, C2 0036

 7,849 kW (or equivalent)

 Dlrcctlons for Gcncrator Ownc/s ConsGnt

 All Informatlon on thls Goncrutor Owncdr Con3cnt muit bG tyrpcd or ncatly
prlntcd In bluc or black Ink as follows:

 l. Filli n the GeneratorO wner'sf ull legaln ame,i .e.A BCD omesticE nergyC
ompany,I nc.

 2. Filli ntheAccountHolder'sfullel galn ame,i.e.ABCDomesticEnergyCompalnncy,,

 3. lf GeneratorO wneri s a corporationp, artnershipo r other legale ntity,t his
Consentm ust be executedb y a companyo fficero f the

 GeneratorO wner,l f GeneratorO wneri s an individualt,h is Consentm ust be
executedb y the individual,

 4. Returnt he original,c ompletedC onsent o:

 GATS Admlnlstr.tor

 c/o PIM Envlronm.ntal Informatlon Scn lcGs t

 lnc., 9S5 rCftanlon Avanu. '' ; y

 Norrl3town, PA 19403-2497

 ilt|| ilitl litl ililil1rililili|li tlili illiillitlilltt|] |i ll tililtlftfiil
lilIt

 d{*&

 ffi oFrHE

 DI$TRICOT FCOLUMEIA

 trrtu*etgoWsMera,y or

 Departmenta f Consunngarn d RggulatoryA f-fairs

 BusinesLsi censDe ivision

 liso 46 Street 5.w.

 WashingtonD c I0u34

 Sstelcsriedt 03/1212015

 Category: 4003

 Lisense#; 400315901845

 LicensFe erind:0 3/01/201S0e/2812Q17

 Bitling Neme and Address:

 GCP-NEXTILIW 1, LLC

 FROOKE SHEPPARD

 1606 20TH ST Nw,

 WA$HINGTON,

 DC 20009

 FremiselApplication'lsr larnea nd gddiCgsr

 GCP-NEXTILI1T,YL L C

 116026O THS YREETN \AI;

 wnsnrNeroNi

 DC 20009

 RegisteredA gent'sN amea nd Address:

 GCP-NEXTILIT1Y. LLC

 ZACHARYMELROD

 1749T ST NW,

 #APT 1

 WASH|NGTON,'D2CO OO9

 Owner'Nsa me

 fibrp.N ame GCP-Nerdility1., LLC

 trade trtarfie

 i ctns:

 i coto/HoCprO: 13024ll : ssL:$693

 GeneraBl usinpg-s G eneraBl usinesLs icenses

 THEL AW REQUIRETSI .JISL ICINS{T O B[ I]OSTFDIh JA CONSPICUOUPSL ACEO N TFIEP
REMISES_

 Inter i rnD i rectorM: el indaB ol l ing

 *LinenseF ffectiuefr ornt he tatero f lssuedn r Starto f Liienie-PeriodD ate

 lJ nit{s}

 * 1 * *

 tlcovernment of the Districto f Golumbia

 GERTIFICATOE F CLEANH ANDS

 GCP.NEXTILIT1Y, LLC

 NOA DDRESSO N FILE

 NA, NA OOOOO

 EIN : *****3733

 As reported in the Gitywide Clean Hands sys,fgqi'tfie above referenced

 individual or entity has no outstandingo,.l{a$illtwYi th the District of

 Columbia. As of the date herein,y ou ha4tqc.o, mpliedw ith the followlng

 official DC code and therefore are'.isaUed this Certificate of Clean

 Hands. ,t,,.,, .,.

 .) ,,, ,,,,,

 TITLE4 7.T MATION,L ICEN$INGP, ERMITSA, SSESSMENTASN D FEES

 CHAP,.TE2R8 . GENERALL ICENSEL AW

 SUBCHAPTERII. C EEANfI ANDSB EFORER ECEIVINGA LICENSEO R PERMIT

 ;u

 ''' ^ i. Code 847-2862(2000)

 S 47"280?.P r:ohibitioang ainsti ssuanceo f licenseo r permit.

 . :,|ttil.t .,

 Authorized By Bobby Tueker

 Chief Collection Dlvision

 Tracking#:@!

 Date: Tuesdav this 12th dav of Mav 2015 01:46 PM

 This document is a certified, complote and tue copy

 t7 t l /1ass Aru-

 CERTIF]EDS OLARC OLLECTOR

 SUPPLIER:

 Heliodyne,lr rc.

 4910S eaoorAt venue

 RichmondC. A 94804U SA

 www.heliodyne.com

 In Accordancew ith:

 BRAND:

 MODEL:

 GOBI

 410 001

 COLLECTORTY PE: GlazedF latP late

 GERTIFICATION#: 2010115A

 OriginaCl ertification: March2 8, 2011

 ExpirationD ate: February'1 6,2023

 The solarc ollectolri stedb elowh as beene valuatedb y the SolarR ating&
CertificatioCn orporationil( SRCCil),a n ISO/IEC1 7065a ccrediteda nd EPA

 recognizedC ertificationB ody,i n accordancew ith SRCCO G-100,O peratingG
uidelinesa nd MinimumS tiandardfso r Cefifying SolarC ollectorsa, nd has
b&euro;en

 certifiedb y th6 SRCC.T his awardo f certificationis subj&euro;ctt o all
t&euro;rmsa nd conditionso f the ProgramA greom&euro;nat nd the docum&euro;ntsin
corporatedth ereinb y

 referenceT. his documentm ustb e reproducedin its entire$.

 REMARKS:

 #ei^NWrr-"

 PrintD ate:J anuary2, 015P age1 of 3

 Pleasev eri! certificatioins activeo n the SRCCw ebsite.

 @S olarR ating& CertificatioCn orporationil

 COLLECTORT HERMALP ERFORI',ANCER ATING

 Klldrat+orJlr (themal) PcrPanol P&euro;r Day Thousandost BfuP &euro;rP anaPl
erD ay

 -Climate -&gt; High Radiation

 (6.3 kwh/m'z.day)

 Medium Radiation

 (4.7 kWh/rn'z.day)

 Low Radiation

 (3.1 kwh/m,.day)

 Climate -&gt; High Radiation

 (2000 Btu/ft'.day)

 Medium Radiation

 (1500 Btu/ft'a.day)

 Low Radiatlon

 Cat6gory (1000B tu/fr'z.day)

 CIi-Ta)

 Category

 [Ii-Ta)

 A G5'c) 't6.9 12.8 8.7 A Ge'F) 57.6 43.5 29.5

 B (5'c) '15.4 11.2 7.1 B (s'F) 52.4 38.4 24.4

 c (20'c) 13.1 9.1 5.1 c (36'F) 44.7 30.9 17.3

 D (50'C) 9.0 5.2 't.7 D (90'F) 30.7 17.7 5.7

 E (80'C) 5.3 2.1 0.0 E (1.14'F) 18.2 7.0 0.0

 A- PoolH eating( WarmC limate)B - PoolH eating( CoolC limate)G WaterH eating(
WarmC limate)

 D' Space& WaterH eating( CoolC limate)E - CommerciaHl otW ater& Gooling

 COTLECTORSP ECIFICATIONS

 GlasArea: 3.732m2 40.17tr DryWelght: 44 ko 96 tb

 NetApaftJEAtaa: 3.468 mz 37.33 ff Fluld Caoacftv: 5.1 liter 1.3 gal

 AbsorberArea: 3.438m ? 37.01ff TestR pssur&euro;: 1103k Pa 160p si

 TECHNICALIN FORi/IAT|ON TestedI n accordancew itt: ISO9 806:1994

 ISO Efidency Equatbn [NOTE: Based on gross area and (P)=Ti-Ta]

 SI UNITS: n= 0.750- 3.68570(P/G- )0 .005s0(P?G) Y lnfrercsot 0.752 Slope: 4.023
Wmz.'C

 IP UNITS: n= 0.750- 0.64958(P/G-) 0 .00054(P?G) Y lntorcoDt o.752 Sbpe: {.709
Btu/hr.fF.'F

 Inddent Anole Modlfier Teet Fluld: Water

 0 1 0 20 30 40 50 60 70 Teet MairsF lw Rate: 0.0222k s/(sm ') I 16.40l b(hr ff)


 Krs 1.00 0.99 0.99 0.97 0.93 0.84 0.53 lmDact Ssf&euro;tv Rauno: 1'l

 1) 821-0910

 TechnicaDl irector

 o 400H ishP ointD riveS, uite4 00t ) CocoaF, lorida3 2926a (321)2 1&6037a Fax

 SUPPLIER:

 Hcllodyne, Ine

 4910S caporAt venue

 RichmondC, A 94804U SA

 www.heliodyne.com

 In Accordancew ith:

 CERTI FIED SOIIR @I,IEGTOR

 BRANDI cOBl

 MODEL: 410001

 COLLECTORTY PE: GlezedF IstP lete

 CERTIFICATION#2: 010115A

 OriginaCl ertiflcation:M arch28,2011

 ExpirationD ate: February1 6,2023

 The solarc ollectorli stedb elowh as beene valuatedb y the SolarR ating&
CertificatioCn orporationr(uS RCCT'Ja),n ISO/IEC1 7065a ccredited

 and EPAr eeognlzedC ertificaUoBno dy,i n accordancew ith SRCCO G-lOOO,
poretingG uidelinesa nd MinlmurnS tandardsfo r Certifyhgg olar

 Colloctorsa, nd has bcenG &euro;rtlfiedb y tho SRCC.T hisa wardo f
certificstionis subjoct o all termsa ndc onditioneo f the ProgremA gr6emenat nd

 the documantsIn corporatetdh &euro;reinb y r6forenceT. hisd ocumenmt ustb e
reproducedin itg eritirety.

 solrR corr-EcTocRo NsrRudofl ND ErAtLs

 GrcrgL cmtr: I g.oagm GrodaW ldtr: 1.208m lOrulledr: 70.000m m

 COIIECTORMATERIALS

 OuhrCoven Glass eheet Endqrre back Aumlnum Bed&lt; lnaieton: Foam, None

 InnerC ovor: None Encloeuns lile: Alumlnum Sldr lnsuldon: . Foam,N one

 AbcstterDcedptonl Tubesc onnectedto SingleS heet Flowffin: Parellel/Harp

 RlrotTubr Copper Fln: Alumihum

 AbcorboGr oa0ng: Selective Tubeblln (finc.ilon Other

 PrintD ate:J anuery2, 015P age2 of 3

 Ploasev eriff certificatioins activeo n the SRCCw eb6ite.

 @S olarR ating& GertificdtioCn orporatlonil

 Atr)DffiOl{ALIN FORMAflON(c lickh eret o retumt o the ratingp age)

 T&euro;stL ab: PacificE nergyT estino,L LC TestD ate: February1 6,201'l

 Test Roport Number: 1 1-2010-002 Test Locatlon: outdoorB

 OLAANG OubrCo\nr InncrGolcr

 ltlrtadal: Gless eheet None

 Surfru Cluncledrtbr: Textured

 Thlclataos: 4.0 mm N/A

 Truffilldrdu High( equatlo or greetetrh an9 0%)

 !!!s: - 3.048 m

 mfri: 1.16m8

 TubcG Hm b itcrOorEndorureS eal; EPDMg askot

 ABSIOREER AbcodcrGoetn$ lsetective

 Heed.rlltrftl: Copper HeadrOD: 28.6 mm HeadcrWdl: 0.9 mm

 RharTube Matcdd: Copper RbefTuboO D! 10.0m m RbarTubeWall

 Thldcrocs:

 0.8 mm

 FlnMahhl: Alumlnum Flnlltklafis: 0.51mm

 O4 00P lishP oint Suite4 00| GocoaF, lorida3 2926| (321)2 13"603O7 Fax 821-0910


 SUPPLIER:

 Hello4me, Inc.

 4910S eaporAt venue

 RichmondC, A 94804U SA

 www.heliodyne.com

 In Accordancew ith;

 CERI]FIED SOI-AR @I.IECTOR

 BRAND: GOBI

 MODEL: 410001

 COLLECTORTY PE: GiazedF latP late

 CERTIFICATION#2: 010115A

 OriginaCl ertification: March2 8, 2011

 ExpirationD ate: February1 6,2023

 The solarc ollectorli stedb elowh as beene valuatedb y the SolarR ating&
CertificatioCn orporationil( SRCCrr')a, n ISO/IEC1 7065a ccredited

 andE PAr ecognizeCd ertificatioBno dy,i n accordancwei thS RCCO G-100O,
peratingG uidelineasn dM inimumS tandardfso r CertifyinSg olar

 Collectorsa, nd has beenc ertifiedb y the SRCC.T hisa wardo f certificationis
subject o all termsa ndc onditionso f the ProgramA greemenat nd

 the documentsin corporatetdh ereinb y referenceT. hisd ocumenmt ustb e
reproducedin its entirety.

 PrintD ate:J anuary2, 015P age3 of 3

 Pleasev erifoc ertificationis activeo n the SRCCw ebsite.

 @ Solar Rating & Ceilification Corporationil

 O 400 High Point Drive, Suite 400 O Cocoa, Florida 32926 a (321) 21&6037 a Fax

 Flow ffirn: Parallel/Harp

 Numberof Rleer

 Tube:

 1 1 TubeS@ng: 103.0m m Numberdtmc

 eecfi dsercluse

 theabeotber:

 I

 tsngth of Flow Paft: 2.95 m Rlserb Fln/FlS

 Bond:

 Other

 INSUIATION:

 tocadon Tpe Thlclspss Locaton Twe Thlclste$

 Bad&lt;-Top l-ayen Foam 32.0 mm Slde - Inner l-ayrn Foam 25.0 mm

 Bed(-Bo(bm L*tr: None Sldee-otftrlaYec None

 Endculo Faslenlm Meftods: Screws

 Po*or OuSrt pcr Collecto(tV)

 lTl-'Ta,G = 10fl)W irf I

 0 10 30 60 70

 2798 2658 2367 2059 1 73s

 PRESSURE DROP

 Fbw AP Flow AP

 mUs Pa cPnl ln lLO

 20 17 0.32 0.1

 50 93 0.79 0.4

 80 232 1.27 0.9

 821-0910

 Sigora Solar

 292Rae Ave.B uilding3

 WaynesboroV, A 22980 US

 (540)949-6553

 teni.thompson@sigorasola@r.m

 INVOICE

 BILL TO

 NextilitvM assachusettsA ve.

 1606 20th Street NW, 2nd Flaor

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 W'fw

 fNVOfCE # 141',1

 DATE 09/10/2015

 DUE DATE 1OI1OI2O15

 TERMS Net30

 Govt lnspections Gate 3

 Massachusetts

 10o/o

 Gommercial Solar Thermal System Installation

 Installationa t * ftF.NW'

 0.10 173,000.00 17,300.00

 BALANCED UE $17,300.00

 Sigora Solar

 292RaenA ve.B uildins3

 WaynesboroV,A 22990U S

 (540)949&euro;5s3

 teni.thompson@sigorascoolamr

 INVOICE

 BILL TO

 NextilityM assachuseftAs ve.

 1606 20th Sheet NW,2nd Floor

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 f NVOfCE # 1412

 DATE 09/10/2015

 DUE DATE 1OI1OI2O15

 TERMS Net30

 System Gete 4

 Generating

 Massachusetts

 1OYo

 Gommercial Solar Thermal System Installation

 SystemG eneratingE nergy- BostonH ouse

 0.10 173,000,00 17,300.00

 BALANCED UE $17,300.00

 Sigora Solar

 292 RaceA ve.B uilding3

 WaynesboroV, A 22980U S

 (540)949-6553

 terri.thompson@sigorasolar'com

 INVOICE

 BILL TO

 NextilityM assachusettsA ve.

 1606 20th Street NW, 2nd Floor

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 fNVOIC#E 1413

 DATE 08/06/2015

 DUE DATE 09/05/2015

 TERMS Net30

 Nextility Insp. Gate 5

 Massachusetts

 25o/o

 Gommercial Solar Thermal System lnstallation

 lnstaffatioant 1711M assachuseftAsv e.N W

 173,000.00

 BALANCED UE $43,250.00

 l " \ , \

 Sigora Solar

 292R aceA ve.B uilding3

 WaynesboroV,A 22980U S

 (540)9496553

 teni.thompson@sigorasolar.oom

 INVOICE

 BILL TO

 NextilityM assachusetAtsv e.

 16062 0thS treeNt W,2ndF loor

 WashingtonD, C 20009

 fNVO|CE # 1414

 DATE 09/10/2015

 DUE DATE 1OI1OI2O15

 TERMS Net30

 System Optim. Gato 6

 Massaciusetts

 5%

 GommerciaSl olarT hermalS yetemI nstallation

 lnstallatioant 1711M assachusefAtsv e.N W

 0.05 173,000.00 8,650.00

 BALANCED UE $8,650.00

 z==;

 v f

 / t z - \

 Xor &gt;+ = &euro;-

 a

 r--l

 ..\

 (O

 O

 +

 Ol

 +X

 ----l

 --l

 l

 Xi

 " r : : i ' r : ] -,, r-. - * . .

 :i ? i

 . . i - . r

 .

 o.,,&euro;

 F 6

 ',.' l

 mq)

 C)ao

 Ic

 &gt;= z\

 ou)

 r

 m

 zoz

 mmT

 zo!

 za

 Zi

 ---l r &gt;r

 an r

 (t

 Tr

 m

 A

 m

 o:r

 Boston House

 INSTALLATIOONF SOLARW ATERH EATINGS YSTEM

 \ / l

 IF

 N 1711M os sochuset tAsv e NW,W oshinqtonD, C 20036

 I

 I

 II

 II

 T

 U

 5

 th t,

 aT

 g,I

 t

 T

 $If

 T

 T

 II

 I

 TIfI

 rtI

 II

 f;Ft

 F

 tIII

 Pr

 1

 Il,

 I

 fI

 III

 ta

 I

 tII

 a

 I

 1

 f

 P!

 T$

 t t t I

 I

 a

 I

 I

 t tli

 I I I I

 rltl tl I

 I t I ni

 t I F

 I

 tI rl

 I J ,t

 tt

 t tt

 tI

 a a I rl

 ilil;I:I

 ll

 E

 s

 fl I I

 II

 et

 6'

 I

 t

 "s

 I

 c

 I5

 Fs

 9

 I

 gI

 -It

 r

 F

 1[

 f5

 g6

 r

 $

 I

 t

 $

 T

 i&

 I

 t

 5

 I

 E

 tII

 a

 =

 c

 r[]l riE$ t l o s llt I

 1ffi

 To

 a

 o

 =

 o

 -'

 o

 3

 f

 th

 I;q

 J

 *f,'

 i

 a

 r&euro;ar

 I i

 t $ q t

 l "

 I

 ! r o *$r ; a : + i r 5i E ?#

 t 4 t

 liE

 i " -

 l o 3

 + 1 8

 f t

 i l r

 s"

 I

 ti {

 I

 fI

 t

 I

 ;

 9,

 I

 g

 I

 d

 te

 q

 rt

 II

 T

 I

 I

 ;r Er

 a l : t

 l r

 * i sg

 l a

 F i

 F l

 &euro;I

 t

 ;

 E

 r

 7il

 I

 t

 a

 I

 -

 E

 ec

 I

 I

 tI

 I

 p

 e

 I

 ttI

 d

 e

 =

 i

 o

 lg

 5

 Et

 ?I

 E

 6

 I

 +

 I

 \

 T

 I

 cxt

 t

 Irl I t l

 TT

 r g

 * i

 iF l e

 i \

 3ir

 Ii 3?

 lqa

 .I5t t

 g

 II

 r t

 1l

 l l

 tt

 5: f

 ?*

 t l

 i !

 .E',g

 s t

 l ! rI

 i l

 1t

 9e

 Fc

 . E

 * [

 er

 l d ! *

 ( i

 e t

 5i

 i*

 ig"

 -=t 1

 t e

 iT

 i t

 i l

 9 l Ft

 {t i I

 t I II

 I

 tI

 tI

 I I

 I T '|

 t t I

 I

 I

 I I t

 t i I

 I

 I

 a I t

 !II

 ! I I

 I r I

 I

 I

 t rl

 I I I

 ! I II

 Irt I

 t I 'i

 I I Itt

 I| ll i!

 5

 I

 I

 I

 aI

 z{- -r &gt;

 ao

 r

 @z

 z

 --{

 m

 TA

 I

 t

 I

 rn

 r

 Boston House

 TNSTALLATTO_ONF SOL4R WAT,ERH EATTNQS YSTEM

 tvtf v

 l r r

 I t r

 N= ID 1711M ossochuset tsA ve NW, WoshingtonD, C 200J0

 I

 FE

 F1gf ;3

 s,iit:i3ii

 I

 et

 5{l

 I

 E^O

 ---\'--(\;Eo d -lf

 P \

 ' r f

 :"(9s

 9:.

 E'

 I

 ---&gt;

 sd

 q o

 g l

 Fi

 I t ir_

 e i

 Tl.

 35

 ! t rH

 c i

 Ti,

 36

 +$

 fs

 !i q E

 I

 1 \

 r'5r'

 \ r

 l x

 ?g - ' i '

 irt

 ilii

 "r

 lr

 t: QT

 i b "

 (I,

 (t

 rrl

 rrl

 z

 U)

 --.{

 rrl

 It

 -

 rfl =

 Boston House

 INSTALLATIONO F SOLAR WATERH EATINGS YSTEM

 1711M ossochuset tsA ve NW, WoshingtonD, C 20036

 oo

 (!

 s

 d

 o

 ;o

 t-oc)

 lmU

 m

 v

 m

 o

 oo

 d

 T

 { l

 r t r g

 a ' 2

 6 - o g

 =o _Y

 843 O N

 E &lt;

 s- 9.

 o o

 o i q

 9 t

 c o

 9 9 .

 a a

 o o

 ; f'F

 : g o

 - 6 9

 iqg

 J F

 : ;

 N - T

 -

 c

 -i

 rq

 I

 trl

 Boston House

 tNSIALLATTqUOFS OLAR-W ATERH EAJTNGS YSTEM

 t q

 tF

 t\) N 1711M os sochuset tAsv e NW,W oshingtonD, C 20036

 I

 of X:r t

 o-\ Q

 c 6

 c \ / T

 : ^ x

 T 3 5 '

 o - @

 I

 1

 D

 I

 I

 E

 t)

 D

 5- r.

 - \

 = &lt; I O

 i l l r i l r l

 dasE

 i o H ' '

 o -

 ; ; ;

 -

 XI

 E n

 o

 v c)

 oo

 !

 o

 4 9

 : 6 ,

 g i

 R - Y

 (/)

 oo

 !q

 ..

 N)

 i@

 io

 irn

 iv iv

 io ;o

 I=

 ?

 I

 E

 I

 I

 =

 lE

 - = - l ?

 i l i l l l g

 &gt; ' @ x 1 3 e -'. {lQ

 .i7

 l t

 |/

 5 :

 :\

 a

 o

 !q

 z. --t

 @

 oP

 oa

 I

 zx

 o

 r

 cI

 vr

 r

 Boston House

 INSTALLATIOONF SOLARW ATERH EATINGS YSTEM

 IF

 O.J N 1711M os sochuset tAsv e NW,W oshingtonD, C 20036

 TD

 (t

 r

 r

 z.

 f Jim L * { 1 } + *

 o,

 54

 1

 !

 a- *!If

 E

 Boston House

 INSTALLATIOONF SOLARW ATERH EATINGS YSTEM

 TN

 aq

 'dIi -9s

 o z

 N F

 8 p B5

 z,

 ox2a

 1711M os sochuset tAsv e NW,W oshingtonD, C 200J6

 ' : o

 n

 oo

 3

 (t

 c

 tl

 l

 o

 F o

 x o

 c--:

 i t x o

 f 3

 : &lt;

 d o

 , 1 . ' f

 zO

 * @

 E I *t

 9 . cf ! t

 I

 til I r i

 i * g r s g

 ! t

 I,

 I

 I

 tI

 fiI

 II tI

 Ia!

 E!

 'E !i rl il I

 t I I tli

 , E 8r

 lr

 sl

 r l

 I rla

 s

 i

 tI

 3I

 t I El

 :'

 i!

 l;

 tl

 i! ;ldrl

 E!

 ll

 r!

 EI I a

 I

 Z.Y

 - r r &gt;

 a t t

 &euro;nz

 o

 U)

 I

 r

 c)

 s

 TI

 o

 -l

 rI

 Boston House

 INSTALLATIOONF SOLARW ATERH EATINGS YSTEM

 l r

 l r

 N ul 1711M os sochuset tAsv e NW,W oshingtonD,C 20036

 Exhibit A nsji,lily" Profrct Dcscription bt 1711 ilascachusrtts Avr NW,
Washlngton DC 20036

 This Project Description is entered into by Sigora Solar and Nextility, tnc.
pursuant to the lnstallation

 Agreementt hatt heye nteredi ntoo n Dcccmbcr 16, 2013.

 1. SCOPEOFWORK

 1.A GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK

 Contractors hall{ amiliarizeh imselfw ith the propertya nd engineeringp lans
before executingt he ExhibitA

 contractt o ensuren o discrepancieesx istw ithint he engineeringd rawings.A ny
discrepanciedsi scovered

 aftert he executiono f the ExhibitA contracti s undert he responsibilitoyf the
Contractorto fulfill.

 Owners hallp rovidea ll requiredd esigna nd engineeringd rawings.

 Contractosr halla pplyf or and obtaina ll requiredb uilding,p lumbing,a nd
electricapl ermits.

 Owners hallo btainc ustomers igno ff on the Noticeo f FinalD esignb eforep
roceedingw ith installation.

 Contractors hallb e responsiblefo r documentinga ll pre-existings itec
onditionsa nd all stageso f construction,

 includingd etailedd ocumentationo f any,a nd all,m anipulationtso existingc
onditionsC. ontractorshalbl e

 responsiblefo r anyd amagesi ncurredd uringt he installationp rocessto
existingc onditions.

 Upon completion,C ontractors hall provide As-BuiltD rawingsa nd InstallationO,
peration& Maintenance

 Manualsfo r all majors ystemc ompenentsa nd componentsr equiringm aintenance.

 Owners hallp rovidet he OwnerF urnishedM aterialsin the MaterialsL ist.

 Contractosr halli nspecta nd returnd amagedO wnerF urnishedM aterials.

 Contractors hallf ill out requiredi ncentivec ompliancep aperworka s requestedb
y Owner,n ot to exceedf our

 (4) hours of work.

 Contractors halla rrangef or, attend,a nd passa ll requiredi nspections.

 Contractors lpll providea ll systema nd systemc omponenti nstallationo,
peration.a nd maintenancem anuals

 to Owner.

 Contractor shall return to the contract site one time within two (2) months
following the completion of all

 Nextility Inspection Punch List ltems at Owner's request to make up to eight
(8) man-hours of system

 optimizationc hangesto the systemr equestedb y Owner.A dditionalh oursw ill be
paid by Owner.

 The Projects hallb e designedt o withstandt he wind loads,s now loads,s eismicl
oads,t emperatureh, umidity

 extremesw, hich would normallyb e expectedt o occur at the specifieds itesd
uring the Project'sd esign

 lifetimeT. he projects hallb e installeda s designed.

 The Project'sin stallationsh allc omplyw ith the requirementso f the
applicablel ocalb uildingc odesa s defined

 by the authorityh avingj urisdictiono vert he Site.

 The Project'sin stallations hallc omply with the manufacturesr pecificationfso
r all Materialsi ncluded in the

 Project.

 Contractors hallp rovidea ll standardm aterialsre quiredf or a completei
nstallationi;n cludingb ut not limitedt o

 pipe,v alvesf,i ttings,i nsulationm, ountingh ardwarec, onsumablesa,n d all
maiorc omponentss howni n the

 Co ntractor Materials List.

 C o ntracto r/ow neTClVA. S.

 1.B SYSTEM SCOPE OF WORK

 Contractor shall install a functional solar domestic water heating system as
per the provided Structural and

 Mechanical Plans.

 Contractor shall submit all items listed on the "SWH - Submittal Review List"
for approval by Owner.

 Contractor shall install and connect the Owner's system monitoring equipment.
Installation shall include

 connection to the backhaul network, all required wiring, installation of valve
tags and of temperature

 sensors - applied using thermal paste and aluminum tape to the exterior of pipe
walls - as indicated in the

 Owner-provided Valve Labeling and Temperature Sensor Location Diagram. All
standard consumables

 and small tools, such as wire or aluminum tape, shall be provided by
Contractor.

 The Project shall be designed for an expected lifetime of 25 years and in
conformance with the Structural and

 Mechanical Plans. All Project components shall have appropriate finish to limit
the effects of corrosion

 consistent with this expected lifetime. This expected lifetime of the Project
assumes regular maintenance

 and repair and/or replacement of some components of the project.

 All Materials and Owner Furnished Materials shall be installed in a manner that
is consistent with

 manufactrue r'si n staIl ationi nstructionsr,e qu irementsa nd war ranties,

 Contractors hallp erforma ll roof work in accordancew ith industryb est
practicess, ucht hat the usefull ifetime

 of modificationsm ade during the solari nstallatione xceedt he remainingu
se{ull ifetimeo f the incumbent

 roofing system.

 Contractors hallc omply with stipulationso f roof installera nd manufacturer'ws
arrantyr egulationsto ensure

 customer'sro ofw arrantyis maintained.

 Contractors hallp ay any inspectiono r otherf eesc hargedb y the roofingw
orkmanshipw arrantyh oldero r roof

 manufacturears sociatedw ith continuanceo f the roofw arranty.

 Contractor shall run the pipe on the rooftop in a manner that does not obstruct
the walk pads currently

 situatedo n the rooftop. In the event that the pipe run must crossoverw
alkwayst,h e contractors hall

 reroutet he walkwaysa nd purchasea dditionacl oncretew alkp adsa s needed.

 Contractor shall encase the external copper pipe run and EMT conduit with an
aiuminum case painted to

 match the color of the building.

 Contractor shall fill and level the existing slab with concrete for the
placement of the storage tank, as per

 instructedin the plans.C ontractosr halle xtendt he currentd raint o allowf or
properw aterd rainage.

 Contractosr halli nstaldl isconnecst witchesfo r pumpsm ountedn eart he
StorageT ank.

 Contractor shall designate breakers inside the subpanel to power the monitoring
box and "Solar" and

 "Domestic"p umps.

 Contractor/Ow neflj I A.!

 Contractor/Ownerl4fgS

 S.WORKSGHEDUIE

 Mllcctona

 Notice of Final Design Signed by Customer

 PermittingC omplete

 InstallatioCn omplete

 NextilityI nspectionP assed- SystemC ommissioned

 LocalM unicipalityIn spection

 Drte

 3/25/2015

 4/27/201s

 6/15/2015

 6/12/2015

 6/22/2015

 4. MATERIAIS LIST

 5. SYSTEM DESCilPTION

 This project will consist of one (1) closed loop solar domestic hot water
heating system comprised of forty-three (43)

 4'x10' solar collectors.T he collectorsw ill be mounted in portrait
orientationo n the north - or 17thS treet- side of the

 building,f acings outh. The collectorsw ill be supportedb y
manufacturer-supplieradc kinga s per instructedi n the

 structurale nSlneeringd rawlngs.T he collectors upport systemw ill be directly
attachedt o the concreter oof structure

 and all penetrationsw lll be flasheda nd sealedb y an approvedS IPLASrTo ofingc
ompany.T he eollectoisw ill be servedb y

 two copperp ipesr unninge xternallyo n the NW sideo f the buildingw, hichw ill
continuei nternallyt hrought he garage

 and into the boiler room. At the garagel evel,t he pipesw ill run
horizontally,a s closet o the ceilinga s possiblet o a heat

 exchangear nda 1,900g allont ank locatedi n a currentlyu nuseds pacei n the
garageT. het ank will storeh ot water from

 which heat will be transferredto the make-upw ater line for the currentd
omestich ot water system.T he tie-int o the

 existing system has already been made for the flow meter installation.

 Ownrr Furnbhod hcm Mrnufrcturu Modcl I Qurmity VYrranty

 SkyBox& SkyMon

 3" Flow Meter

 BTUC alculatingU nit

 4' Temperature Probe Set

 BrassT hermowells

 Label Package

 Nextility

 Master Meter

 iSTEC Corporation

 iSTECC orporation

 McMaster-Carr

 Nextility

 SKYBOX4.O

 Serial# 8415874

 Register

 5202

 s602M

 4" Stem,7rN" PT

 1

 1

 1

 1

 2

 1

 NONE

 1 Year

 1 Year

 1 Year

 NONE

 NONE

 Inrtrllcr Fumlrhrd ltcm Mrnufacturor Modol I Quantlty Warranty

 Solar Collectors

 HotW aterS toraget ank

 Heat Exchanger

 Heat Exchanger

 Solar Controller

 HeatE xchangeC ontroller

 CirculationP umps

 ExpansioTn ank

 Air Eliminator

 PropyleneG lycol

 Heliodyne

 Hydroflex

 Brent Industries

 Brent Industries

 Resol

 Resol

 Grundfos

 Amtrol

 Caleffi

 Varies

 GOBI-410

 T1900,6

 BP10x20-4(02 " MPT)

 BP10x20-3(02 " MPT)

 Deltasol AL

 Deltasol AL

 See Plans

 SX.16 OV

 55 1 0604

 Varies

 43

 'l

 1

 1

 1

 1

 3

 2

 1

 As required

 '10 Years

 10 Years

 1 Year

 1 Year

 2 Years

 2 Years

 1 Year

 1 Year

 1 Year

 NONE

 Contractor/ow ne ( lU A.S.

 6. PAYMENTSCHEDULE

 CONTRACTP RICE: $173,000.00 (54,023.26p er panel)

 Contractor Prod uctivity I ncentive:

 This project shall count towards a productivity incentive described as follows:


 . For each calendarm onth in whi ch I 00 solarc ollectors'h avep assedr
elevantg overnmentb uilding inspections3, i9on Solrr will be

 awarded il0.OOO.

 . For each calendarm onth in which 12 5 solarc ollector s havep assedr elevantg
overnmentb uilding inspectionsS, igore Sohr wil[ be

 awarded il5,OOO.

 . The number o{ collectorsp assingg overnmenti nspectionsd uring a calendarm
onth will be calculateda s a three month rolling auetage''

 o This productivity incentive will beco me due to the Contractor one month
after the end o{ the calendar month in which the Contractor

 meetst he requaredp roductivityl evelo f panelsp assingr elevantb uilding
inspection,a nd is subjectt o discussion in good faith between

 ownerandcontractor.ownerwi||bethefina|arbiterolincentiveaward.

 ' A "Sol"r. Collector" is defined as 40 square feet of collector area'

 2 Three month rolling average is calculated by summing the number of solar
collectors passing inspections during the

 month in question with the number of solar collectors passing inspection during
the preceding month and the number

 of solar collectors passing inspection during the following month; then
dividing by three months' As an example, a

 calculation for the month of June is shown below:

 June Panels -

 Paymcnt Gate

 Cont]tCt

 %

 P.yment

 Anount Requirements

 Contracted 30% $51,900.00

 Eiecuted "Exhibit A" & "supplier & Subcontractor List"

 executed and returned to Nextility. "SWH - Submittal

 Review Checklist" and required submittals forwarded

 to Nextility

 Permitted 20% $34,600.00

 Copieso f Bui ldingP ermi tP, lumbingP ermi&t

 ElectricaPl ermitf orwardedt o NextilityS. ubmit

 comp leted'NextilityS afetyP lan ' to Ne xtil ity

 Gov't I nspections ComPlete 10% $17,300.00

 Copies of Plumbing and Final Inspection Cards

 forwarded to Nextility

 System Generating EnergY 10% $17,300.00

 ef,otoo f tun.tioningP umpC ontrolle(s)a. nd photo of

 BTUC hanneAl screeno n EmeraldB TUC alculator

 showingt emPeraturein crease

 NextilityI nspectionP assed&

 Supplier& Subcontractor

 FinalL ienW aive(s)

 Completed

 25% $43,2s0.00

 NextilityF inalI nspectionP assed(S eeF inall nspection

 Checklisfto r Criteria)e, xecuted" Supplier&

 SubcontractoFr inalL ienW aiver(s)a" nd As-Builts&

 lO&M Manualsfo rwardedt o Nextility

 SystemO ptimization&

 ExhibitB Completed

 5% $8,6s0.00

 Optimization Visit complete and "Exhibit B" executed

 and returned to NextilitY

 For non fixed-price contracts, changes to the estimated payment amounts entered
above shall be adjusted on the final

 rnvorce.

 Contractor/Ownef!r u41

 7. CONTACTIi lFO AND REPRESEIITATIYES

 All communications and notices regarding operational matters for this Project
shall be addressed the each

 Party's respective representative:

 Cotttrtc';oc

 Tim MasselleP, rojectM anager

 292 Race Avenue, Bldg. 3

 Waynesboro,VA 22980

 860.485-4522

 CONTRA6OR:

 ThomasC handleeD, irector

 16062 0tnS treetN, W

 WashingtonD C 20009

 7 17 -67 6-1565

 Solar Operations

 aSOlar.cOm tcha

 8. EXECUTION AI{D BINDING AGREEMEIiIT

 Bye xecutingth is ProjectD escriptionb elow,e achP attya greest o be bound by
the termsa nd conditionso f the

 InstallationA greementw ith respectt o the Project,a s setf orth in this
ProjectD escription.

 By'

 Name:

 Title:

 Date:

 Title:

 Date:

 Director of Solar Operations

 Zor.so { 16

 C ontra cto r/owneid rA.jL

 Supplier & Subcontractor List

 Portaining to t{re lnrtelletlon Exhlbit A for t i

 To: Arlk Sciler From: Tim Masscllc

 aseiler@nextility.com Sigora Solar

 Instaffe r must returnt his completed Supplier& subcontractort rstwith the
signed Exhibit Ain order to receive the first

 PaymenGt ate.I nstalleirs requiredt o lista ll suppliersa nd/ors
ubcontractorfsro m whom theyw ill purchase $5,000.00

 or morei n materialsl,a boro r servicesfo r the abovel istedp roject.

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 r^^it, nvttreen@Crft,r4}ooWAj

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchased:

 Installecr onfirmsth at the abovef orm and the attachedf orm,i f necessaryin,
cludea ll companiesfr om whicht heyw ill

 purchase$ 5,000.00o r more in labor,m aterialsa nd/ors ervicesI.n stallemr ustn
otifyO wnerw ith any updateso r

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 e^",t, cK oi * rDhual ro0laxqyeSnfrs .

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchased:

 companyD: ar/|, f"cu List Materials or Services Purchased:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 Contractor/Owne7' l4y'n S.

 Suppller & Subcontoctor Ust (Condnuedl

 Pcilrining toth. lmt.ll.tlon Erhlbh AlorlTll MusechurettrAvc NW, Wechington Dc
20036

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 List Materials or Services Purchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 List Materials or Services Purchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 List Materials or Services Purchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 ListM aterialso r ServicesP urchased:

 Company:

 Contact:

 Phone:

 Email:

 LisMt ateriaolsrS ervicePsu rchased:

 contractor/ow n"{ Y1t a.s.

 &euro;o

 EE

 .9

 !

 a

 t

 !

 EJ E iE:E

 t

 2Eo

 ug

 f;

 o

 2

 qE.,

 ,*F E- - F l / 1

 P3:

 _ c v c

 o

 c.

 lE

 o_

 3

 0)

 o

 oo

 |!

 o

 o-

 IE

 D: !$"

 f;!r Ur

 u1

 F.

 s

 l/)

 N

 rf

 rJ)

 t\

 rif

 n

 $

 tt)

 !f

 ttt

 t\

 !l

 La)

 F\

 q

 d

 -?

 TE

 ooo

 s

 @oo

 s

 x

 {\l

 x

 .C)

 1n

 tn

 I

 3i

 E=EE

 H

 -ff*

 -

 vl 3

 a

 &euro;

 o

 O

 o.

 Foo

 is r

 r[[ Ee"

 It

 I

 oc

 1t

 .9

 o

 T

 !

 o

 E = c ! +

 6 q

 - - a

 &gt;Ex( n

 =o(ut r

 o !

 f c

 (J

 i; o d ! E#

 +h

 o

 = 0

 . 9 t

 ! E \

 '9- x&gt;

 o O

 6 O -

 TL IIJ

 LO

 J

 tJ)

 xq)

 g

 T

 o

 o

 3

 E

 o)

 @

 T

 Ec

 (o

 (L

 o,

 c

 J

 |E

 E.

 oc

 o

 CL

 c

 : 9 q

 e . : = de;

 -o uP

 f c . o

 a = E

 3 gp

 E3:

 EPE

 c

 {1.,

 F O )

 ; . 8

 ( J _ g

 l ! 0

 ES

 &lt;L t!

 go

 gl

 'P or?

 Y.g o

 IJE E

 3E a

 T . = c

 q s, \

 ]

 \

 o

 co

 EoE

 aI

 o

 !

 |i

 EsEtTg

 E.o=

 O

 o

 !

 fi

 tEE

 &euro;at

 ao

 .8

 JtE

 E

 !

 t

 vl

 a

 =2

 I

 a3ttat

 nI

 o

 .

 t\

 F

 I

 coE

 Euo ot

 .lg.

 4

 al - o

 O.,. oo

 J

 Eoa

 o

 U

 I

 tl .9

 vU

 a)

 U

 3o

 U

 &

 rd

 +/

 +J

 f4 tr .-\

 =

 IA

 IF

 V)

 ql

 &lt;l

 *i

 E

 0)

 tv

 o

 'lc

 .l!

 o

 lt o

 C

 Iu (.)

 lE !z

 = Z u&lt;

 oF

 * z

 n v

 Y, .F2

 f i t :n

 g,

 t\

 I

 u1

 F.

 &lt;t

 rO

 F

 t

 rtt

 F

 q

 tt,

 sl

 rtt

 N

 $

 lr)

 s

 tr)

 st

 tn

 N

 st

 lr)

 N

 st

 [n

 F.

 \l

 u)

 s

 ln

 sl

 rtl

 N

 sl

 rt)

 t\

 &lt;t

 tn

 {

 o

 be

 o o . . o

 C \ r i i f ! c ( \ 5r5 bs e t r E -

 o - 5 o - o o -

 o z d l c o d t

 oo

 F

 =

 o

 o.

 F

 J

 !/ t!

 AR

 .r$:E

 ;&lt;R&lt;* ufP

 ) l

 an

 G =

 o o

 AI

 IgrE

 6o

 (J

 i r *xo. 9

 o v

 U

 tt

 oo

 tj't o

 r-' o

 i n &euro;

 Ss

 o.o

 Xa

 c

 oc

 t1

 J1

 6o

 o u!

 N(n

 t\

 o.

 0,

 o

 F

 z z

 (\r)

 .o

 CO

 tJ)

 t

 .E

 o '5

 c'

 uI

 t(u

 f

 o

 .o

 7(r

 IJ

 =o

 o

 E

 )

 (,

 E0

 o

 &

 o

 .g

 o

 s()

 o

 uG

 co

 L)

 o

 .g

 o

 c

 (J

 au

 |!

 c

 o

 I

 U

 6

 o

 g

 G

 an

 Y

 E

 Eo

 ou

 IF

 -g

 oU

 o

 d

 o

 co

 0,

 co

 -o

 o

 3

 oc

 o

 @

 o3

 c)

 co

 -o

 o

 3

 x

 o,

 o

 E

 o

 o

 E

 ooo

 J

 -e o

 a

 o

 ii

 ?o-

 *8

 o&gt;

 b . d

 o . 2

 cL cl

 E ( f

 't6 t

 oo

 !a il

 F C

 5 o

 o - U

 IE .E

 o

 E

 o=

 i = t

 .9 -o

 - E

 E l

 &gt; q 89

 oP-E&gt;

 oql

 o (t

 E

 f,

 oq

 o

 CL

 o

 :t

 q

 o

 o- -E

 l . t

 6B

 J IJI

 g

 r!

 F

 .9

 o

 ox

 UJ

 o

 E

 llJ

 {

 o :(!

 o

 E

 !&euro;

 d

 .=

 .9

 .D

 E. o r = ;g

 o

 d

 =o

 @

 qc)

 19

 4

 o

 E

 o :

 {!

 =

 u-

 &euro;U

 q

 oo

 ( L o

 o o

 o=

 l r 6

 sg

 E

 3 ^

 FE

 uJ .=

 ul .=

 *E

 (, ^c) s; &gt;(o

 *E

 E&euro;

 = ttl

 g,

 c

 aL

 E

 E

 a

 ro

 F

 rf

 l'rt

 1..

 si

 lt,

 N

 s

 rJ)

 N

 s

 u)

 N

 &lt;f

 ro

 r\

 st

 rrt

 F.

 si

 rJ)

 t\

 \t

 rn

 N

 s

 N

 s

 IJ'

 N

 st

 u)

 |.\

 =l

 ro

 F\

 :t

 ]J)

 t\

 \t

 t E -

 E.9

 { !

 F X 5

 T- Eo 6

 C

 ! o )

 &lt;e

 IAsL

 an

 Ftn oE, u-

 =

 o

 c\,1

 o.o

 rn

 o

 9tr ,$'e

 co

 o

 j o

 .E=

 Y&lt;

 E

 .s

 E

 .g

 tE

 o

 ;'i or

 ( J o

 &lt;E

 tL (J

 I

 co

 a

 o$

 (\

 eE

 U

 f

 co

 (r

 Er

 E3 7 c .

 o \., u

 o

 ()

 f

 8=" O U EE

 s&

 I

 F

 tn5L

 tJl

 v

 6

 .E

 fo

 EU

 Eo

 s

 U

 =o

 o

 oU

 0)

 |o

 u

 t

 o-

 E

 a

 o

 (J

 o. .E

 tt1

 E

 o

 (J

 !

 c

 (!

 F

 UJ

 J

 vl

 E

 |!

 Uz

 q

 o

 (t, o

 o

 c

 o

 FIc

 .i

 o

 d) o

 lE

 c

 .9

 uc

 )

 LL

 Cl EEo

 I

 _g

 L)

 c

 E

 o

 i i -

 bo

 ; 6

 9 :

 J 6

 OE

 o)

 .E

 o

 TL

 r&euro;e

 ddF

 o.

 o

 a

 o)

 o

 L

 o

 c

 o

 F

 6p

 c t !

 I I I

 6c

 3 . 9

 9 ;

 Ff;

 8o

 33

 | ! t r

 . - F

 . 9 d

 OU

 o,

 o

 bP

 .qB

 9g

 &gt;o

 o- u,

 . o e u ' =

 ! - T

 u c

 o o

 u J ( J

 o

 ;

 o

 U

 u

 (D

 ut

 ct

 (r

 q)

 ir-

 C L b9

 u i U

 (D

 o

 t

 (!

 E ^

 g l

 1 ( I !

 o l

 o l L

 .E

 t o u

 c

 h c\l

 t l

 X a

 G

 EoB c = =

 O - U L x;c

 oo

 (L

 oc

 C)

 x

 U

 6l

 &lt;l

 GI

 !r

 oE'

 eo

 n

 G

 Co ()

 .gcsb

 . E : 5

 o

 o

 I

 A)

 B)

 Application for Payment & Lien Waiver

 Pcrtaining to thc Instalhtion Erhiblt A for 171 1 llesrechugctts Ave NW,
Washington DC 20036

 Contractor must return this completed Application for Payment & Lien Waiverto
ap@nertilityrom with each request

 for paymenti n ordert o receivee achP aymenGt ate.l f invoicing{ or a campusw
ith multiplea ddressesp, leaseu set he

 following sheet.

 Payment Gate Name:

 Effective Date:

 PaymenGt ate% :

 Amount:

 In consideration of the "Amount" (listed above), the undersigned has or is
receiving payment in full through

 the "Effective Date" (listed above) and when the check has been properly
endorsed and has been paid by the

 bank upon which it is drawn, this document shall become effective to release
any mechanic's lien, stop notice

 or bond right the undersigned had on the job. Contractor, hereby represents,
warrants. and agrees that, with

 respect to all Work performed through the 'Effective Date" with respect to the
Project, for which payment is to

 be received by Contractor pursuant to this Lien Waiver:

 Contractor acknowledges that such payment, together with all payments
heretofore made, constitutes full

 payment through the "Effective Date" of all amounts due Contractor's under the
above described Agreement,

 including all amounts due for all claims of any type and extra Work performed
by Contractor piior to payment.

 Contractor shall defend, indemnify, save and hold harmless Owner from and
against all such claims, damages

 and expenses including liens of Contractor's Subcontractors, laborers and
equipment, service and material

 suppliers arising out of the Work performed through the "Effective Date" under
the above described

 Agreement.

 Contractor shall, at its sole cost and expense, defend and hold harmless Owner
from any and all mechanics

 liens and will defend against and obtain the discharge of any and all liens and
claims of lien of Contractor's

 Subcontractors, employees, or representatives as agents of Contractor arising
out of the Work performed

 through the "Effective Date."

 All claims, bills, payrolls, expenses, costs, taxes, and other indebtedness
owed by Contractor and incurred in

 connection with the Work performed under the Agreement through the "Effective
Date" have been fully paid.

 All labor employed in connection with the Project and all payroll taxes and
charges {such as withholding taxes,

 social security taxes and worker's compensation, disability and unemployment
taxes and/or insurance

 premiums) owed by Contractor through the "Effective Date" have been paid in
full.

 F) All materials, tools, equipment, supplies and services furnished and used
upon or in connection with such

 Work through the "Effective Date" have been paid for in full, and all sales,
use, excise and similar taxes on or in

 connection with the same have been fully paid.

 G)
IntheeventthatanyoftheWorkperformedbytheContractorontheProject(includingthemater
ialsusedor

 incorporated therein and the workmanship thereo{), is the subject of any
written guarantee or warranty by the

 underiigned, the giving of this Lien Waiver by the undersigned shall not
operate in any way to reduce or

 modify such written guarantee or warranty or to release the undersigned there
from.

 c)

 D)

 E)

 Signed:

 Printed Name:

 Title:

 Date:

 Co ntra cto r/Ow n. r(4erS. 1 3

 Appllcrtlon for Peymcnt & Llen Walver (Condnuedt

 P.il.lning to t{rr Indellrtlon ErhlbltA for 171 I Mrrrechurcttt Ave NW,
Wechlngton DC 20036

 PaymenGt ateN ame:

 Addresses,if campus

 or group of projects:

 Payment Gate %:

 Amounts:

 TOTAIAMOUI{T:

 Ud rmount rbovt on provlour pagc.

 Contractor/Owneifl4As 1 4

 Supplier& Sub-SubcontractorF inal Lien Waiver

 Pertrlnlng to the Inrtallation Erhibit A for 1711 llarcachurttr Ave NW,
Warhington DC 2010,36

 The undersignedli enor,h avingr eceivedt he finalp ayment,h erebyw aivesa nd
releaseit s Iiena nd rightt o

 claim a lien for labor serviceso r materialsf urnishedt o Slgora Solar and
ilcxtility, tns. on the project

 described as 1711 Ma*achu:otts Ave NW Solar Thcrnal Syrtcm, also described as
the following property:

 Bulldlng Name:

 Buildlng Addrers:

 Supplier's/ SubcontractorN'sa me:

 Signed:

 Printed Name:

 Title:

 Date:

 STATE of:

 COUNWof:

 Bcston Hourc Condomlnlumr

 171 I Marrachurctts Avr. NW, Warhington, DC 20036

 SUBSCRIBEADN D SWORNT O MET HIS

 - DAY OF

 NOTARY PUBLIC

 My CommissionE xpires:

 Contractor:

 Su pplier/Subcontractor:

 Sup plier/SubA. ddress:

 Owner: Nertility, Inc.

 Referenced Invoice:

 ProjectN ame:

 ProjectA ddress:

 ReferencedP .O.# :

 contractor/Ow^"O1* 1 5

 Exhibit B - Final Lien Waiver

 For lTll llercechurttrAve NW, Werhington DC 20036

 Pursuantto that certainI nstallatioAng reemente nteredi nto aso f Docombrr
16,2O1? betweenN extilityl,n c.

 ("Owner")a nd SlgoraS oler("Contractor"i)n, cludingt he ProjectD escription(E
xhibitA ) issuedf or the 1711

 MassachusetAtsv e NW Project( "Project")d,a teda s of FridayF, ebruary6 , 2015(
collectivelyth, e "Agreement').

 Contractorh erebya greest o be bound by the termso f thisL ienW aiver( this"
LienW aiver")C. apitalizedte rmsu sedb ut

 not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.

 Contractori,n consideratioonf paymentm adei n the sumo f $- herebyr epresentsw,
arrantsa. nd agreest hat,

 with respectt o all Work performedw ith respectt o the Project,f or which
paymenti s to be receivedb y Contractor

 pursuantto thisL ienW aiver:

 Contractor acknowledges that such payment, together with all payments
heretofore made, constitutes full payment of all

 amounts due Contractor under the above described Agreement, including all
amounts due for all claims of any type and extra

 Work performed by Contractor prior to payment.

 Contractors halld efend, indemnifo,s ave and hold harmlessO wner from and
againsta ll sr.rchc laims,d amages and expenses

 including lienso f Contractor'sS ubcontractorsl,a borersa nd equipment,
servicea nd materials uppliersa risingo ut of the Work

 performed under the above described Agreement.

 Contractor shall, at its sole cost and expense, de{end and hold haimless Owner
from any dnd all mechanics liens and will

 defend againsta nd obtain the dischargeo f any and all liens and claimso f lien
of Contractor'sS ubcontractorse, mployees.o r

 representativeas s agehtso f Contractora risingo ut of the Work

 All claims, bills, payrolls, exp&euro;nses, costs, tax&euro;s, end other
indebtedness owed by Contractor and incurred in connection with

 the Work performed under the Agreement have been fully paid

 All labor employed in connection with the Project and all payroll taxes and
charges (such as withholding taxes, social security

 taxes and worker's compensation, disability and unemployment taxes and/or
insurance premiums) owed by Contractor have

 been paid in full-

 All materialst,o ols, equipment,s uppliesa nd servicesfu rnisheda nd used upon
or in connectionw ith suchW ork have been paid

 for in full, and all sales, use, excise and similar taxes on or in connection
with the same have been fully paid.

 In the event that any of the Work performed by the Contractor on the Project
(including the materials used or incorporated

 therein and the workmanship thereof), is the subject of any written guarantee
or warranty by the undersigned, the giving of

 this Lien Waiver by the undersigned shall not operate in any way to reduce or
modify such written guarantee or warranty or

 to release the undersigned there from. Contractor funher agrees that if it
hereafter performs any labor or furnishes any

 materials,t ools, equipment, supplieso r servicesp ursuantt o such guaranteeo r
warranty,i t will fully pay for the same,w ijl

 pay any and all taxes and charges in connection therewith and will release,
discharge, defend and hold harmless Owner

 from any and all liens arising in connection therewith in the same manner and
degree as set forth herein, with respect to

 such labor and materialsf urnished.T his Lien Waivers hall inure to the benefit
of Owner and its respectives uccessorsa nd

 assignsa nd shallb e binding upon the undersignedC ontractora nd its or their
successorsh. eirsa nd assigns.

 Contractor: Slgora Solar

 A)

 B)

 c)

 D)

 E)

 F)

 G)

 Signed:

 Printed Name / Title:

 Date:

 Tim Masselle. Proiect Manaoer

 contractor/own.rflrot

 Idi

 CL

 'q

 gt

 I

 n

 lC

 o

 rt

 a

 o

 tgtlr

 tr

 E

 tr

 ar o

 5

 !,qr

 t

 z

 9' 3o

 tf

 oa

 p

 o'

 {1

 oa

 {*

 so

 6"

 {! ]

 tn

 ut

 tr x&euro; 3r

 2oF

 :sB aJ

 tF

 =*3

 to

 t

 iE

 *

 g

 fl

 d

 fl

 tF'J

 tl,

 ID

 Fta

 t4

 ID

 5

 $

 fi

 ,&lt;

 o

 F

 E

 o

 {D

 f-+

 I

 ?

 ,.h

 $

 )-$

 F\

 t

 ba

 rlt

 Iq

 rt

 IE

 f.t

 !

 o

 oa

 CL

 o

 th

 b

 w

 g.

 z

 =

 o

 {

 b

 1 1

 f,

 nn

 oa

 IA

 {.

 3i

 TI

 o

 "r't

 g-

 *

 j

 Rr.Dn r,l

 li

 F

 {

 nE

 b

 E

 o

 x

 n

 a

 o

 f

 I n

 r+ o

 F{

 :f

 ul

 1I

 TD nFT 5.

 :r

 p,

 (D

 orr .l

 o"

 P

 H

 uUl I

 : d n

 s

 zz

 6t

 ll

 I

 a

 Vt

 4

 oz

 ott

 Es

 6'- G H&euro;il

 9NI01In8

 - t**

 suolpadsul

 o J o t

 o

 o

 o'

 n

 .$F5FF5S'75

 # lltulad "rvfrultglJ

 n3

 at

 {

 F

 {D

 o&euro;. aa

 tr

 In

 il a

 E

 * llured

 IVJINVtI]3lil

 L'

 N

 ra

 ut

 ID

 $

 IJ

 @ogo

 5

 ul

 It

 .D

 o'3

 ID

 {o

 TL

 IJ

 m

 t!

 at

 o-i

 n

 |D

 :!

 tn

 ol

 r!

 (6 =.

 |D

 o-

 TJ

 @I

 {o

 nl

 G'

 IJ

 -t

 T

 nl

 f-J

 p

 3

 3

 E

 6

 I

 ll

 t

 {I

 IJ

 :o

 q

 rct

 t

 =

 u

 IJ

 o

 E

 CL

 to

 f,

 h

 U

 T!

 t!r

 Ee

 IJ

 Fo

 ro

 t.

 oo

 LJ

 6I

 A} u'

 r

 r}

 6t qt

 u

 an'

 e

 Ut

 F'

 "ri tu

 3

 In

 Fa

 tr

 aB

 $n

 TD

 {n

 UI E

 a

 LI

 Poe

 rO ,

 &euro;

 TJ

 G

 6c

 :' g

 &euro;or

 0o

 qs

 F S

 t 5 '

 ; ,

 D &lt;

 1 :

 tNrnf ;

 iF

 * &

 m

 $:4\

 i

 &

 &

 ")\

 $

 t

 F

 fi

 e

 GI

 B

 sffil,lJI-*",s"

 Octobe7r .2015

 CommissionS ecretary

 PublicS erviceC ommissiono f the District of Columbia

 1325 G St NW #800

 WashingtonD, C 20005

 DearC ommissionS ecretary,

 Enclosed please find 8 applications on behalf of our customers to

 register their systems as qualified solar renewable energy facilities in

 the District of Columbiap ursuant o Chapter2 9 of Title 15 of the District of
ColumbiaM unicipal Regulations(t he "RPS

 Rules").

 Enclosed please find 8 applications on behalf of our customers. These include
the following facilities ("Sol Systems

 Customers"):

 I Lovera- Patricia- DC-PV-4.83kWR esidence

 2. Kapur-Anil-DC-PV-8I .7 5kW Residence

 Westenberse-Rr obert- DC-PV-9I. 56kw Residence

 4. Zviniene-Asta-Dc-Pv-4.25kwR esidence

 5 . Frank-Jame-sD C-PV-3.924kwR esidence

 6. GCP - Next ity l, LLc -Dc-sT-l.62lkw Facility*

 7. GCP - Next itv l. LLC -DC-STr7.849kFwa ciliW*

 8. Waxman-Aaron-DC-PV-2.5kRwe sidence

 :r ncludesA ffrdavit of EnvironmentaCl omnlianceb ecauseth e ratedc apaciwi s
erreatethr an l0kW

 We thank you for your time and we look forward to hearing from you.

 Sincerely,

 Bridget Callahan

 SRECO perationsA nalyst

 Sol SystemsL, LC

 (202) 448-7643

 bridgetc. allahan@solsystemscompcaonmy.

 DC PSCI nter-OfficeU se

 Name:

 RPS #:



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

