
DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Public Service Commission of the District of Columbia has issued
the following document:



 APPLICATION FOR CERTIFICATION AS A}I ELIGIBLE DISTRICT OF COLT]MBIA

 RENEWABLE ENERGY STANDARDS GENERATING FACILITY

 t . Name of Renewable Energy Facility: 200760

 Facility Address:

 3627 Minnesota Ave SE

 WashingtoDn C 20019

 ORISPL Plant Code:



    Nameo f OwnerS: parrowhawkS olar l, LLC

 Owner'sa ddresas ndc ontacitn formation:

 6611 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200

 Las Vegas NV 891 19

 phone:888.765.2489

 Fax: 702489-4232

 Email;:n "ntives.S R EC@solarcityc.o m

 Name of Operator: SolarCity Corporation

 Operator'sa ddresas ndc ontacitn formation:

 6611 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200

 Las Vegas NV 891 19

 Phone8:8 8.765.2489

 Fax: 702-4994232

 Email:

 I ncentives.sREC@solarcity.com

 Nameo f ContacPt ersonR: osalieM iletich,I ncentivesC oordinator

 ContacPt ersonT itle, addresas ndc ontacitn formation:

 6611 S Las Vegas Blvd, Ste 200

 Las Vegas NV 891 19

 Phone:888'765.2489

 Fax: 702499-4292

 Email:I ncentivess. REC@solarcity.com

 Location of Resource:

 fl Witlin GeographiAc reao f PJMI nterconnectioLn.,L .C.

 ! Other (speciff):

 \j-)

 3.

 4.

 ) .

 Fuel Types (Check all that are Applicable; see Notes for Additional
Definitions)

 Tier I

 tr SolarE nergy

 Description of system - including type of application (e.g. photovoltaic or

 therrnal), manufacturer/supplier, model name/number, system orientation (tilt
and

 azimuth) and type of meter (including model name/number):

 Panel: Hanwha Q-Cells Q.PRO G4ISC 260

 n

 !n

 nn

 n

 lnverterA: BB

 PaneQl uantity1:1 ,9

 Tilt: 35,35

 PVI-4.2.OU TD-S-US.Z-A

 Azimuth1:2 0,300

 7.

 Wind

 Qualiffing Biomass

 Methanef rom the anaerobicd ecompositiono f organicm aterialsi n a landfill or

 wastewater treatment plant

 Geothermal

 Ocean, including energy from waves, tides, currents & thermal differences

 Fuel Cells producing electricity from qualifying biomass or methane as
described

 above

 Tier II

 n Hydroelectric Power other than Pumped Storage

 n Waste-to-Energy

 Rated Capacityl.S.2 Kw

 Other (speciff):

 If multiple fuel sources are utilized, attach the formula for computing the
proportion of

 ou@ut per fuel type by MWh (or kWh) generated.

 Operational Start Date: 1 1

 PEPCO, if appropriate)

 /03 12015 (or dateo f approvedi ntercorurectionw ith

 If co-firing with fossil fuels, co-fire start date: I /

 If co-firing with fossil fuels, submit the allocation formula that indicates
the

 facility's annualp ercentageo f electricity productionf rom fossil fuels.

 9. Is the facility a behind-the-mete(rB TM) generator?

 fl Yes (answer (a) below)

 nNo

 (a) Is netm eteringu sed?fl Yesn No

 10. As of the date of this Application, is the facility currently certified by
another state as an

 eligible generation resource to meet the renewable portfolio standards of that
state?

 !YesENo

 Name of State:

 State Certifi cation Agency :

 State Certification Number:

 Date Issued:

 Required Documentation to be Attached:

 E Current Certificate of Good Standing, if applicable, issued by the state in
which the

 business was formed

 n One copy of U.S. Departuent of Energy, Energy Information Administration Form
EIA-

 860, if rated capacity is &gt; 1.0 MW

 E Certificate of Authorization to Conduct Business in the District of Columbia,
if

 applicable

 tr Affidavit of General Compliance

 n Affidavit of Environmental Compliance, if the rated capacity is greaterthan
l0kW

 n Documentation of authority to sign on behalf of Applicant

 E Interconnectiona pprovall etter from PEPCO,i f applicable

 ! Documentationt hat the energyo utput of the nonresidentiasl olar heating,s
ssling, or

 process heat properly systems producing or displacing greater than 10,000
kilowatt hours

 per year is determined by an on-site energy meter that meets performance
standards

 established by the International Organization of Legal Metrology (OML) and the
solar

 collectors used have a OG-100 certification from the Solar Rating and
Certification

 Corporation (SRCC), if applicable

 n Documentation that the energy output of the nonresidential solar heating,
cooling, or

 process heat property systems producing or displacing 10,000, or less,
kilowatt-hours per

 year is determined by the SRCC OG-300 annual system performance rating protocol


 applicable to the property or by an onsite energy meter that meets performance
standards

 establishedb y OIML and the solar collectorsu sedh avea OG-100 certification
from

 SRCC, if applicable

 tr Documentation that the residential solar thermal system energy output is
determined by

 the SRCC OG-300 annual system performance rating protocol or by an onsite
energy

 meter that meets performance standards established by OIML and the solar
collectors

 used have a OG-l00 certification from SRCC, if applicable

 AFFIDAVIT OF GENERAL COMPLIA}ICE

 Stateo f py :

 : ss.

 County of Clark :

 RosaliMe iletich , Affiant, beingd uly sworn/affirmeda ccordingto law, deposesa
nds ayst hat:

 He/shei s theAffiant (Officer/Affiant)o f SolarCityC orporation (Nameo f
Applicant);

 That he/she is authorized to and does make this affidavit for said Applicant.

 That the Applicant herein certifies to the Commission under penalty of perjury
that:

 The Applicant acknowledgesth at any changei n compliances tatusc onstitutesa
changeo f

 infonnation, notice of which by Applicant is required to be filed with the
Fublic Service

 Commission immediately.

 The Applicant further certifies that he/she has personally examined and is
familiar with all

 information containedi n the foregoinga pplication,i ncluding any attachmentsa
nd appendices,

 and further certifies that information to be true, correct, and complete.

 ir J'THAftfBERS

 $'sot*yPubh $dnof Novada

 OourfiyoCf hrk

 APPT. NO. lo-2035-1

 MyApp.ffit Ey19,

 Myc ommissioEnx pirer' 5 - l3f\t

 Under penalty of perjury, the undersigned hereby affirms that he/she is
authorized to and hereby

 does make this Application for the Applicant and that based upon personal
knowledge and

 information the contents of this Application are true. (,,1' /Ll- '
,,,-hR?osalieM iletichI,n centivesC oordinator

 Signature PrintedN amea ndT itle

 Notes:

 Date

 l) "Solar energy"m eansr adiante nergy,d irect, diffi.rse,o r reflected,r
eceivedf rom the sun at

 wavelengths suitable for conversion into thermal, chemical, or electrical
energy, that is collected,

 generatedo, r storedf or use at a later time.

 2) "Qualiffing biomass"m eansa solid, nonhazardousc,e llulosic wastem aterial
that is

 segregatedfr om other wastem aterials,a nd is derivedf rom any of the following
forestr elated

 resourcesw, ith the exceptiono f old growth timber, unsegregateds olid waste,o
r post consumer

 wastepaper:

 (A) Mill residue;

 (B) Precommercial soft wood thinning;

 (C) Slash;

 (D) Brush;

 (E) Yard waste;

 (F) A waste pallet, crate, or dunnage;

 (G) Agricultural sourcesin cluding ffee crops,v ineyardm aterials,g rain,

 legumes, sugar, and other crop by-products or residues; or

 (H) Co-fired biomass.

 4

 11nm15 t@s//utility.fer shdek.oqn/hdF eMickd*M8581/pri nt

 SolarCity H48581

 Ticket Details

 Status

 Open

 Agent

 Natacha Caner

 Assigned by

 Tiffany

 Priority

 Low

 State

 DC

 Source

 Email

 lrtility

 TyPe

 Group

 Permissiotno Operate

 Pending Date

 Adjustments

 by Gpc-south on Tue, 3 Nov at 12:31 PM via Email

 lnterconnectioAn pplication- FinalAuthorizationto OperateF or: ROGERM ASOND,
C,L evel1 ,

 55018655534

 We suppoft renewable energy and paftner with our customers to ensure safe and
reliable

 interconnectiono f renewablee nergy into the electric Arid.

 Your request is documented as follows:

 Customer Name: ROGER MASON

 Street Address: 3627 MINNESOTA AVE SE

 City, State: WASHINGTON, DC

 Account Number: 55Of8655534

 Source: SPV

 Generation Size: 4.2

 Add-On: NO

 Tariff: NET METER

 Thanky ou for completingth e interconnectioanp plicationp rccessY. ours ystemi
s nowa uthorizedfo r

 operation.

 ,r\ ,

 t@s//tXIii ty.tcmosk.corn/h&euro;plh lrfi ckd44E5Ei/ prin [

 flBflcl' hflpsJ/ntility.tehdesk.com/helpdesMick$/448581/print

 Pepco DC has acceptedt he completedi nterconnectiona pplicationf or this
system. The Net Energy

 Meter for this system has been installed. Pepco DC has determined that the
requirements for this

 interconnectionr equest have been met. You are now authorizedt o interconnecta
nd fully operatet his

 renewablee nergys ystema s of 11lo3l2Ol5.

 Attacheda re the completedi nterconnectiond ocumentsf or your records.T his
finalizes the application

 process. Thank you for the opportunity to facilitate your request.

 Thank you for the opportunityt o assist you with your interconnectionr equest.I
f you have any

 questions or concerns, please call (202) 872-34t9. To ensure a response, please
send all

 correspondence to opc-south@oeoco.com (mailto:opc-south@peoco.com)

 Zpqrco

 Energyfo r a changingw orld.'"

 Your Green Power Connection Team

 A PHI Company

 (2O2) 872-34L9 - Phone

 (202) 872-3228 - Fax

 Mai l ingA ddress:M ai lS top7 642,7019 th St . NW, WashingtonD, C2 0001

 www. oe oco. com / GFC (http: / /www. pepco. com / GPC)

 FrtQs//utIi t y.tesHesk.cqn/hd @Utickds/,148581/print

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E9B1-00F7-469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 DISTRICTO F COLUMBIA

 CUSTOMER NET ENERGY METERING CONTRACT

 (Facilitieso f 1000K ilowattso r less)

 TheG reenP owerC onnectionrTMe amP epco

 A PHI Company

 (202)8 72-3419- Phone

 (202) 872-3228 - FAX

 qpc-$outh@peoco.com

 (Send via

 MailingA ddressM: ail

 EmailF, AX,o r Mailt o

 Stop7 642,701g thS t.

 PepcoG, PCT eam)

 NW,W ashingtonD,C 20001

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 59zt4E9B1-00F7-469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 PEPCO

 CUSTOMENRE TE NERGYM ETERINGC ONTRACT

 Qualifvinq facilitv of 1000 KW or less

 customeNr ameR: ogerM ason

 customePr epcoA cct.# '55018 6555 34

 Customer AddreSS:

 3627M innesotaA ve SE,W ashingtonD, C 20019U nitedS tates

 customeTr elephonNe umber'2 025810418

 CustomeEr -MaiAl ddresss:m mason30l@ aol.com

 Generator Manufactulsl; ABB

 MOdel: PVl.4.2-oUrD-s-Us

 Energyo r SourceT ype( e.9.p hotovoltaiwc,i nd,m icroturbinefu, elc ell,c
ogeneration):

 Photovoltaic

 Nameplatrea tingA C andD C (KVV)D:C:5.2 AC:4.2

 Location:W ashinqton . Districot f Columbia

 This Contract,e nteredi nto as of the lsls ut2st2o15 is betweenth e Potomac

 ElectricP owerC ompany(t heC ompanyP; epco)a, nd RogerM ason

 (theC ustomerl)o cateda t

 3627 Minnesota Ave SE, Washington, DC 20019 United States

 Districot f Columbiaf,o r the NetM eteringa ndi nterconnecteodp erationo f the

 Customer'gse neratinegq uipmenatn dt he Company'esl ectrics ystemc ommencinogn

 WHEREAS, Pepco is required to have this standard Net Energy Metering

 Contracta pplicableto Customer-Generatowrhso meet the requirementsse t forth in


 D.C.C odeS 34-1501(1 5)a nd1 518a nda pplicablreu lesa doptedb y theP ublicS
ervice

 Commissioonf theD istricot f Columbiaa;n d

 WHEREASt,h e Customehr as representetdo the Companyth at it meetst hose

 requirements.

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 59tl4E9B1-00F7469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 In consideratioonf the agreementsh ereinaftesr et forth,t he partiesa greea s

 follows:

 ARTICLEl: DEFINITIONS

 Thef ollowingte rmss hallh avet hef ollowingm eaningsu ndert hisC ontract:

 " " is the periodo f time (approximatetlhyi rty

 (30)d ays)b etweenth e recordingo f meterede nergyd eliveredto and receivedfr
omt he

 Customer'Gs eneratioFn acility.

 "9gp4i$" is the maximumo utput,e xpressedi n kilowatts,o f an electric

 generatour nders pecificc onditionsd esignatedb y the manufacturear,s
indicatedo n a

 nameplatpeh ysicallayt tachedto theg enerator.

 ..@.n,,'isthePub|icServiceCommissionoftheDistrictofCo|umbia'

 " ' meansa personi,n cludinga n aggregator,

 broker,o r marketerw, ho generatese lectricitys;e llse lectricityo; r
purchasesb, rokers,

 aranges or marketse lectricityfo r sale for retailc ustomersT: he tenn
excludest he

 following:( A) Buildingo wners,l essees,o r managersw ho managet he intemal

 distributiosny stems ervings uchb uildinga ndw ho supplye lectricitsyo lelyt o
occupants

 of the buildingfo r use by the occupants(;B ) (1) Any personw ho purchasese
lectricity

 for its own use or for the use of its subsidiarieos r affiliateso; r (2) Any
apartment

 buildingo r officeb uildingm anagewr hoa ggregateesl ectrics ervicere
quiremenftosr his

 or herb uibingo r buildingso,r whod oesn ot:( a)T aket itlet o the
electricity(b; ) Market

 electrics ervicesto the individually-metertedn antso f hiso r her buildingo; r
(c) Engage

 in the resale of electric service to others; (C) Property owners who supply
small

 amountso f power,a t cost,a s accommodatioton lessorso r licenseeso f the
property;

 and (D) A consolidator.

 ..@'meansaresidentia|orcommercia|customerthatowns

 (or leaseso r contractsa) nd operatesa n electricg eneratingfa cilityt hat: (a)
has a

 capacityo f not moret han 1000k ilowatts(;b ) usesr enewablere sourcesc,o
generation,

 fuel cells, or microturbines(;c ) is located on the custome/s premises;( d) is

 interconnectewdi th the ElectricC ompany'tsr ansmissioann d distributiofna
cilitiesa; nd

 (e) is intended primarily to offset all or part of the customer's own
electricity

 requirements.

 '''.isa||oftheCustome/sp|antandequipment,

 includingt he Custome/sg enerator,in verter,s toraged evices,a nd
lnterconnection

 Equipmenlto, catedo n the Custome/ss ideo f the Pointo f Delivery.

 " 'is alle quipmenatn df acilitieosw ned

 by the Customear ndl ocatedo n the Custome/ss ideo f the Pointo f Deliveryin
stalledto

 interconnecatn d delivere nergyt o the Company'sy stem,i ncludingb ut not
limitedt o

 connections,w itchingt,r ansformatiopnr,o tectivree layinga nds afetye
quipment.

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 59,l4E9B-l 00F7469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 .'''meanSacustomer-generatorWhoSenetenergy

 meterings ystemf or renewablere sourcesc, ogenerationfu, el cells,a nd
microturbines

 meetsa ll applicablsea fetya ndp erformancset andards.

 "Full RetailD istributionR ate"m eanst he per kilowatt-houdri stributiocnh
arges

 applicablteo then ete nergyb illingc ustomedru ringth eb illingp eriod.

 " ' meanst he per kilowatt-houtrr ansmission

 chargesa pplicablteo then ete nergyb illingc ustomedru ringth eb illingp eriod.


 "Generationv alue" meanst he producot f the applicableS OSk ilowatt-hourar te

 timest hen umbeor f kilowatt-houcrosn sumeadn d/ors uppliedd,u ringth et imep
eriod(s)

 associatewd iths uchu sagea nd/ors upply.

 ''@',meansthedifferencebetweentheki|owatt-hours

 consumedb y a customer-generaatonrd t he kilowatt-hourgse neratedb y the
customergenerator'fsa

 cilityo vera ny time periodd etermineda s if measuredb y a singlem eter

 capableo f registerintgh ef lowo f electricitiyn twod irections.

 '.@'.meanSabi||ingandmeteringpracticeunderwhicha

 customer-generaitso br illedo n the basiso f nete nergyo vert he billingp
eriod.

 .'@'.isthe|ocationwheretheCustomer's|nterconnection

 Equipmenatn dt heC ompanys'sy stema rec onnected.

 "Premises" is the Custome/s building or part of a building with its

 appurtenance(sa s grounds)w here the Customerta kes servicef rom the Company

 undera uniquea ccounnt umber.

 '','meanSthosepractices,methodsandequipment,

 as changedfr omt imet o time,t hata re commonlyu sedi n prudenet lectricael
ngineering

 ando perationtso operatee lectrice quipmenlta wfullya ndw iths afetya nd
dependability

 and that are in accordancwe ith the NationaEl lectricaCl ode,t he Instituteo f
Electrical

 and ElectronicE ngineersC ode or any other applicableF ederal,S tate and Local

 govemmenct odes,a nd the Company'sc onstructiosnt andardsa nd the Commission's

 lnterconnectioRnu lesu nderC hapter4 0 of Title 15 of the DCMR,t he "Districot
f

 ColumbiSa malGl eneratoIrn terconnectiRonu les(" DCSGIR").

 ..@'meansoneofthefo||owingsourcesofenergy:so|ar,

 wind,t idal,g eothermabl,io massh,y droelectrfiacc ilitieosr digestegr as.

 "StandardO ffer ServiceP rovider"m eansa provideor f standardo ffers ervice

 chosenp ursuantto Chapte2r 9 of theC ommissionr'usl es.

 DC NEM Contract 4 FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 59,14E981-00F7-469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 ARTICLEll : QUALIFICATIONS

 It is the purpose of this Contract to set forth rates and conditions for

 interconnectepda, ralleol perationo f Customeor wneda ndo peratede lectricg
enerating

 facilities(C ustomeGr eneratioFna cilityu) singR enewablRe esourcesc,o
generatiofnu,e l

 cells or microturbinesT.h is Contracti s not availablef or facilitiesh aving a
total

 generatingc apacityo f more than 1000 kW at a singleP remises. A Customer's

 GenerationF acilitym ustb e locatedo n the Customer'Ps remisesa nd mustb e
intended

 primarilyto offseta ll or parto f the Custome/so wn electricitrye quirementsS.
erviceis

 providedu ndert hisC ontracst ubjectto thep rovisionlsis tedb elow.

 Fort he interconnectioonf a CustomeGr eneratioFn acilityt,h e Companya ndt he

 Customers hall follow the interconnectiopnr oceduress et forth in the Districto
f

 ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectiRonu lesC, hapte4r 0 of Title1 5o f theD
CMR,

 the "Districot f ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les"p riort o
enteringin to

 thisN etE nergyM eteringC ontract.

 ARTICLEll l: TERM

 The termo f this Contracst hallc ommenceo n and shalle xtend

 initiallyfo r one yeara nd thereafteor n a monthlyb asis,u nlesst erminatedp
ursuantto

 the terms herein.

 ARTICLEIV : NETE NERGYM ETERING

 Servicep rovidedu ndert his Contracits billedu ndert he Customer'nso rmally

 applicablDe istricot f GolumbiSa chedule"sR ",u AE",R TM"," GSN D", nGSL V',
"GS

 3A", "GT LV', 'GT 3A", and 'GT 38' for Customer-Generatowrsh o meet the

 requiremenstse tf orthi n D.C.C odeS 34-1501(1 5)a nd1 518t;h eC ompany'Sst
andard

 Net MeteringC ontracta; nd the Commission'Ns et EnergyM eteringR ulesa doptedi
n

 OrderN o.1 5837i,s suedJ une1 1,2010.

 NetE nergyB illinga pplieso nlyt o kilowatt-houusr agec hargesN. ete nergyb
illing

 customeras re responsiblfeo r all otherc hargesa pplicableto the custome/sr
atec lass

 and recoveredth roughfi xeda mountso r overu nitso thert han kilowatt-hourisn,c
luding

 customear nd/ord emandc hargesa s applicable.

 Thea pplicatioonf thisR idert o Schedule"sR TM", GTL V"," GT-3A"a, nd" GT-38"

 shallb e on the basiso f energyin flowo r outflowd uringe achT imeo f Usep
ricingp eriod

 rathert hano n thet otalm onthlye nergyr egistration.

 Billingf or NetE nergyM eteringG ustomersw ith GompetitiveS uppliers

 MonthlvG eneratioann dT ransmissioSne rvice- Creditso r charges hallb e

 calculatebdy the Suppliear t ther ates pecifiedin thea greemenbt etweenth e
Customer-

 Generatoarn dt he CompetitivEel ectricitSy upplier.

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E981-00F7469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 MonthlvD istributioSne rviceC harqes- lf the meterh asr egisterende t inflowo f


 electricitfyo r theb illingm ontht,h eC ustomer-Generastohra llb e billedf or
the neti nflow

 at thea pplicablfeu ll retailr atef or DistributioSne rvices.

 lf the meterh asr egisterende to utflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm ontha,
ndt he

 Customer'gse neratinfga cilityh asa capacityo f 100k ilowattso r less,a dollarv
alue

 credits hallb e calculatebdy applyingth ef ull retailr atef or DistributioSne
rvicee xcluding

 surchargetso the neto utflowT. hisc redits hallb e appliedto the nextm onthlyb
illa ndt o

 subsequenmt onthlyb ills,if necessaryu,n tilfullye xhausted.

 lf the meterh asr egisteredn et outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
ndt he

 Customer-Generatogre'sn eratinfga cilityis greaterth an1 00k ilowattsin size,t
heres hall

 be no creditf or DistributioSne rvicefo r the neto utflow.

 Billingf or Net EnergyM eteringG ustomersw ith StandardO fferS ervice( SOS)

 MonthlvG eneratioSn ervice- lf the meterh as registeredn et inflowo f
electricity

 for the billingm onth,t he Customer-Generasthoar llb e billedf or the net
inflowa t the

 applicableS OSr atef or GeneratioSn ervice.

 lf the meterh as registeredn et outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
dollar

 valuec redits hallb e calculatedb y applyingth e full SOSr atef or GeneratioSn
eMcet o

 the net outflowT. hisc redits hallb e appliedt o the nextm onthlyb ill and to
subsequent

 monthlyb ills,if necessaryu,n tilf ullye xhausted.

 MonthlvT ransmissiona nd DistributionS erviceC haroes- lf the meter has

 registeredn et inflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,t he CustomeGr
eneratosrh allb e

 billedf or the net inflowa t the applicablfeu ll retailr atesf or
Transmissioann d Distribution

 Services.

 lf the meterh as registeredn et outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
ndt he

 Customer'sg eneratingfa cilityh as a capacityo f 100 kilowattso r less,a
dollarv alue

 credits hallb e calculatebdy applyingth ef ull retailr atef or Transmissioann d
Distribution

 Servicee xcludings urchargetso the neto utflowT. hisc redits hallb e appliedt o
the next

 monthlyb illa ndt o subsequenmt onthlyb ills,if necessaryu,n tilfullye
xhausted.

 lf the meterh as registeredn et outflowo f electricitfyo r the billingm onth,a
ndt he

 Customer-Generatogre'sn eratinfga cilityis greatetrh an1 00k ilowattsin size,t
hdres hall

 be no creditf or Transmissioann dD istributioSne rvicefo r the neto utflow.

 ARTICLEV : INTERCONNECTEQDU IPMENT

 The Customeris responsiblefo r all costsa ssociatedw ith the installationa nd

 connectiono f its generatinge quipment.T he Customesr hallp rovidea nd
maintainin

 goodw orkingo rdera utomaticp rotectivee quipmenitn compliancwe ith the
Instituteo f

 Efectricaaln d ElectronicEs ngineersI,n c.'sI EEES tandard1 il7 ("IEEE1 547")a
nd

 Sections4 0024008o f the DCSGIRT. he Companys hallc onductth e appropriatLee
vel

 F# EIEIEI

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E981-00F7.469E-8489-2lCEgFAgCFFs

 of Reviewo f the automaticp rotectivee quipmenitn accordancew ith Sections4
004-

 4007o f the DCSGIRto determinew hethers uche quipmenits fit for use with
Pepco's

 system.

 ARTICLEV l: INTERCONNECTOEDPE RATION

 Interconnectiownit ht he Company'sy stemr equiresth e installatioonf protective


 equipmentA. Customer'Gs eneratinFga cilitym ustb e in compliancwe ith IEEE1 547


 and the DCSGIRt o receiveN et EnergyM eterings erviceu ndert his Contract. The

 Customer'esq uipmenmt ustb e installeadn dc onfigureidn accordancwei thI
EEE'1547

 andS ections4 0024008o f the DCSGIRto ensureth atp aralleol perationc easesp
ert he

 IEEE1 547a ndD CSGIRre quiremendtsu ringC ompanys ystemo utagesa ffectingth e

 Customer'slo cation.T he Customer'sG eneratingF acilitym ust meet the
applicable

 requirementosf the NationaEl lectricaCl ode and the applicablere quirementosf
the

 applicables tandardsis suedb y the Instituteo f Electricaal nd ElectronicE
ngineersa nd

 the UnderwriterLsa boratories.

 lf the Customerf ails to complyw ith any requiremenot f this Articleo f the

 Contractt,h e Companym ay terminateth e Customer'ss ervicef rom the Company's

 electrics ystem.I n thise vent,t he Customewr illb e providedw itha n
opportunittyo enter

 into a new net meteringc ontractb y (1) providingt he Companyw ith a notarized

 statemenetx plainintgh ec auseo f thev iolatioann de videncteh att hec auseo f
thei nitial

 violationh as beenr emediedin sucha mannera s to preventit s recunencei,n
cluding

 copieso f all inspectionpse rformedo n the Gustomer'Gs enerationF acility(;2 )
fullyr equalifyingw

 itha ll provisionos f the Commission'Rs ulesa nd the net meteringc ontract;

 and (3) futfillinga ny reasonablree quiremenetss tablishebdy the Companyto
ensure

 thatt he Company'sy stemis adequatelpyr otectedfr omf uturev iolationo f theA
rticle.lf

 the Customer and Pepco are unable to resolve any disputes as to whether the

 Customehr as met eacho f the requirementso enteri ntoa newn et meteringc
ontract,

 the Customemr ayf ilea n informacl omplainwt itht he Gommission.

 ARTICLEV ll: METERING

 The Companys hallf umish,i nstall,m aintaina nd own all meteringe quipment

 neededf or measuremenotf the energys upplieda nd received.T he Companyw ill

 provideo ne or morem etersc apableo f "Net EnergyM etering"i,. e. a metert hat
can

 registetrh e flowo f energyb othf romt he Custometro the Company(o ut-flowa)
ndf rom

 theC ompanyto the Custome(ri n-flow),

 ARTICLEV lll:A CCESS

 Pleases eeA ccessu ndert he Level1 InterconnectioRne quesAt pplicationF orm

 and Agreemenot r Right of Access under the Level 24 StandardA greemenfto r

 Interconnectiofn S mallG eneratoFr acilitieosf the DCSGIRw, hicha re
applicablteo

 yourg eneratinfga cilityb asedo n its levelo f review.

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSignE nvelopel D: 5944E981- 00F7469E-8489-21C EBFA9CFFS

 ARTICLElX : GONTINUIWO FS ERVICE

 Pleases ee Disconnectiounn dert he Level1 InterconnectioRne quesAt pplication

 Form and Agreemento r TemporaryD isconnectiounn der the Level 24 Standard

 Agreemenfot r Interconnectioofn S mallG eneratoFr acilitieosf the DCSGIRw,
hicha re

 applicablteo yourg eneratinfga cilityb asedo n its levelo f review.

 ARTICLEX : GOVERNMENTALU THORIZATIONS

 TheC ustomesrh allo btaina ll governmentaaul thorizationasn dp ermitsre quired

 for operationo f the Customer'Gs enerationF acilitya nd shall maintaina ll
required

 governmentaal uthorizationasn d permitsr equiredf or the Customer'sG eneration

 Facility during the term hereof. The Customer shall provide copies of any such

 authorizationpse, rmitsa nd licensetso the Companyin compliancwei thC hapte4r 0
of

 Title1 5o f theD CMRt,h eD CSGIR.

 ARTICLEX l: INDEMNIFICATION

 X1.1. Level I lndemnification

 The partiess hall at all times indemnifyd, efend,a nd save the other party

 harmlessfr om any and all damagesl,o sses,c laims,i ncludingc laimsa nd actions


 relatingt o injuryt o or death of any persono r damaget o propertyd, emand,s
uits,

 recoveriesc,o stsa nd expensesc, ourtc osts,a ttorneyfe es,a nd all othero
bligationbs y

 or to thirdp artiesa, risingo ut of or resultingfr omt he otherp arty'sa ctiono
r inactionso f

 itso bligationusn derth isa greemenotn behalof f thei ndemnifyinpga rtye,
xcepitn cases

 of grossn egligencoer intentionawl rongdoinbgy the indemnifiePda rty.

 X1.2. Level2 through 4 ("Level 2-{") Indemnity

 xa.2.1Thipsr ovisionp rotectse achP artyf roml iabilityin cunedto thirdp
artiesa s a

 resulto f carryingo ut the provisionso f this AgreementL. iabilityu ndert his
provisionis

 exemptf rom the generall imitationso n liabilityf ound in Article6 .2 ol the
Level2 -4

 StandardA greemenfto r Interconnectioonf S mallG eneratoFr acilitiefso r the
DCSGIR.

 x,.2.2T he Partiess halla t all timesi ndemnifyd,e fenda, nd holdt he otherP
arty

 harmlessfr om,a ny and all damagesl,o sses,c laims,i ncludingc laimsa nd
actions

 relatingt o injuryt o or death of any persono r damaget o propertyd, emand,s
uits,

 recoveriesc,o stsa nde xpensesc, ourtc osts,a ttorneyfe es,a nd all other
obligationbsy

 or to thirdp artiesa, risingo ut of or resultingfr om the otherP arty'sa ctiono
r failuret o

 meeti ts obligationusn dert hisA greemenot n behalfo f the indemnifyinPga rty,e
xceptin

 caseso f grossn egligencoer intentionawl rongdoinbgy the indemnifiePda rg.

 x1.2.3P romptlya fterr eceipbt y an indemnifiePd artyo f any claimo r noticeo f
the

 commencemeonft anya ctiono r administrativoer legalp roceedinogr
investigatioans to

 whicht he indemnityp rovidedfo r in this Articlem ay apply,t he indemnifiedP
artys hall

 notifyt he indemnifyinPga rtyo f suchf act.A nyf ailureo f or delayi n suchn
otificatiosnh all

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 5944E981-00F7'469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 not affecta Pafi's indemnificatioonb ligationu nlesss uchf ailureo r delayi s
materially

 prejudiciatol t hei ndemnifyinPga rty.

 x..2.4lfa n indemnifiePda rtyi s entitledto indemnificatiuond ert hisA rticlea
s a

 resulto f a claim by a third party,a nd the indemnityinPga rtyf ails, after
noticea nd

 reasonableo pportunittyo proceedu ndert his Article,t o assumet he defenseo f
such

 claim,s uchi ndemnifiedP artym ay at the expenseo f the indemnifyinPga rtyc
ontest,

 settleo r consentto thee ntryo f anyj udgmenwt ithr espectto , or payi nf ull,s
uchc laim.

 x..2.5lfa n indemnifyinPga O is obligatetdo indemnifayn dh olda nyi ndemnified

 Partyh armlessu ndert hisA rticlet,h e amounot wingt o the indemnifiepde rsons
hallb e

 the amounto f such indemnifiePda rty'sa ctuall oss,n et of any insuranceo r
other

 recovery.

 ARTICLEX ll: ASSIGNMENT

 This Contracts hall not be assigned,p ledgedo r transfenedb y either party

 withoutt he writtenc onsento f the non-assigninpga rty,w hich consents hall not
be

 unreasonablwyi thheld. All assigneesp, ledgeeso r transferees hall assumea ll

 obligationosf the partya ssigningth e Contract.l f this Contracits assignedw
ithout he

 writtenc onsento f the non-assigninpga rty,t he non-assigninpga rtym ayt
erminateth e

 Contract.

 ARTICLEX lll: BREACHT; ERMINATION

 Exceptf or terminationo f this Contractp ursuantt o the secondp aragrapho f

 ArticleV l, if the Customear t any time failst o meeta ny of the otherr
equirementsse t

 forthi n this ContractP, epcom ay immediateltye rminateth e Contract.T he
Company

 shalln ot be liablet o the Customefro r damageso f any kindr esultingfr oma
termination

 pursuantto thisp aragraph.

 ARTICLEX IV: WAIVER

 Anyw aivera t anyt imeb y eitherp artyo f its rightsw ithr espectto a defaultu
nder

 this Contract,o r with respectt o any other mattersa risingi n connectionw ith
this

 Contracts, halln ot be deemeda waiverw ithr especto anys ubsequendte faulto r
other

 matter.

 ARTICLEX V: MODIFICATION

 No modificatiotno thisC ontracst hallb e validu nlessi t is in writinga nds
ignedb y

 bothp artiesh ereto.

 ARTICLEX /l: APPLICABLEL AWS

 ThisC ontracits madei n accordancwe itht he lawso f the Districot f Columbiaa
nd

 shall be construeda nd interpretedin accordancew ith the laws of the Districto
f

 DC NEM Contract FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 5944E9B1-00F7-469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFFS

 ColumbiaT. hee ffectiveN etE nergyM eteringru leso f the Commissioanr ea
pplicablteo

 this Contract.

 ARTICLEX Vll: INTEGRATION

 The termsa nd provisioncso ntainedin this Contracbt etweenth e Gustomear nd

 the Companyc onstitutteh ee ntireC ontracbt etweenth e Customear ndt he
Companyfo r

 NetE nergyM eterinagn ds halls upersedael lp revioucso mmunicationresp,
resentations,

 or agreementse, itherv erbal or written,b etweent he Customera nd the Company

 regardingN etE nergyM etering

 ARTICLEX Vlll: INTERPRETATION

 lf anyi nconsistenceyx istsb etweena nyp rovisionin ArticlesI throughX Vll of
this

 ContractP, epcom ayi n itss oled iscretionch oosew hichp rovisions hallc
ontrol.

 ARTICLEX IX: SEVERABILIW

 The invalidityo f any provisiono f this Contracts hall not affectt he validi$
or

 enforceabiliotyf anyo therp rovisionse tf orthh erein.

 lN WITNESSW HEREOFth, e partiesh eretoh avec ausedth isi nstrumentot be

 executeda, ll as of thed aya ndy earf irsta bovew ritten.

 Potomac Electric Power Company

 By:

 Title:

 Datc:

 Customer

 'tl

 Homeowner

 4/29/2015

 Net

 By: frtA'Il';

 Title:

 Date:

 DC NEM Contract 10 FINALM ay2 014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 59,14E981-00F7469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 I

 DISTRICTO F COLUMBIAL EVEL 1 INTERCONNECTION

 APPLICATION& AGREEMENT

 With Terms and Conditions for Interconnection

 (Lab Ccrtified Invertcr-Bascd Small Gencrator Facilities Lrss Than or Equalto
10kW)

 The GreenP owerC onnectionrTMe am

 Pepco

 A PHI Company

 (202) 872-3419 - Phone

 (292) 872-3228 - FAX

 opc-south(Opepco.com

 (Senda pplicationvsi a Email,F AX,o r Mailt o Pepco,A ttentionG PCT eam)

 MailingA ddressM: ailS top7 642,701g thS t. NW,W ashingtonD, C 20001

 DC Level 1 InterconnectioAn pplication& Aqrement

 Page 1 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 5944E981-00F7-469E-848$21CEBFA9CFFS

 A Pl.{lCompong

 Level I

 PART | - District of Columbia

 Interconnection Request Application Form and Agreement

 An applicationfe e of $100 payablet o the EDC is requiredb eforet he
applicationc an be processed.

 Pleasev erifyt hat the fee is includedw ith the application:A pplicationfe e
includedo

 lnterconnection Customer Contact lnformation

 customeNr ame:w ashington

 MailingA ddress3: 627M innesotAa veS E

 City:Washington State:DC Zip Code:20019

 Telephone(D aytime)2: 025810418 (Mobile):

 FacsimileN umber: E-MailA ddress: smmason3lO@aol.com

 Alternative Contact Information (if different from Customer Gontact
Informationl

 Name:

 Address:

 State: Zip Code:

 Telephone(D aytime): (Mobile):

 FacsimileN umber: E-MailAddress:

 Equioment Gontractor

 Name:S olarCitCy orp

 Mailing

 City:_

 MailingA ddress:6671L asV egasB lvdS outh

 CityL: asV egas State:NV ZipC ode:8911 9

 Telephon(eD aytime7):0 2-703-89(5M1o bile):

 FacsimileN umber: E-MailAddressin: terconnectiodnc.@ solarcity.com

 ElectricalC ontractor( if Differenftr om EquipmenCt ontractor):

 Name:

 Maili

 City:

 ng Address:

 State: Zip Code:

 Telephon(eD aytime): (Mobile):

 FacsimilNe umber: E-MailAddress:

 LicenseN umber: ActiveL icense? Yes No

 DC Level 1 lnterconnectionA polication& Aqreement

 Page2 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E9B1-00F7469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 Facilitv Information (buildinq where the small qenerator facilitv is located)

 ElectricD istributioCn ompany( EDC)S ervingF acilityS ite: 3627M innesotAa veS
E

 ElectricS upplier( if differenftr om EDC)' PEPco

 AccountN umbero f Facilitys ite( existingE DCc ustomers)5' 501 8655 534

 Facilitv Address (buildinq where the small qenerator facilitv is located)

 Address:3627M innesotaA ve SE

 City:Washington state:DC zip code:20019

 Small Generator Facilitv Information

 tnverteMr anufacturer.ABB ModetP: V!4.2-OUTD-S-US

 NameplateR ating:[ (kW)- (kVA):19(ACV olts)

 System Design Capacity:QGW)_(kVA)

 PrimeM over:P hotovoltainc ReciprocatinEgn gineI FuelC elln Turbinen Other

 EnergyS ource:S olarI Windo HydroI Dieseln NaturaGl as FuelO il a Other

 ls the inverterla b certified?Y es El

 (lf yes, attach manufacturer'csu t sheet showingl istinga nd label
informationfr om the

 appropriateli stinga uthority,e .g. UL 1741 listing.l f no, facilityi s not
eligiblef or Level 1

 Application.)

 I Net Meter (Small generator facility will export power pursuant to District of
Columbia

 CustomeNr et EnergyM eteringC ontract)

 EstimatedC ommissioninDga te:7119t2015

 Insurance Disclosure

 The attachedte rmsa nd conditionsc ontainp rovisionsre latedt o liabilitya, nd
indemnification

 and shouldb e carefullyc onsideredb y the interconnectiocnu stomer.T he
interconnection

 customeris not requiredto obtaing enerall iabilityin surancec overagea s a
preconditiofno r

 interconnectioanp proval;h owever,t he interconnectiocnu stomeri s advisedt o
consider

 obtaininga ppropriatein surancec overaget o cover the interconnectionc
ustomer'sp otential

 liabilityu ndert hisa greement.

 DC Level 1 lnterconnectionA oDlication& Aqreement

 Page 3 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSign Envelope lD: 59tt4E9B1-00F7-469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 Gustomer Siqnature

 I herebyc ertifyt hat: 1) I have read and understandth e terms and conditionsw
hich are

 attachedh eretob y referencea nd are a parto f this agreement2; ) | herebya
greet o comply

 with the attachedt erms and conditionsa; nd 3) to the best of my knowledgea, ll
of the

 informationp rovidedin thisa pplicationre quesfto rm is completea nd true.

 InterconnectionC ustomer

 PrintedN ame:

 Signature:

 Title:

 Date: 4/29/20L5

 An applicationfe e of $100 payablet o the EDC is requiredb eforet he
applicationc an be

 processedP. leasev erifyt hatt he fee is includedw itht he application:

 Applicationfe e includedI

 Conditional Aqreement to Interconnect Small Genorator Facilitv

 Receipto f the applicationfe e is acknowledgeadn d, by its signatureb elow,t he
EDC has

 determinedth e interconnectiorne questi s complete.I nterconnectioonf the
smallg enerator

 facilityi s conditionallayp provedc ontingenut pont he attachedt ermsa nd
conditionso f this

 agreementth e retumo f the attachedC ertificateo f Completiond uly executedv
erificationo f

 electricailn spectiona nd successfuwl itnesst esto r EDCw aivert hereof.

 EDC Signature:

 Date:

 Printed Name:

 Title:

 DC Level 1 lnterconnection Aoolication & Aqreement

 Page 4 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E981-00F7469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS frffi Level 1 PART ll
- Small Generator Facility Interconnection

 Certificate of Gompletion Forml

 Interconn ection CustomerG ontactI nformation

 Name: Roger Mason

 MailingA ddres.s3627M innesotAa veS E

 City: Washington State: DC Zip Code:20019

 TelePhon(eD aYtime2)0; 258014 1I (Mobile):

 E-MaiAl ddress:s mmason3lO@aol.com FaxN umber:

 Equ ipment Contractor Name

 Name: SolarCity Corporation

 Mailing4 661sss;667L1a sV egasB lvdS outh

 City:LasV egas StateN: V Zip Code:89119

 Telephon(eD aytime)7:0 2 637-3608 (Mobile):

 E-MaiAl ddress:i nterconnection.dc@solarcity.comFacsimilNe umber:

 Final Electric lnspection and Aoplicant Siqnature

 The Small Generator Facility is complete and has been approved by the local
electric

 inspectorh avingj urisdictionA. signedc opy of the electrici nspecto/sf orm
indicatingfi nal

 approval is attached. The lnterconnectionC ustomer acknowledgest hat the Small

 GeneratorF acilityi s not ready for operationu ntil receipto f the final
acceptanceo f an

 approvabl y the ElectricD istributioCn ompany( "EDC')a s providedb elow.

 PrintedN ame:

 Signature:

 Date:

 Checki f copyo f signede lectricin spectionfo rmi s attachedI

 Acceotancea nd FinalAoorovalo f InterconnectionI nstallation( for EDCu se onlvl


 The interconnectioins tallationis approveda nd the SmallG eneratoFr acilityis
approvedfo r

 operationu nder the terms and conditionso f the Districto f ColumbiaS mall
Generator

 InterconnectioRnu lesa nd a dulys igneda nd executedln terconnectioAng reement.


 EDC waives Witness Test? (lnitial) Yes (cAF No (_)

 lf not waived, date of est:_ Passed: (lnitial) (_ )

 EDC Signature:

 PrintedN ame:

 Date: 1110312015

 ConstanceC hristopher Tile: AccountCoordinator

 t The interconnectiosnh alln ot be deemedc ompletea nd readyf or operationu
ntil the interconnectiocnu stomer

 has completedt his form, securedt he necessarya ttachmentsa nd signatures,r
eturned a copy to the EDCa t the

 EDC'sd esignateda ddressa, nd receiveda final signeda pprovalf orm from the
EDC.

 DC Level 1 InterconnectioAn polication& Aqreement

 Page 5 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopel D: 5944E981- 00F7469E-8489-21CE8FA9CFF5

 Terms and Conditions for Interconnection

 1) Constructiono f the Small GeneratorF acility.T he interconnectiocnu stomerm
ay

 proceedto construc(ti ncludingo perationatel stingn ott o exceed2 hours)t he
small

 generatofra cilityo ncet he conditionaal greementto interconnecat smallg
enerator

 facilityh as beens ignedb y the EDC.

 2) Final lnterconnectioann d OperationT. he interconnectiocnu stomerm ay
operate

 the small generatorf acilitya nd interconnecwt ith the EDC'se lectricd
istribution

 systemo ncea ll of the followingh aveo ccurred:

 a) ElectricalI nspection:U pon completingc onstructiont,h e interconnection

 customerw ill causet he smallg eneratofra cilityt o be inspectedb y the local

 electricawl iringi nspectowr ithj urisdictionw ho shalle stablishth at the
small

 generatofra cilitym eetst he requirementosf the NationaEl lectricaCl ode.

 b) Certificateo f CompletionT: he interconnectiocnu stomers hall providet he

 EDC with a completedc opy of the Certificateo f Completioni,n cluding

 evidenceo f the electricailn spectionp erformedb y the locala uthorityh aving

 jurisdictionT. he evidenceo f completiono f the electricailn spectionm ay be

 providedo n inspectionf orms used by local inspectinga uthorities.T he

 interconnectionre quest shall not be finally approved until the EDC's

 representativseig nst he Certificateo f Completion.

 c) The EDC has either waived the right to a Witness Test in the

 interconnectiorne questo, r completedit s WitnessT esta s pert he following:

 i) Withint en (10) businessd ays of the estimatedc ommissionindga te,

 the EDC may, upon reasonablen oticea nd at a mutuallyc onvenient

 time,c onducta WitnessT est of the smallg eneratofra cilityt o ensure

 that all equipmenth as been appropriatelyin stalleda nd that all

 electricacl onnectionhs aveb eenm adei n accordancew itha pplicable

 codes.

 ii) lf the EDC does not perform the Witness Test within the 10 day

 periodo r sucho thert ime as is mutuallya greedt o by the partiest,h e

 Witness Test is deemed waived.

 3) IEEE 1547. The small generator facility is installed, operated, and tested
in

 accordance with the requirements of IEEE standard 1il7, "Standard for

 InterconnectinDgi stributedR esourcesw ith ElectricP owerS ystems"a, s amended

 and supplementeda,t the timet he interconnectiorne questis submitted.

 4) Access.T he EDCs hallh aved irect,u nabateda ccesst o the meteringe
quipmenot f

 the smallg eneratofra cilitya t all times.T he EDCs hallp rovider easonablen
oticet o

 the customewr henp ossiblep riort o usingi ts righto f access.

 5) MeteringA. ny requiredm eterings hall be installedp ursuantt o appropriateta
riffs

 andt estedb y the EDCp ursuantto the EDCsm etert estingr equirements

 DC Level 1 InterconnectioAn oolication& Aqreement

 Page 6 FINAL May 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopelD : 5944E981-00F7469E-8489-21CEBFA9CFFS

 6) DisconnectionT.h e EDC may temporarilyd isconnectth e small generatorf
acility

 upont he followingc onditions:

 a) For scheduledo utagesu ponr easonablen otice;

 b) For unscheduleodu tageso r emergencyc onditions;

 c) lf the smallg eneratofra cilityd oesn ot operatei n the mannerc onsistenwt
ith

 this agreement;

 d) lmproperin stallatioonr failuret o passt he WitnessT est;

 e) lf the smallg eneratofra cilityi s creatinga safety,r eliabilityo r a powerq
uality

 problemo; r

 0 The interconnectioenq uipmenut sedb y the smallg eneratofra cilityi s
delistedb

 y the NationallyR ecognizeTd estingL aboratoryth at providedth e

 listinga t the timet he interconnectiowna s approved.

 7) IndemnificatioTnh. e partiess halla t all times indemnifyd, efend,a nd save
the

 other partyh armlessfr om, any and all damages,lo sses,c laims,i ncludingc
laims

 and actions relating to injury to or death of any person or damage to property,


 demand,s uits,r ecoveriesc, ostsa nd expensesc, ourtc osts,a ttorneyf ees,a nd
all

 , other obligationsb y or to third parties,a risingo ut of or resultingf rom
the other

 party'sa ctiono r inactionso f its obligationsu ndert his agreemenot n behalfo
f the

 indemnifyingp arty,e xcepti n caseso f grossn egligenceo r intentionawl
rongdoing

 by the indemnifiedp arty.

 8) Limitationo f Liability.E ach party'sl iabilityt o the other party for any
loss, cost,

 claim,i njury,l iabilityo, r expense,in cludingr easonablea ttorney'sfe es,
relatingt o

 or arisingf rom any act or omissionin its performanceo f this agreements, hall
be

 limitedt o the amounto f directd amagea ctuallyi ncurred.I n no events halle
ither

 partyb e liablet o the otherp artyf or any indirecti,n cidentals,p ecial,c
onsequential,

 or punitived amageso f any kindw hatsoever.

 9) TerminationT.h isa greemenmt ayb e terminatedu ndert he followingc
onditions:

 a) By interconnectiocnu stomer- The interconnectiocnu stomerm ayt erminate

 this applicationa greemenbt y providingw riftenn oticet o the EDC.

 b) By the EDC- The EDCm ay terminateth is agreemenitf the interconnection

 customerf ails to remedya violationo f terms of this agreemenwt ithin 30

 calendard aysa ftern otice,o r sucho therd atea s may be mutuallya greedt o

 priort o the expirationo f the 30 calendadr ay remedyp eriod.T he termination

 date can be no less than 30 calendar days after the interconnection

 customer eceivesn oticeo f its violationfr omt he EDC.

 10) Modificationo f Small GeneratorF acility.T he interconnectionc ustomer
shall

 providew rittenn otificationto the EDC before makinga ny modificationsto the

 smallg eneratorfa cility.T he EDC will determineif the modificationasr e minoro
r

 non-m inori n nature.W rittena uthorizatiofnro m the EDC is requiredfo r
non-minor

 changesi f the EDC determinesth at the interconnectiocnu stomer'sm odifications


 may havea significanitm pacto n the safetyo r reliabilityo f the electricd
istribution

 system.l f the interconnectiocnu stomerm akes such modificationsw ithoutt he

 EDC's prior written authorizationth e EDC shall have the right to temporarily

 disconnectth e small generatofra cilityu ntil such time as the EDC reasonably

 concludesth e modificationp osesn o threatt o the safetyo r reliabilityo f its
electric

 distributionsy stem.

 Etffi EI#EI

 DC Level 1 Int&euro;rconnectioAn oolication& Aoreement

 PageT FINAL May 2014

 DocuSignE nvelopel D: 5944E9B1-0 0F7469E-8489-21C EBFA9CFFS

 11) PermanenDt isconnectioInn. t he eventt hea greemenits terminatedth, e EDCs
hall

 have the rightt o disconnecitt s facilitieso r directt he customert o
disconnecitt s

 smallg eneratofra cility.

 Disputes. Each party agrees to attempt to resolve all disputes regarding the

 provisionso f thesei nterconnectiopnr oceduresp ursuantt o the disputer
esolution

 provisionso f the Districot f ColumbiaS mallG eneratoIrn terconnectioRnu les

 GoverningL aw, RegulatoryA uthoritya, nd Rules.T he validity,i nterpretatioann
d

 enforcemenot f this agreemenat nd eacho f its provisions hallb e governedb y
the

 lawso f the Districot f ColumbiaN. othingin this agreemenits intendedto affecta
ny

 othera greemenbt etweenth e EDCa nd the interconnectiocnu stomerH. oweveri,n

 the eventt hat the provisionso f this agreemenat re in conflictw itht he
provisionso f

 the EDC'st ariff,t he EDCt ariffs hallc ontrol.

 SurvivalR ights.T his agreements hall continuei n effect after terminationto
the

 extentn ecessaryto allowo r requiree itherp artyt o fulfillr ightso r
obligationsth at

 arose under the agreement.

 AssignmenUTransofef rO wnershipo f the SmallG eneratoFr acilityT: hisa greement


 shallt erminateu pont he transfero f ownershipo f the smallg eneratorfa cilityt
o a

 newo wneru nlesst he transferringo wnera ssignst he agreementto the newo wner

 and so notifies the EDC in writing prior to the transfer of electric service.

 DefinitionsA. ny capitalizedte rm usedh ereina nd not defineds hallh avet he
same

 meaning as the defined terms used in the District of Columbia Small Generator

 lnterconnectioRnu le

 Notice.U nlesso therwisep rovidedin this agreementa, ny writtenn otice,d emand,


 or requestr equiredo r authorizedin connectionw itht his agreemen(t" Notice"s)
hall

 be deemedp roperlyg iveni f deliveredin person,d eliveredb y recognizedn
ational

 couriers erviceo, r sentb y first classm ail,p ostagep repaidt,o the persons
pecified

 below:

 13)

 14)

 (lf to InterconnectioCnu stomer)

 Use the contact informationp rovidedi n the agreementf or the interconnectionc
ustomer.

 The interconnectiocnu stomeri s responsiblefo r notifyingt he EDC of any
changei n the

 contactp artyi nformationin, cludingc hangeo f ownership.

 (lf to EDC)

 Use the contact information provided on the EDC's web page for small generator

 interconnection.

 12)

 15)

 16)

 17)

 DC Level 1 InterconnectioAn oolication& Aqrement

 Page 8 FINAL May 2014

 Eoup

 Eo

 puo

 EL oc

 l-l

 o

 P- 6I

 tr o f; fr BtT

 P. aEgI

 eI

 ITI

 I^

 sE*

 FEE

 lufioe#

 *EE

 rE= EE5

 -ul

 PEE

 u=EEo;

 *if f E e HEE

 ol

 zl

 (u9Jlt

 5l

 @@@@@@@Oolilol;l

 ry I

 b

 6

 E

 o lE

 ooN

 o

 r

 o

 c{

 c

 E

 I=

 Eto

 Ib

 EL

 e^v Dlosauur/ll

 5I

 eoe

 I

 e$

 o_

 2{

 HE

 #e=

 ,5? "d i9- .F

 l = , r i l a

 lrJ

 aa&gt;

 gF

 &lt; &lt; i &lt;

 O

 (o

 r-r oO

 c!

 Im,

 fl

 t

 I

 E

 l d

 ! =

 :E I a

 4=

 Fz

 &gt;

 I

 - lt'

 a

 I

 t

 d

 o

 =

 ge

 Ic

 =

 ?-x

 -

 gt

 UR!

 65Ei

 tF

 lha

 I

 T-]

 &lt;l

 il{l '&lt;L i,l:Z&lt;

 ?a :94

 d d : d d lA.iit

 FE .EE t* :*H

 lg.ig

 st rl

 rS ,ES

 I o d r gr : g l

 Il , i l

 &euro;&euro; ,E&euro; r! tt

 bh,b

 @i@

 a

 t$

 I

 d

 t g

 x = E 5

 -Eg R1 E ets eI

 : * d 6

 dt - t g

 E[i=

 ob

 EE

 . . 9

 I L

 o

 o

 e \

 - F

 r)o

 lr)

 i O -

 I

 9=q

 5Ee fre2

 iE; IE

 lrl

 &lt;h o)

 9F

 &lt;&lt; a(

 [H .EH

 9a 9 8 :

 d d : d d : iii .it I

 lH ,EH,

 E q E * :

 iB :gtr :

 [ h i l f :

 lF ,lg

 S: g

 Irt'Ir!'

 J d d d d d . i*tit**:

 E E G E S T

 llti-!E

 H,M,

 @,@.

 s'icx

 { I

 9s

 d8

 Fc

 YA .:F

 g5

 :!

 !e :

 I

 ?

 E

 lc

 33

 l ;l

 l ,

 R :

 t.a,

 t

 3s: *E

 ti

 E$

 $rlt:

 ilt't'q|: EIEt

 {E&euro;e

 ut!

 h H ' ,

 @.

 ;tit:

 gI

 Ic

 Eu,

 t5

 O

 F\

 C\

 Im

 -)

 ctI

 I

 I

 F

 I B

 e =

 I P

 I.3ls

 N

 q

 I

 I

 -

 6

 I5

 !*

 E&lt;

 aI

 l

 i

 It

 I'tl

 s!-\

 Ts f;ti ;3

 L'

 ? l

 ?= t o

 3'q tE

 -F

 ) E

 ic

 ;*

 l=

 Initial File #: L00005I 14941

 GOVERNMENT OF TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA

 DEPARTMENT OF CONSUMER AND REGI.JLATORY AI'FAIRS

 CORPORATIONS DTVISION

 CERTIFICATE

 THIS IS TO CERTIRY thata lt applicabl0p rovisionso f the Disnict of ColumbiaB
usiness

 OrganizationsC ode (Title 29) haveb eenc ompliedw ith anda ccordingly, this
CERTIFICATE OF

 GOOD STANDING is hereby issued to

 SPARROWHAWK SOLAR I, LLC

 WE FLJRTHER CERTIFY thatthe qualified foreign entity is registeredt o do
businessin

 the District; that all fees, and penalties owed to the District for entity
filings collected through the

 Mayor have been paid and Payment is reflected in the records of the Mayor; The
entity's most

 recentb iennialr eportr equiredb y $ 29-102.11h asb eend eliveredfo r filing to
theM ayor;a ndt he

 entity's registrationh as not beent erminatedT. his office doesn ot havea ny
informationa boutt he

 entity'sb usinessp racticesa ndf inancials tandinga ndt his certificates halln
ot be construeda st he

 entity's endorsement.

 IN TESTIMONY WIIEREOF I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of this
office to

 be affixeda so f 314120125: 01P M

 Businessa ndP rofessionaLl icensingA dministration

 Superintendenotf Corporations

 CorporationDsi vision

 Muriel Bowser

 Mayor

 Tracking #: ilTwXnxT

 PATRICIA E. GRAYS

 f . '

 Initial File #r L00005114941

 GOVERI\MENT OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBH

 DEPARTMENT OF CONST]MER AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS

 CORPORATIONS DTVISION

 CERTIFICATE

 TIIIS IS TO CERTIF"Yt hat all applicablep rovisionso f the District of
ColumbiaB usiness

 OrganizationCs odeh aveb eenc ompliedw ith anda ccordingly,thisC ERTIFICATB OF

 REGISTRATION is hereby issued to:

 SPARROWHAWK SOLAR I, LLC

 Effective DaE:3l4l2Ol5

 IN WITNESS WIfiREOF I haveh ereuntos etm y handa ndc ausedth e sealo f this
office to be

 affixeda sof 3141201l:55 8 PM

 Businessa ndP rofessionaLli censingA dministration

 PATRICIA E. GRAYS

 Superintendeonft C orporations

 CorporationDsi vision

 Muriel Bowser

 Mayor

 Tracking #: CWLgpdKf

 DE PARTMETN O FC ONSU I I'IER& REGU LATORAYF FAIRs

 District of Columbia Government

 Foreign RegistrationS tatenrnt Form FN-l, Verstoln,J muary 2012.

 Jset his{ otmt o registeyr our

 this form.

 filing entityto conduct business in the

 ReJertoC orporatFe eeS chedulpeo stedo nline

 SparrowhawkS olarI , LLC

 Limited Liability Compmy

 AltemateN ame( ift ruel egaln amei s not available)

 shte or counby.

 orw ills tailt nnsactingb usinesisn the Districot f

 Clcanriew Way, San Matco, CA94402

 T CorporatioSny stcml,0 l5 lsth Sheet,N.WS.,u itc1 000,W a*ringtonD,. C.2 0005

 t4AR

 - t 2015

 describhee proposeadc tivityc ompanwy ill

 sy$.&euro;min stallations,e llingl,e asinga ndf inancing

 3055C fearvieWw ay,S anM ateoC, A9M0Z

 Manyc olpontef ilingsa rea vailablbey usingC brpOnlinSea rvice.

 Got oC orpOnlisniete a th fipsJ[cop.dcra.dc-gcorqa atae profilaa,c cess

 he onlinese rviceEmpaaing ea ndp roceeOd.n linfeil ersm uspt ayb yu sing

 a credcita rd.

 Pleasec heckd cra.dc.gotvo viewo rganizationrse quircdto registert,o searchb
usinessn amest,o get step-bpstepg uidelinetso registear n

 organlzationto, searchr egisteredo rganizadonas,n dt o downloadfo rmsa ndd
ocumentsJ.u slc licko n "CorporatRe egistsation.'

 8030 . 0tl/ll0il0l 2 Wqlt{r Klwd Otlin

 ,2 Dgfnwore ; PAl G,E

 Ifu first Stete

 I / .TEEEREY W. BdLLOCK, Sg,cnEEARr OE STATE. OE TEE STArt' OE

 DELAWARE, N EEREBr CF,ATIry nSpARROnEAnK SOLAR It r,r,C" IS DALr

 PORMED UIVDER TM IAWS OE TEE' STA'ITE OE DEI.AffiRE EIVD TS IN GOOD

 SrelrDItrC AIID EAS A I'EG;AIr EXI.SEENCE SO EAR Nt TEE RECORDS oF TEIS

 osrr@ sgow, As oE Tffi TErRD aay.ot uARcE, A-D. zors.

 .ITtrD T N ffiREBY FURIXEER CERTTgr.ITEAT rM

 'AXNVJ|J.

 T,.JTES NAW

 IVOJT

 DCRCAo rPD'i u'

 t{AR

 - l' 2015

 5660307 8300

 750306887

 ,effi&euro;y w. Eullock secEtary of State 'fON: 2765854

 DAW: 03-03-75

 Yov ult v!.tifrt tlris celtj'ficatr on'.li?&euro;l

 .X coz?. d.lawe,8e, gov/auth9rr. rlrtnl



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

