
SYMPOSIUM: COMPETITION & INNOVATION IN THE BROADBAND AGE: Market Definition
Analysis in Latin America with Applications to Internet- Based Industries

NAME: David S. Evans* and Elisa V. Mariscal**

BIO: * Evans is Founder, Market Platform Dynamics; Lecturer, University of
Chicago Law School; Executive Director, Jevons Institute for Competition Law and
Economics and Visiting Professor, University College London
(devans@marketplatforms.com).


** Mariscal is Managing Director, Market Platform Dynamics; Visiting Professor,
Centro de Investigaci n y Docencia Econ micas (CIDE) and Lecturer Instituto
Tecnol gico Aut nomo de M xico (ITAM) (emarsical@marketplatforms.com). We would
like to thank Alexis Pirchio for excellent research help and Google for research
support. We retain sole ownership of any errors.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The consumers who are most likely to switch are "marginal consumers" who
were already predisposed to consider other products because they view them as
good substitutes.  ... Nonetheless, CADE, who as we mentioned has not formally
adopted these guidelines to date, has noted in its resolutions the importance of
considering competitive constraints, noting that firms that are followed or
observed by other suppliers and by consumers in their negotiations to determine
prices and establish commercial conditions, must be included in the relevant
market. .  ... To illustrate the importance of competitive constraints in the
analysis of markets and power in internet-based industries we use the
Microsoft/Skype decision, which illustrates the types of questions that ought to
be posed and answered by an authority when investigating anticompetitive
practices or mergers in these industries-we do not, of course, mean to judge
this decision as a whole.  ... Even with the total time spent by internet users
on the web increasing by nearly a factor of five over this period, the 85
percent of attention losing websites in the top 15,000 in September 2002,
managed to lose a total of 460 million of hours by September 2012.  ... However,
because they are software-based media properties, these attention rivals can
engage in highly targeted advertising that is customized to the person viewing
the advertisement.  ... and Twitter illustrates, the fact that ads in one firm
are displayed and look different than they do in the other, does not mean that
the entry of one rival into the market (Twitter) cannot divert marginal
consumers from one firm to the other-going back to our best practices
lexicon-and therefore can effectively constrain competition for Yahoo!  ...
Focusing on competition between specific products and services, rather than
attention, could result in competition authorities and courts making either
false- negative or false-positive errors in their decisions.  ... For example, a
number of transactions involved vertical integration between Internet access
providers and online content producers; others involved horizontal acquisitions
either in the jurisdictions themselves or elsewhere but with effects in Latin
American countries; some of these involved online businesses, others mergers of
online and offline businesses.  ... Analyses based on functional equivalence
among services are wrong as attention rivals impose competitive constraints on
each other across boundaries defined by the products and services they provide
to consumers and advertisers.



HIGHLIGHT:
Abstract: There has been a surge of recent antitrust cases involving Internet-
based industries around the world, including in Latin America. These types of
industries present special challenges for authorities, as their analysis
requires an understanding of the fast-paced, innovative, and multi-sided nature
of these businesses. In this paper we present methods and techniques for market
definition and power analysis which emphasize the need to focus on competitive
constraints rather than structural or functional characteristics of products and
services-a particularly relevant issue in Internet-based industries. We next
explore whether the legal frameworks of Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico can
accommodate this type of analyses. Our focus then shifts to how competition
takes place in Internet-based industries; we describe how firms vie for consumer
attention and provide this attention to advertisers and developers using the
concept of "attention rivalry." Taking this theoretical background into account,
we pose the question of whether the three largest Latin American economies have
the tools, legal ability, and expertise to undertake these types of complex
analyses. We use cases to illustrate where they have done so, and review the
most relevant work they have undertaken in Internet- based industries since
2000. In our view, nothing prevents competition agencies in these countries from
conducting the correct economic analyses.

TEXT:
 [*532]

   I. INTRODUCTION


   Antitrust has expanded rapidly in Latin America over the last two decades as
a result of economic development in a number of countries, and the effort to
open up to competition former public monopolies, such as telecom and
electricity, and to modernize regulatory institutions charged with overseeing
them. These efforts have been part of a push to change the drivers of economic
growth from those that emphasized the government's role in leading the economy
to one that considers market- based competition to be best in spurring economic
performance. By the end of 2012, seventeen of the twenty Latin American
countries had competition laws and authorities in place to enforce them. The
first country that adopted a modern competition law was Chile in 1973, but since
then the remaining authorities have adopted new laws, with the Dominican
Republic being the most recent one in 2008. Tellingly, the current head of the
International Competition Network is the President of the Mexican Federal
Competition Commission.


   As with many countries, the practice of competition law enforcement is a work
in progress in Latin American countries. Competition authorities and courts are
developing best practices often by adapting methods that have been refined in
other jurisdictions to their national contexts. The purpose of this paper is to
gauge whether there is room in the current legislations for following some of
these best practices for defining markets, and analyzing market power, in merger
and monopolization cases, and to highlight their importance when studying
Internet-based industries. Market definition and market power are usually the
foundations on which merger and monopolization analyses are based. Getting this
part of the analysis correct is therefore essential.


   Some of the most complex applications of antitrust analysis concern Internet-
based industries. These industries pose challenges to the traditional analysis
of market definition and market power in part because they are highly dynamic
and the boundaries between products are typically fluid. n1 In Latin America, as
in most other parts  [*533]  of the world, Internet-based industries have become
increasingly important in the economies. Around twenty years after the birth of
commercial Internet the pace of change is accelerating as a result of greater
access to the Internet. A key contributor to this acceleration has been the
deployment of smart mobile devices and applications that run on these devices,
which are connected to the Internet. n2 For this reason, to illustrate best
practices in a complex, fast changing and innovative environment, this paper
focuses on the analysis of market definition and power in Internet-based
industries for the three Latin American economies that have already begun to
review and investigate these industries: Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico.


   The paper is organized as follows. Section I describes methods and techniques
for market definition and market power analysis. The section is meant to provide
background on the type of analyses based on international best practices that
are currently being undertaken by different authorities. It is based in part on
guidelines the authors developed for Mexico. n3


   The next section looks at the legal frameworks underlying relevant market and
market power determination in the three largest Latin American countries. We
also look at how relevant market guidelines for each of these countries support
or expand on the elements included in the laws. There is a tendency particularly
in less mature agencies-not required by the law and unfounded in economic
principles-to use mechanical approaches to market definition and market power.
In this, Latin America is not unique, as actual and best practices will
sometimes deviate.


   Section III then turns to market definition in Internet-based industries. It
focuses on market definition for a class of Internet-based firms that we call
"attention rivals". These firms vie for the time of consumers and then direct
some of that attention to advertisers. The competitive constraints for attention
rivals comes from other attention rivals regardless of whether they are offering
the same product or service. That, in part, is the explanation for the fact that
it  [*534]  is widely perceived that Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google are
each other's most significant rivals even though each specializes in very
different products and services. The section concludes with a discussion of the
European Commission's decision approving Microsoft's acquisition of Skype-an
example that used most of the principles we outline throughout this paper.


   Section IV poses the question as to whether Latin America's antitrust
authorities in its three largest economies have the technical know-how,
experience, and the operate under a sufficiently flexible legal framework-which
we review in detail in section II-to apply best practices and undertake complex
analyses in internet-based industries. In this section we begin by addressing
the issue of experience in undertaking complex analyses by presenting examples
of casework, unrelated to Internet-based industries, for each country where
authorities have used some of the principles we outlined in section II. We then
summarize the types of Internet-based cases that have historically come up in
these jurisdictions since 2000. Although the degree of complexity of these cases
has not yet required the tools and analyses we discuss here, in our opinion,
there is a good possibility that authorities will be in a position to apply
these tools to future Internet-related cases.


   II. BEST PRACTICES FOR MARKET DEFINITION AND MARKET POWER


   The purpose of market definition is to identify the competitive constraints
on the supplier of the product under consideration - the market forces that
reduce the profitability of raising prices above competitive levels or lowering
quality. If the buyers of a particular product from firm A can realistically
only turn to firm B if firm A raises its prices substantially, for instance,
then B provides the only competitive constraint on A. In general, the strength
of the competitive constraints determines whether practices engaged in by the
supplier of the product under consideration, or the combination of two or more
suppliers, could harm competition and consumers. For example, it is unlikely
that the merger of two firms could harm competition if consumers could turn to
many alternative and comparable suppliers. Those firms, once merged, would not
be able to raise prices because consumers would simply buy elsewhere.


   Market definition is closely related to the assessment of market power. n4
Market power concerns the ability of a supplier of a product to  [*535]  charge
prices that are significantly higher than those that would occur under perfect
(i.e., very intense) competition. Most businesses have some market power;
business practices are anticompetitive only when engaged in by those with
substantial market power (with the exception of hardcore cartel behavior, of
course). A particular business practice, such as entering into exclusive
contracts, could harm competition if the supplier has substantial market power
but could be benign if the supplier does not have such power. Likewise, a merger
of two firms could only result in higher prices if the concentration results in
the merged firm having significantly greater market power than either firm had
alone. Market definition is the first step in assessing market power; it
identifies the sources of competitive constraints that determine the degree of
power that a supplier (or a combination of suppliers) likely has. The weaker the
competitive constraints a firm faces, the greater its market power.


   Market definition is not, however, an end in itself. This analytical device
is useful only to the extent that it assists in assessing the competitive
constraints that are relevant for the matter under consideration. In fact, the
assessment of the relevant market could lead to significant error if it resulted
in ignoring competitive constraints, as this could lead to the false conclusion
that practices are harmful to competition, or if it resulted in exaggerating
competitive constraints, as this could lead to the false conclusion that the
practices are lawful.


   Several practices are advisable to minimize errors in market definition. We
list these as recommendations next.


   A. Identifying Competitive Constraints


   1. Always Come Back to Competitive Constraints


   Since the ultimate purpose of the analysis of market definition and power is
to assess competitive constraints it is important that the analysis of the
relevant market and market power accurately reflect these constraints.
Therefore, best practice requires that each of these competitive constraints-or
lack thereof-are carefully considered in the analysis.


   There are several key competitive constraints that could limit the ability of
the supplier of the product at issue to make changes that are adverse to the
interest of consumers. Assessing whether a merger or competitive conduct harms
consumers often requires the balancing of positive and negative effects,
including price, quality, and the rate of innovation. It is important to focus
on "net" changes since is it possible that price could increase but that
consumers would be better off because the quality of the product more than
compensates for the  [*536]  increase in price; or that price could fall but not
enough to compensate for reductions in quality or other factors. In such an
assessment, key competitive factors include:


   Demand substitutability. Could consumers turn to other products so that an
adverse change by the producer would result in consumers reducing consumption of
its product in favor of other products?


   Switching costs. Can consumers readily switch to an alternative product or do
they incur costs that would make them captive to the supplier at issue?


   Multihoming. Do consumers have ready access to several alternative versions
of a product or service so that they could easily switch from one version if it
imposed adverse conditions? The concept of multihoming is particularly relevant
when consumers make sequential decisions to "join" a service (e.g., a particular
type of payment card) and "use" the service (e.g., using a type of card
available to pay a merchant).


   Supply substitutability. Could other producers of substitute products expand
output to avail themselves of increased demand by consumers for alternatives to
the product at issue?


   Entry. Could new firms enter in competition with the supplier of the product
at issue or could existing firms switch production capacity to supply substitute
products?


   Innovation. Does incremental or drastic innovation occur rapidly enough to
either make significant market power temporary or to force the supplier at issue
to both improve its product and limit any adverse changes?  [*537]

   Buyer power. Do buyers of the product at issue have significant market power
that could prevent or limit the supplier of the product at issue from making
adverse changes?


   Complementary products. Does the supplier at issue supply complementary
products whose demand, and profitability, would fall if it made adverse changes?
A special case of this involves multi-sided platforms that serve as
intermediaries between multiple customer groups. An adverse change to consumers
on one side would reduce the value received and the price paid on the other
side.


   Regulation. Do regulatory constraints limit the ability of the supplier at
issue to make adverse changes? Alternatively do regulatory constraints limit the
ability of new firms to enter the market or expand output?


   Unfortunately, through statutes, case law, or actual practice by enforcement
agencies, some jurisdictions have adopted approaches that limit the ability to
consider some of these constraints in defining the relevant market. Moving
toward best practice requires the consideration of these constraints as part of
the assessment of market power and whether the conduct at issue harms consumers.
Errors arise when the analysis ignores one or more of these constraints in the
market definition exercise and then refuses to consider them, or treats them in
passing, in the remainder of the analysis. Failure to properly weigh these
competitive constraints not only causes mistakes in market definition; it
encourages parties to a dispute to believe that whoever wins the market
definition battle will win the war and thereby puts undue emphasis on market
definition.


   2. Focus on "Marginal" Consumers


   The basic question that motivates the assessment of market power is whether
enough consumers would switch to substitute products in response to a price
increase by a supplier of the product under consideration to make the price
increase unprofitable. The consumers who are most likely to switch are "marginal
consumers" who were already predisposed to consider other products because they
view  [*538]  them as good substitutes. If there are enough of these consumers
who would switch then the price increase would not be profitable. Identifying,
measuring, and estimating the behavior of these marginal consumers is critical
to best practice market definition.


   Figure 1

    [figure]


   Figure 1 above illustrates this point by considering the case where every
consumer buys at most one unit, a reasonable approximation for some
durable-goods markets (e.g., central air conditioners or washing machines).
Consumers are, in effect, listed on the demand schedule at the point
corresponding to the most they would be willing to pay for the good. The diagram
shows the case where a 5 percent price increase results in a 20 percent decrease
in the quantity demand, as a result of there being a significant number of
consumers at the margin between wanting to buy the product in question rather
than substitute products. Once the price goes up, they switch.


   A common mistake in the analysis of market definition and market power is to
focus on what the "typical" or "average" consumer would do. The typical or
average consumer may not in fact switch to substitute products when a supplier
increases its price. That is the case shown in Figure 1. But it usually is not
the average consumer who determines whether a supplier can profit from a price
increase. So long as there are enough consumers "at the margin" between the
supplier's product and alternatives, the price increase cannot result in greater
profits. Suppose, for example, that a firm has variable cost per unit of $ 5 and
would sell 100 units at a price of $ 10 for a profit, before  [*539]  fixed
costs, of $ 500. (This may or may not be enough to cover fixed costs, of
course.) Suppose 80 percent of consumers would buy from this supplier even with
a small price increase of say $ 1, so that the "typical" consumer will not
switch in response to this price change. But suppose that 20 percent are
extremely price sensitive, so that if this firm raised its price to $ 11, all
would switch to another product. That would reduce sales to 80 units and reduce
profit before fixed costs to $ 480, making the price increase unprofitable. For
details of how to analyze this in practice, see Section III below. n5


   When there is product differentiation, which is present in most real-world
markets, there may be discrete categories of consumers that will switch from a
product in question at various price points or based on particular product
attributes. Depending on what the price is, and how much it is changing, many or
a few consumers might switch in response to a price change. Understanding how
the market is segmented is important in these cases. For example,
telecommunications cases have often brought up the question of whether fixed and
mobile phones are substitutes and whether price changes would entice consumers
to switch from one to the other. Although, for some consumers, phones-whether
fixed-line or mobile-may represent a means of voice communication, in reality
the ability to communicate by voice "on the move" using the latter means that
for mobile phone consumers, a fixed- line phone is probably not a good
substitute even ignoring the other features that mobile phones provide; the same
of course is not true for fixed-line phones for which a mobile phone may well be
a good substitute. In both cases, it is the number of consumers who would likely
switch (the marginal consumers) that will determine whether these products are,
or are not, good substitutes.


   3. Use the Right Basis for Assessing Competitive Constraints


   One of the consequences of a firm already having significant market power is
that the firm may have raised the price so much that marginal consumers might
have already switched to poor substitutes. This is the well-known cellophane
paradox based on a US case. n6 The cellophane producer had raised prices so high
that the marginal consumers considered paper and other methods for covering food
as  [*540]  alternatives. The only reason these products were substitutes is
because the firm had exercised market power. The cellophane paradox highlights
the fact that the analysis of market definition and market power needs to be
careful about the vantage point from which it is assessing market power.


   In a monopolization matter, the relevant question ordinarily concerns whether
the party at issue in the case has significant market power. For this purpose
the question is whether it is currently able to adopt pricing and related
policies that differ significantly from what a competitive firm would do. Thus,
the benchmark for assessing competitive constraints is the constraints that
would limit a competitive producer of the product. In particular, the relevant
demand-side substitutes are the ones that consumers would consider if price were
increased from the competitive level.


   In a merger matter, by contrast, the relevant question concerns whether the
merging parties could, through their combination, make things worse for
consumers. In this case the relevant question is whether, given the state of the
industry today, competitive constraints would limit the merging parties from
raising prices. The fact that either or both merging parties have significant
market power does not affect the analysis since for the purposes of a merger
review competition law usually accepts the market as it is now. It is only the
worsening of market conditions that causes antitrust concerns. So here, the
relevant demand-side substitutes are the ones that consumers would consider if
prices were increased from the current level even if the current level is not
competitive.


   4. Recognize that No Real Competitive Market Looks Like Textbook Competition


   There are two features of real-world competitive markets that competition
analysis needs to account for.


   First, almost all real-world markets involve products and services that are
differentiated from each other. Consumers have different preferences for
products and services and different needs depending on their circumstances.
People even of the same income like different kinds of beer and different types
of cars. There is therefore a market opportunity to cater to these preferences
and needs. Businesses respond to these market opportunities by creating
different types of products and coming up with innovations that will appeal to
particular people. Businesses have strong incentives to exploit the differences.
There are usually limited profit opportunities in producing the same product and
service as everyone else. Therefore, hardly anything is a perfect substitute for
anything else. But many  [*541]  products are imperfect substitutes and these,
individually or collectively, could constrain the ability of a firm to impose
adverse conditions on consumers.


   Second, most seemingly competitive real-world industries do not, and cannot,
operate at the point where price equals marginal cost-the equilibrium that
maximizes welfare in the standard model of perfect competition used by
economists. n7 The reason is that most firms incur fixed costs including the
fixed costs of establishing the business in the first place. To recover these
fixed costs, and therefore earn at least a competitive return on their capital,
they have to charge prices that are in excess of marginal cost; that is they
must have a positive operating margin to cover their costs. Many firms in
seemingly competitive industries engage in value pricing-that is price
discrimination-to earn enough profit from various subsets of consumers to cover
their fixed costs of production.


   5. Collect Evidence from Multiple Sources


   In practice, competition policy analysis seldom has available conclusive
evidence. Most types of evidence are subject to frailties or open to
interpretation. By combining multiple sources of evidence, however, it is
possible to reach more robust conclusions. Key sources of evidence include:


   Interchangeability information. Do consumers switch between products based on
common knowledge? That is, are there documents, studies or other evidence that
would provide information on the relative ease or difficulty of adopting
different technologies or switching to alternative products? Is this a simple
process or does it require specialized knowledge or learning? Do all consumers
or only some consumers do this? This may help focus the analysis on the marginal
consumer.


   Company records on competitors. Who do company executives say they compete
with? Sales force documents, minutes of meetings among senior management,
securities filings,  [*542]  and public documents such as those provided to
investors may say. Especially when produced in the normal course of business
such evidence is highly informative.


   Win-loss sales reports. What do company sales records show about who they win
sales from and who they lose sales from most frequently (particularly important
for business to business, or B2B). This is particularly strong evidence on who
effectively constrains a company in the marketplace.


   Customer surveys. These are surveys whose questionnaires have been designed
to obtain an insight into consumer reactions to price increase. They ask
consumers what products they would switch to if prices went up. They also allow
to better focus on marginal vs. average consumers.


   Statistical estimates. Conduct statistical analysis of historical data on
prices and demand. Historical analysis can prove useful in determining whether
recent price information is indeed the right basis for assessing competitive
constraints, nevertheless, even what economists note as "data regularities" may
not necessarily be regular and additional evidence is also beneficial.


   Natural experiments. Compare demand patterns between different places with
different prices. These types of analyses are very useful provided that
allowances are made for variables that can capture and isolate differences not
solely explained by price variations.


   Standard tests used to analyze mergers and antitrust cases, with a particular
focus on price. Hypothetical monopolist test or small but significant and non-
transitory increase in price  [*543]  (SSNIP) test. We would caution on the use
of these tests, however, as they tend to focus on price competition only, and
ignore other dimensions of competition that are relevant to a firm's business.


   We now look at the underlying legal institutions as well as the case law,
which governs competition determinations in the three largest Latin American
economies. We seek to determine whether these best practices are either
explicitly mentioned or whether there are legal impediments to their
application.


   III. CASE LAW AND DECISIONAL PRACTICE IN LATIN AMERICA


   It is widely recognized among antitrust authorities and practitioners that
competition analysis needs to incorporate economic thinking in decisions.
Furthermore, there needs to be a flexible approach in employing economic tools
to diverse industries, and to accommodate technological change. The recent
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Roundtable
discussions on Market Definition, n8 for example, note the importance of
recognizing the existence of multiple methods to arrive at an answer for the
main goal of market definition: to capture competitive constraints faced by a
firm as accurately as possible.


   Over the last 25 years, many jurisdictions around the world have made an
effort to modernize their approach to antitrust. It began in the US in the
mid-1970s, when courts began incorporating economic analysis into their
decisions, and was continued and deepened as authorities issued the 1982 merger
guidelines. In Latin America, this effort to make transparent its use of
economic tools in antitrust analysis is just underway, with the publication of
guidelines starting in the late 1990s. It is not a simple undertaking.


   Modernizing antitrust can be a more challenging exercise in countries with
civil law traditions that tend to have hierarchical laws each with a precise
interpretation mostly based on the letter of the law and not always its intent.
Changes to the interpretation of this vast body of laws very often require a
redrafting of the statutes by the legislative branch. It is particularly
challenging in countries whose  [*544]  legal systems have tended to be
particularly formal, or whose judges are not entirely attuned to a subject so
intricately related with economics. Nevertheless, Latin America can look to
other jurisdictions for some direction. In the US and the EU there has been a
push for more economic thinking, particularly in merger cases. n9 Both these
jurisdictions have followed up by modernizing their approaches to market
definition through guidelines, and/or notices and regulations that have inserted
economic thinking into decisions.


   With rapid technological advances revolutionizing many industries, it is
critically important to modernize antitrust analysis. Internet, mobile, and
other technological changes have made traditional formalistic methods obsolete,
as these were designed for industrial settings that were fundamentally different
from the dynamic and fluid industries that authorities are increasingly
addressing in mergers or conduct cases. There is a clear recognition of this
among most mature competition agencies around the world, as emphasized in the
OECD discussion paper cited above.


   By reviewing the legal frameworks of Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico in this
section, we make a case that there is nothing holding back Latin American
countries from following the modernization efforts of other jurisdictions. In
fact, some of these countries are taking such steps already. In Section IV, we
use some recent technical decisions by the three authorities regarding mergers
and anticompetitive practices to illustrate the application of economic tools to
antitrust cases.


   A. Competition Law Framework in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico


   1. Argentina


   Argentina's enabling statute is its 1980 Law 22,262, which was subsequently
modified in 1999 with Law 25,156. The 1980 law was largely based on Articles 85
and 86 (now Articles 101 and 102 TFEU) of European Union's Treaty of Rome, thus
prohibiting price fixing agreements (cartels) and banning abuse of dominance
(unilateral practices). n10 Merger control was not introduced until 1999 with
the new law.

     [*545]

   This law created the National Commission for the Defense of Competition,
under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Commerce and International Economic
Negotiations, which subsequently rendered a final decision. The 1999 law created
an autonomous National Tribunal for the Defense of Competition with the
authority to resolve cases and impose remedies and fines; the Tribunal has not
yet been created.


   Meanwhile, all decisions by administrative authorities can be challenged
before courts in the federal system. Most appeals are heard before the Federal
Civil and Commercial Court of Appeals in Buenos Aires, which is a
quasi-specialized court, but not specialized in competition matters. n11 Its
decisions can be further appealed to the Supreme Court. Although the legal
system does not create binding precedent, cases decided by the courts,
especially the Supreme Court, do have practical effects on antitrust decisions.


   2. Brazil


   Brazil's first competition law was enacted in 1962 (Law 4137-62). The law was
subsequently reformed in 1994 (Law 8884/94) and more recently in 2011 (Law
12,529/12). n12 The new statute considers violations of the law cartels (article
36, paragraph 3), and various unilateral and concerted actions (also within the
purview of article 36), noting more generally that any actions which limit or
restrict competition, control markets, arbitrarily increase profits, or
constitute an abuse dominant position are economic violations under the law. The
law prohibits mergers that eliminate competition in a substantial portion of the
relevant market or that enhance a position of dominance in a relevant market.
The biggest change in the new law relates to merger review. The previous law had
language that would apparently require all agreements, not just mergers, to be
reviewed; this is clarified under the new law, which also streamlines review
[*546]  procedures and updates thresholds (Title VII, Chapter I, articles 88-
91). n13


   In Brazil, the law that created the current competition authority, the
Administrative Council for Economic Defense (CADE), was enacted before the
1990s. The 1962 Law 4137/62 created CADE and up until 2011, CADE shared
competition enforcement responsibilities with the Secretariat of Economic Law of
the Ministry of Justice (SDE) and the Secretariat for Economic Monitoring of the
Ministry of Finance (SEAE). The new law establishes that the Brazilian
Competition Defense System is made up of CADE and SEAE. n14 It transfers SDE's
investigative and preliminary enforcement responsibilities to a new CADE
Superintendent, and terminates SEAE's advisory role in conduct and merger
investigations. The new law grants CADE judicial powers and makes it a federal
agency that depends on the Ministry of Justice, but continues SEAE's competition
advocacy responsibilities.


   An internal appeal exists before CADE's Plenary and is then appealed before
courts. Courts are a significant source of delay in CADE's decisions. Federal
courts of first instance hear appeals, with a second appeal from regional courts
of appeals and then the Supreme Court of Justice. Cases involving claims of
unconstitutionality may be appealed beyond the Superior Court of Justice to the
Supreme Federal Court. Even though judges are not obligated to follow higher
court decisions, they have begun to do so. Generally, the merits of the
decisions are currently left to specialized tribunals such as CADE.


   3. Mexico


   Mexico's first prohibition of monopoly comes from its 1857 Constitution. n15
With no legislation to make this prohibition effective, competition policy did
not really exist until 1993, when it was adopted  [*547]  as part of the
conditions for the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).
The Federal Law for Economic Competition (LFCE), n16 largely inspired by US
statutes, has been praised for its simplicity and breadth by the OECD in its
2004 review, n17 but it has proven to be difficult to understand for courts and
practitioners, because of the widespread use of economic concepts throughout it.
The law divides conduct into two types: those that ought to be reviewed under a
per se standard, and those that ought to be reviewed under a rule of reason
standard. Cartels lie in the first category ("absolute monopolistic practices"),
and all other conduct that must be analyzed under a rule of reason
standard-including unilateral conduct-under the second type ("relative
monopolistic practices"). Merger review was also included in the original law,
with thresholds pegged to minimum wages to ensure that these are in line with
current economic conditions.


   The law created the Federal Competition Commission (CFC) as a technically
autonomous agency, dependent in its budget on the Ministry of the Economy. It is
responsible for enforcing the law and has other attributions outside the LFCE
and noted under laws in regulated sectors, mainly overseeing competition
conditions in regulated sectors that, if absent, may trigger price regulation
imposed by sectoral regulators. It can also give binding opinions in certain
public tender processes and administrative bills, which can only be overturned
by a Presidential veto.


   During its initial years the CFC's decisions were subjected to an avalanche
of appeals before the courts. Economic agents not only appealed decisions, but
also every single administrative act through district judges, appellate
tribunals, and the Supreme Court. In its decisions, the courts have made clear
that the use of economic terminology in the law is constitutional. To strengthen
the CFC, there have been two reforms to the law, in 2006 and 2011, mostly
granting the CFC additional powers, streamlining its merger procedures, allowing
for a leniency program (to incentivize self-reporting of violations), and
increased fines for violations. Another round of  [*548]  reforms are currently
under discussion to increase the powers of the CFC.


   B. Market Definition and Market Power


   1. Argentina


   While the law makes no specific mention of relevant market definition,
Article 5 identifies three factors to be considered in determining the existence
of market power: the degree of substitution of the product or service (including
the possibility of substituting with imports, the conditions for substitution
and the time required to substitute); legal barriers to access these substitute
goods by consumers or suppliers; and the ability of a seller to unilaterally
influence prices. These factors should be considered in both merger and
unilateral conduct cases. The guidelines issued for merger analysis (Resolution
164/2001) describe relevant market and power determinations. These are official
guidelines, binding on the authority in merger cases. While not required in
unilateral conduct cases, the guidelines are usually followed by agencies,
especially when other guidance does not exist.


   Resolution 164/2001 notes that the product market includes those goods and/or
services that are substitutes based on characteristics, prices, and consumption
purpose. Substitutes are those goods that capture the demand of a consumer, and
should therefore be included in the same market. While the guidelines include
the SSNIP test as a valid methodology for determining relevant market, it notes
that the test is not conclusive to relevant market determination. The guidelines
consider the possibility that price could be higher than marginal costs due to
high fixed or sunk costs and takes into account characteristics other than price
to determine demand substitution, such as additional services supplied by the
company. None of these statements would contradict or negate the competitive
constraints analysis that we discussed previously.


   2. Brazil


   While the law makes no explicit mention of how to define relevant markets, it
states that dominance is presumed when a company or group of companies wields
more than 20% of a relevant market (but grants discretion to CADE to modify this
threshold for specific sectors). Thus, market shares are a hard boundary in the
analysis of both mergers and unilateral conduct, making market definition a
critical step in the process.

     [*549]

   CADE has mentioned, but never formally adopted the Horizontal Merger
Guidelines issued by SDE and SEAE in 2001. n18 The guidelines mention elements
for the definition of a relevant market-including undertaking a hypothetical
monopolist test- and the need to evaluate the probability of exercising market
power-with a safe harbor of up to 20% market share and a measure of the
participation of the four largest firms (C4), below 75%, or up to a 10% market
share and a C4, above 75%. Thus, the guidelines posit a traditional or
formalistic merger analysis, which would require a clearly defined relevant
market where market shares could be determined, and an identification of
economic agents and their joint shares in the market (at least the four
largest). n19 Nonetheless, CADE, who as we mentioned has not formally adopted
these guidelines to date, has noted in its resolutions the importance of
considering competitive constraints, noting that firms that are followed or
observed by other suppliers and by consumers in their negotiations to determine
prices and establish commercial conditions, must be included in the relevant
market. n20


   3. Mexico


   In Mexico, market definition is a legal prerequisite for a finding of harm-in
the case of abuse of dominance or monopolization claims (relative monopolistic
practices under Mexican law)-and a requirement for a finding of potential
harm-in the case of mergers, the analysis of public tenders, and determinations
of effective competition conditions in regulated sectors. n21 As such, market
definition and power determinations must reach hard boundaries, including
estimating or considering market shares before any decision is taken requiring
this analysis.


   According to statute, a market definition analysis must examine substitution
possibilities, (article 12, paragraph I); transportation costs for the relevant
product, its inputs, complements, and  [*550]  substitutes to determine the
relevant geographic market (article 12, paragraph II); users' possibilities of
switching to alternative product or service offerings-to a large extent a
re-statement of substitution possibilities-(article 12, paragraph III); and
barriers to entry or expansion (article 12, paragraph IV). For market power
determination the law requires that the authority "consider" market shares and
the economic agent's ability to fix prices unilaterally (article 13, paragraph
I); barriers to entry (article 13, paragraph II); the existence and power of
rivals (article 13, paragraph III); access to inputs (article 13, paragraph IV);
recent behavior (article 13, V); and other criteria established in the bylaws.


   The statute, while imposing strict requirements on any analysis (e.g. market
share "consideration"), does not establish thresholds or methodologies, noting
only that there must be a finding of harm. In mergers, harm is described as
those mergers "whose objective or effect is to reduce, harm or prevent
competition and free market access of products and services that are equal,
similar or substantially related . . ." these are prohibited. In conduct
investigations, harmful actions are those ". . . whose object or effect is or
may be to unduly displace other agents from the market, substantially foreclose
their access, or establish exclusive advantages in favor of one or more persons
. . ." Because the law is silent about possible methodologies for relevant
market and market power determination, the authority has some flexibility to use
new or different analytical tools to support its conclusions and eventual
decisions.


   An increased awareness of the need for methodological guidance recently led
the CFC to commission white papers on market definition and market power. The
reference documents are intended to be used for any procedures that require this
analysis, not just mergers. The previous section draws largely from these two
white papers. n22


   C. Summary


   While all three authorities incorporate elements of a formalistic approach in
their legislations, including the need to calculate market shares (Mexico), and
even safe harbors (Brazil and Argentina), they also require (Argentina) or
suggest (Brazil) the use of the hypothetical monopolist test, and mention
minimum elements that need to be accounted for in market definition analysis,
such as substitution, and in market power determination, for example barriers.
We summarize  [*551]  and compare the flexibility in each country's legal
framework to accommodate different technical elements in their analysis of
markets and power in the following table.


   Table 1: Market Definition and Market Power Determination in Latin America.

   [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

   + n23

   + n24


   + n25

   ? n26


   ? n27

   ? n28

   + n29


   + n30

   + n31

    [*552]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

   + n32

   + n33

   + n34

   + n35

   + n36

   + n37

   + n38

   + n39

   + n40

   ? n41

   ? n42

   + n43  [*553]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

   ? n44

   + n45

   ? n46

   + n47

   + n48

   + n49

   + n50

   + n51

   ? n52

   + n53  [*554]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

   + n54

   + n55

   ? n56



   Table 1 suggests a consensus about the goals and elements required for market
definition and determination of market power, with other elements still to be
defined as the case law and practice evolve. There is sufficient latitude in the
legal frameworks of these three jurisdictions to determine competitive
constraints. In our view, nothing in the legal framework prevents competition
agencies in these countries from conducting the correct economic analysis.


   Nonetheless, as the next section discusses, internet-based industries exhibit
traits that make economic analysis more complex relative to other industries and
which, if ignored, can lead to incorrect conclusions. We discuss some of the
principles that ought to be considered in defining markets and analyzing market
power for online businesses, largely based on the idea that many of these firms
are in fact rivals for users' attention. n57 To illustrate the importance of
competitive constraints in the analysis of markets and power in internet-based
industries we use the Microsoft/Skype decision, which illustrates the types of
questions that ought to be posed and answered by an authority when investigating
anticompetitive practices or mergers in these industries-we do not, of course,
mean to judge this decision as a whole. A more recent case, which also undertook
this  [*555]  type of analysis, is the decision by the High People's Court in
China in the matter of Qihoo v. Tencent. The Court in this matter concluded that
Tencent did not have a dominant position partly because it competed against
several other platforms that attracted traffic by using different products and
services and led to profits from the sale of advertising and value-added
services. n58


   IV. INTERNET-BASED INDUSTRIES


   A. The Development of Online Industries


   The online industry has resulted from the evolution of two related
technologies, the World Wide Web and the development of mobile
telecommunications. The first, the Web, consists of pages that people can see
with a browser and accessed over the Internet. Internet-based industries,
however, now transcend products and services offered and accessed through these
pages only, as they increasingly include offline products and services among
their offerings, e.g. Amazon.com competes with brick and mortar stores, Google
Drive competes with Microsoft's Windows/Office offerings; in fact there are
traditional appliances that are now controlled over the internet (thermostats,
washer and dryers).


   Up until recently webpages were primarily accessed using personal computers.
This is no longer the case, which leads us to the second major development of
the World Wide Web: the development of mobile communications. Most people in the
world have a mobile phone that they can use over domestic wireless networks. A
steadily increasing fraction of those users have "smart mobile devices" which
enable them to access the Internet. Those devices are computers with operating
systems that support mobile applications and browsers. Both developments have
spurred the creation of businesses, or extensions of existing businesses, that
rely on these online technologies. These online businesses conduct many of their
activities "in the cloud"-collections of server computers that are accessed
through the Internet.


   The development of the Internet has led to the creation of an "online world"
of commerce and community. The development of smart mobile phones has resulted
in the deep penetration of the online world through the day and across physical
location. The result is that increasingly the Internet is always on, everywhere.
[*556]  Importantly, the development of smart mobile phones is spurring the
growth of online industries in developing and lesser-developed economies because
it lowers the cost of access significantly to a large portion of people and
businesses.


   Today, and looking forward, the online and offline worlds are merging.
Internet connectivity over wireless is being integrated into more devices such
as point-of- sale devices for merchants, cars, and televisions. Moreover, an
increasing number of people carry during their movement through the physical
world smart mobile phones with location-based technologies that enable
Internet-connected applications to know where users are. The result of this is
that many physical activities, including shopping, are integrating online
aspects.


   Despite the fact that the development of the commercial Internet happened
almost two decades ago there remains rapid growth and innovation. In the United
States, for example, which has one of the most advanced online industries,
online commerce still accounts for only 5 percent of total commerce. There is a
common misconception-known as the "end of history illusion"-that we have seen
all the change there is and that the most recent revolution is the last, this
illusion recurs whenever we face a major technological change or drastic
innovation. It is useful to keep this illusion in mind in considering market
definition for the online world. Six years ago-but more than a decade after the
rise of the commercial Internet-smart phones, social networking, and
micro-blogging were insignificant activities. Six years hence it would appear
likely that there will be new activities as disruptive as these.


   Before we begin our analysis of competitive constraints for online businesses
it is useful to survey the current state of development of these businesses in
Latin America and the three countries that we are focused on. Most Latin
American countries have a vibrant Internet-sector with many consumers engaging
in online activities. As a general matter e-commerce is not as highly developed
in most Latin American countries as it is in the US and most of the EU
countries. Nevertheless, there are certain similarities; about 25 percent of the
time spent online in the region involves using social networks compared with 29
percent in the US. Table 2 summarizes key aspects of Internet use in Argentina,
Brazil, and Mexico. We have also provided comparisons to the US. Obviously, the
use of the Internet in Latin America also shows significant differences between
major cities and outlying areas.

     [*557]

   Table 2: Summary of Internet Use in Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico

[SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]

     n59

    n60

    n61

    n62


   While there are differences in infrastructure build-up (broadband
penetration) and even in device ownership (percent of people with smart phones),
it is interesting to note that the one variable where all three countries have
similar numbers is the average time they spend each month using the Internet,
regardless of the means by which they are accessing it, which is roughly 26
hours. This reflects a fairly hard constraint-all Internet-based firms must
compete for a share of the total amount of time users spend using the Internet.
We call this "competition for scarce attention" and discuss it in more detail
below. n63

     [*558]

   B. Basic Economics of Online Industries


   There are several aspects of online businesses that can affect the
competitive constraints that online businesses face.


   1. Multi-Sided Platforms


   Many online businesses are multi-sided platforms that serve as
intermediaries-or in some way connect-two or more distinct groups of customers.
n64 The most common situation involves properties that connect consumers with
merchants. Some of these properties attract consumers with content and then
present advertisements that help merchants obtain sales. Others provide online
malls that create a place for consumers to shop and merchants to sell online.
Other platforms attract users and support application developers. Many of those
application developers in turn connect consumers and merchants. Like many
multi-sided platforms, online platforms often provide services to one side of
the platform at no charge (the "subsidy side") and make money from the other
side (the "money side").


   Multi-sided platforms often have indirect network effects. Users on one side
of the platform value having a larger number of users on the other side of the
platform. That creates a start-up problem because platforms need to have a
critical mass of customers on both sides to be viable. An online mall is not
valuable to shoppers unless there are enough merchants, and is not valuable to
merchants unless there are enough shoppers. That also creates an engine for
growth. Once a platform reaches critical mass, more users on one side may entice
more users on the other side; these sorts of positive feedback effects can fuel
growth.


   In the early days of the Internet, some commentators argued that positive
feedback effects would result in first-movers attaining monopolies. In fact, as
we will see below reality has been much more complicated than that. Many
investors who bet on the positive feedback strategy as the road to monopoly and
riches were wiped out in the dot.com crash of 2001. As we will see below, churn
has largely characterized these industries, not just during a stock market
crash, and this includes those firms who arrived first to market and who were
regarded as unseatable.

     [*559]

   2. Technology


   Online businesses rely almost entirely on software that runs in the cloud.
That software could be a sophisticated platform such as Facebook, or it could be
a simple web site designed to display content. As a result, these businesses
typically involve a fixed cost for developing the software n65 and a low
marginal cost for people accessing that software. This software can support
third-party developers by exposing Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and
providing other services; that is, the software becomes a multi-sided software
platform. n66


   The underlying software and IT technology for online businesses has two
implications. At least in terms of the physical infrastructure for the business
the cost of entry is relatively low. It is possible to start and grow rapidly
with a programmer and rented server space. It is also relatively easy-since it
involves writing code-to change and add features to the products and services
being offered. And once those changes and features are added it is possible to
make them available to all customers instantly. Thus, online businesses are very
different from physical businesses and particularly manufacturing businesses.


   3. Competition for Scarce Attention


   Many online businesses seek the attention of consumers and then make that
attention available to advertisers, merchants, developers, and others. That
attention, however, is a scarce commodity. People only have so much attention
since they have to sleep, work, and do various other things that cannot be done
offline. This scarcity creates intense competition among online businesses to
get that attention. It is the main driver behind innovation as businesses try to
develop something new to attract attention. Competition among these online
attention rivals is the principal focus of the remainder of this section because
they constitute the preponderance of online activity and shape the dynamics of
much online competition.


   We focus on evidence from the United States in much of this discussion since
it is one of the more advanced online markets and therefore provides a harbinger
of developments for Latin America. There is also systematic data over long
periods of time available in the  [*560]  US to assess dynamic competition,
which may not always be readily available even for the largest or more advanced
Latin American economies, which we have studied here. Whenever possible, we will
provide similar information for Argentina, Brazil, and/or Mexico or for the
region as a whole.


   C. Attention Rivalry


   People only have so much time-precisely 168 hours a week. That time gets
parceled out to various activities involving work, leisure, and sleep. Increases
in activities that one can do online can draw time away from other activities
that comprise this fixed time constraint for consumers. However, that
substitution becomes harder to do since it is difficult for consumers to curtail
activities such as work, sleep, and various leisure activities.


   1. Evidence on Competition for Scarce Attention


   In fact, in the United States the amount of time the average Internet user
spent online doubled between 2001 and 2010. n67 But the number of distinct web
servers increased six fold in part because of the entry of new web properties
and the expansion of those properties. The amount of content likely increased
more than six fold since those servers were able to handle an increasing amount
of capacity as memory prices declined. Therefore, the amount of online content
increased far more rapidly than the amount of attention available for that
content.


   A study for the US conducted by Evans found that of the top 15,000 websites
in September 2002, 12,775 (85 percent) had fewer hours spent by visitors in
September 2012 than in September 2002. n68 Furthermore, 14,036 (94 percent)
increased the total time spent by less than the 373 percent increase in the
overall time spent on websites, and therefore had declining shares of attention.
Even with the total time spent by internet users on the web increasing by nearly
a factor of five over this period, the 85 percent of attention losing  [*561]
websites in the top 15,000 in September 2002, managed to lose a total of 460
million of hours by September 2012. These 460 million hours represent 30 percent
of the total number of hours spent on all websites in September 2002.


   A further analysis suggested that, over the decade, consumers shifted not
just between websites in the same category, such as playing games online, but
between different categories. In particular the share of the amount of time
spent on portals (including search) declined from 68 percent in 2002 to 28
percent in 2012 while the share of time spent on social networking increased
from 2 percent in 2002 to 29 percent in 2012.


   There is one important point to note on the scarcity of attention. The
development of smart mobile phones resulted in a discrete jump in the attention
available for online activities. That is because people can use mobile devices
throughout the day and engage in multi-tasking with them in ways that they could
not do as conveniently with computers. That jump occurred in the late 2000s as
people started acquiring the new iPhone and then Android-based phones. The trend
is continuing as more people acquire these and other smart mobile phones and
tablets.


   2. Competition for Seeking Attention


   Attention rivals see each other as competitors. As Yahoo! observed, "[w]e
also compete with social media and networking sites which are attracting a
substantial and increasing share of users and users' online time, and may
continue to attract an increasing share of online advertising dollars." n69 A
review of financial filings by leading web properties found that many of them
identify other properties that provide very different products and services as
rivals. n70 What these properties all have in common is that they are seeking
attention from consumers and are trying to make money by selling that attention
to retailers or programmers.


   In this part we examine the competitive constraints they impose on each other
for seeking attention and in the next for providing attention.

     [*562]

   a. Scarcity of Attention


   Consumer attention is an input into selling advertising, sales services, and
other services. It is scarce because consumers have a limited amount of time
available and because a minute spent on one website is a minute less available
for another website. As with any scarce input, firms must compete vigorously in
order to attain it. The pursuit of attention sets up the basic dynamic of much
online competition.


   On this basis, competition occurs among very different offerings of site
content, such as: search sites, social networking, social media, portals,
auction sites, newspapers, entertainment, multimedia, games, etc. In Table 3 we
show the different types of competition that websites competing for advertise
are facing.


   Table 3. Ranking of types of websites in the selected countries by Total
Minutes stayed at the site. n71

    [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  [*563]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]


   It is interesting to note that time spent is not overwhelmingly concentrated
in one or a couple of websites. If we estimate a Herfindahl Hirschman Index
(HHI) for these 20 attention grabbers in Latin America (based on Argentina's top
20) the HHI's for Argentina, Mexico, and Brazil are 1,220 1,198 and 1,308
respectively-figures that denote relatively unconcentrated markets.
Concentration is overestimated with this measure as it excludes all other
websites that do not make the top 20-it assumes they have a zero share of the
market for consumers' web minutes.


   b. Pricing for Securing Attention


   Attention seekers typically do not charge consumers for visiting their online
properties and in fact entice them to come to their sites, and spend time there,
with valuable services. This practice is similar to that of many multi-sided
platforms that make access free, or indeed subsidize, one group of consumers.
They do that, as is the case with attention seekers, in part because that group
of consumers is highly valuable to the other side. In the case of attention
rivals, it is especially not surprising that consumers get services for free
given that there is intense competition for scarce attention.


   c. Feature Competition


   Given a price of zero, attention seekers primarily compete for attention by
offering new attractive features. That constant feature competition is
particularly apparent to users of smart mobile devices. Many times over the
space of the year users are prompted to update their applications often as a
result of the addition of new features. Feature competition is rapid and
pervasive among attention seekers in part because of how they attract new
customers and keep existing ones engaged. Consumers have come to expect that
online businesses will do this and that their online businesses must introduce
new  [*564]  features regularly to remain competitive. Importantly, a website
can add a new feature and all of its users all around the world can immediately
have access to it.


   d. Drastic Innovation


   In addition to feature competition, there is "drastic innovation" which
creates completely new and highly trafficked categories. Examples of these over
the last decade include Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, Wikipedia, and YouTube.
These websites brought new products and services in the market previously not
even in the consumer's imagination.


   e. Entry, Exit, and Churn


   There is frequent entry by advertising-supported online attention seekers.
These range from small businesses such as blogs to ones that become large
quickly such as Twitter. As the study by Evans documented for the US, each
month, Compete.com reports the top 15,000 websites by unique visitors. Out of
the top 15,000 websites in the January 2012 list, 3,954 (26 percent) were
replaced by different websites on the July 2012 list, just six months later. n72
Many of these new entrants quickly grew to a substantial size. The largest 100
of them each had more than 150,000 hours of time, which would have placed them
in the top sixth of the January 2012 list. n73 Over a longer time period, out of
the 15,000 websites in the September 2002 list, 12,257 (82 percent) were
replaced by different websites on the September 2012 list, a full ten years
later. n74 As a consequence of this growth, the number of very large websites is
growing. Table 4 shows the growth in the number of websites with more than one
million hours of attention per month.

     [*565]

   Table 4: Growth in the Number of Websites Attracting Large Amounts of Time
Spent in the US. n75

    [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]


   We see this churn in Latin America as well. Tables 5-7 show the change in the
rankings of websites between 2006 and 2013 measured by number of visits, based
on data from Alexa for our three study countries. n76 In each country many top
websites fall out of the top ranking and other websites increase or decrease
their standing.


   Table 5: Top 20 Websites Visited in Argentina in 2006 and 2013.

    [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  [*566]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]


   Table 6: Top 20 Websites Visited in Brazil in 2006 and 2013.

    [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  [*567]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]


   Table 7: Top 20 Websites Visited in Mexico in 2006 and 2013.

    [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]  [*568]  [SEE TABLE IN ORIGINAL]


   f. Number of Competitors


   Thousands of firms compete for consumer attention in this way on the
Internet. Of the top 500 websites in the US as measured by time spent, 135
primarily gather attention and sell it to advertisers, defined narrowly. The HHI
for these websites is 1345-a figure denoting a relatively un-concentrated
market-based on time on site and assuming zero share for websites outside of the
top 500; as a result of the zero share assumption, this HHI is therefore
overstated. The five largest sellers of attention have 67 percent of the
attention garnered by these 135 websites. Defined slightly more broadly, 233 of
the top 500 websites primarily gather attention and sell it to advertisers. n77
The HHI for these websites is 1088, again assuming a zero share for  [*569]
websites outside of the top 500. The five largest attention sellers have 60
percent of the attention garnered by these 233 websites. Attention seeking is
not a winner- take-all business.


   3. Competition for Providing Attention


   In this part we focus on attention rivals that earn revenue by selling
attention to advertisers. We comment on the relevance of this to offline
attention rivals that provide other commerce-related services at the end of this
section. Online attention rivals are similar to traditional
advertising-supported media platforms such as newspapers, magazines, and
television. They provide news and entertainment to attract viewers and then sell
display-advertising spots on their pages. However, because they are
software-based media properties, these attention rivals can engage in highly
targeted advertising that is customized to the person viewing the advertisement.


   Online advertising-supported attention rivals sell many different kinds of
advertising. These include search-based, social media, and display advertising.
The advertisements themselves range from short text ads to image-heavy display
ads to video ads. Some, primarily display ads, are sold based on the number of
people who see the ads, while others are sold based on whether individuals click
on the ads. Most online advertising is targeted based on information, or
educated guesses, about the person looking at the screen at a particular point
in time.


   Advertisers buy online advertising because they want to sell products and
services to consumers-to obtain what are called "conversions." n78 They
therefore make decisions on how much to spend on advertising and how to allocate
that spending across different advertising channels-offline as well as online-by
comparing the rate of return on incremental investment across different
channels. Historically, advertisers have faced challenges in making these
decisions rigorously because of lack of data on the relationship between
advertising spending and conversions. They have had to make them judgmentally
based on a mixture of subjective and objective information.


   In recent years, however, advertisers have started using sophisticated
software- known as cross-channel attribution technologies-for determining the
marginal return on investment of  [*570]  expenditures on different channels.
n79 These technologies collect data on who has seen various ads, match that data
to information on whether there was a sale, assess the importance of different
ads in generating that sale and in some cases provide dynamic reallocations of
advertising budgets across sales channels based on results. n80 A survey of 607
entities in late 2011 found that 77 percent of advertising agencies and 62
percent of markets used these technologies. n81 A study of 53 marketers examined
how they used cross-channel attribution technologies. n82 Virtually all of them
used it to "measure the value and performance of digital channels" (98 percent).
Almost two thirds (64 percent) "use attribution to make improvements to
in-flight or future interactive marketing strategies like channel allocation and
media planning optimization." They used these attribution technologies to
examine many different channels. More than 70 percent of the markets said they
considered paid search, online display, natural search, affiliate partners and
email. More than a third also considered Facebook posts, comparison shopping
engines, Twitter, online video ads, and the brand's own website.


   The existence and widespread use of cross-channel marketing technologies
shows that advertisers (or advertising and marketing firms which serve as their
agents) see different online channels as substitutes. Otherwise they would not
be using products that facilitate  [*571]  the comparison of their marginal
returns on investment. The availability and widespread use of these technologies
also makes it likely that these different channels have relatively high degrees
of substitution. Advertisers compare them using a single metric and can make
quick adjustments to their campaigns depending on the rates of return, which
depend on costs and results. In fact, the survey of 607 marketers and agencies
in the US and UK discussed above found that users of channel- attribution
technologies changed their spending as result of their use of these
technologies. As shown in Figure 2, responses from 179 of those surveyed shows
that they appeared to have substituted between both online media as well as
between online and offline media.


   Figure 2: Substitution between Advertising Channels

    [figure]

     [*572]

   4. Product Differentiation and Attention Seeking


   Attention rivals are obviously dramatically different from each other.
Twitter provides a very different service to viewers (micro-blogging) than
Yahoo! (content curation). Twitter also provides a very different service to
advertisers-tweets with short urls for links-than Yahoo!-multi-color display
ads. The point of this section, however, is that those differences are not
necessarily relevant for assessing competition among online businesses. These
attention rivals are all competing aggressively with each other to secure
attention. The emergence of Twitter likely took viewers away from Yahoo!. And
the fact that services like Twitter can become quickly established and grow
explosively puts constant pressure on attention seekers. These attention rivals
then compete for advertisers to buy access to some of that attention. But
advertisers are constantly looking for ways to reallocate their budgets among
different channels to get what they often really want-a sale. They do not
necessarily care whether that sale came from a tweet, a search, a social network
ad, or a variety of other media.


   This section does not claim that attention rivals are necessarily all in the
same market. As usual with competition policy analysis we need to consider the
facts. Those facts may show product differentiation among platforms softens
competition enough to make the relevant antitrust market narrower than "all
attention rivals." But differentiation is not functional equivalence, meaning
that companies ought to offer services with equivalent functions in order to be
considered competitors. Indeed, this is exactly the point we argue against in
section I of this paper. As our previous example of Yahoo! and Twitter
illustrates, the fact that ads in one firm are displayed and look different than
they do in the other, does not mean that the entry of one rival into the market
(Twitter) cannot divert marginal consumers from one firm to the other-going back
to our best practices lexicon-and therefore can effectively constrain
competition for Yahoo!


   In contrast, we could consider that there are enough facts to determine that
one attention rival does not share the same market as another. There could be
differences among the people providing attention. An advertiser seeking to sell
an expensive automobile is interested in getting the attention of high-income
people who are likely in the market for buying a car. The attention of a teenage
game player is not a substitute. Hence the importance of garnering information
about customers by age and income group; for example, in 2006, in Mexico 58% of
internet users were between 12-24 years old, 34% were between 25-44 years old,
and 8% were more than 45  [*573]  years old; in 2010, 50% of internet users were
between 12-24 years old, 29% were between 25-44 years old, and 11% were more
than 44 years old. n83 There could also be differences in the manner in which
attention is generated which in turn reduces substitution possibilities. The
value of messages that are delivered on a search results page, as a display
advertisement on a web page, or as part of a web- based video could differ.
There are differences in the formats that are dictated in part by the method of
producing the attention. The context in which the attention is generated could
also lead to differences in the value of attention to advertisers. Such product
differentiation could result in some attention seekers, or some segments of
attention seekers, having significant market power. n84


   There are several factors, however, that tend to reduce the importance of
differentiation for online platforms. Physical media often have differentiated
content because this tends to attract particular types of consumers who are
attractive to particular advertisers, alternatively this type of media may also
bundle content in the hope of attracting a widest possible audience who will
select the content they find appealing. In the case of online media, software
and data-based targeting technologies can be used to identify particular kinds
of consumers without the need to bundle and differentiate their content to a
wide audience in order to engage the "right" audience. They are therefore less
reliant on content differentiation for targeting  [*574]  the right people. It
is also easier for online attention rivals to reposition themselves in the event
that there is a market opportunity in another niche. They can add features,
including content, to attract particular consumers.


   5. Extensions of Offline Attention Seekers


   There are reasonable arguments for why different types of offline attention
seekers do not compete with each other. Consider offline advertising-supported
platforms. Historically advertisers did not have good data for comparing the
effectiveness of television, radio, and print advertising. Their budgeting and
allocation decisions were therefore highly judgmental. These media were
different from each other and therefore arguably served different advertising
purposes. Entry and expansion was much harder than it is for online advertising.
It would also be hard to argue that advertising-supported platforms were close
substitutes for commerce platforms such as shopping malls, if for no other
reason than the time cost and inconvenience of travel.


   The emergence of online advertising and development of sophisticated
technologies has changed this in several ways. The fact that it is possible to
measure and determine incremental returns of investment for online attention
seeking places pressure to consider the same issues for offline attention
seeking. Knowing the return on investment (ROI) for online display advertising
encourages advertisers to think through the likely ROI for offline advertising
to make budgeting decisions. In addition, the development of computer
technologies has made it increasingly possible to measure conversions in
physical advertising-such as using coupon codes in print advertising.


   As noted above, some of the cross-channel attribution technologies compare
online with offline advertising channels. Figure 2 showed that this comparison
has encouraged substitution particularly away from print and towards online.
Goldfarb and Tucker have also found evidence of substitution between online and
offline advertising. n85 The online and offline worlds for commerce are
converging and this is likely to increase the degree of substitution. The use of
mobile devices is bringing the online world into physical spaces.   [*575]
Advertisers and marketers are using increasingly mobile applications to drive
physical commerce. n86


   D. The Analysis of Market Definition and Market Power


   This section has argued that "attention"-its acquisition and its delivery-is
the relevant dimension for analyzing the competitive constraints these rivals
impose on each other. n87 In practice, attention rivals more frequently face
significant competition from purveyors of new products or services that could
divert consumer attention from them, than from the entry of close substitutes
for their existing products or services. Ostensibly different attention rivals
often substitute for each other from the standpoint of consumers and merchants.
Product differentiation tempers the significance of these constraints. Product
differentiation is relevant, however, when it involves aspects of the attention
that is procured and sold, rather than particular features of the products and
services used for acquiring and delivering that attention to advertisers.


   Antitrust analysis should therefore focus on competition for securing and
delivering attention in considering market definition, market power, and
competitive effects. Focusing on competition between specific products and
services, rather than attention, could result in competition authorities and
courts making either false- negative or false-positive errors in their
decisions. False-negative errors could result from concluding that attention
rivals do not compete because they offer dissimilar products or services. False
positive errors could follow from ignoring competition among attention rivals
that offer different products and services. Analyzing attention, which is the
dimension on which these rivals compete in fact, reduces the likelihood of these
errors. The precise contours of  [*576]  markets, market power, and impacts on
competition will depend on the particular circumstances of the subjects of the
antitrust analysis, the conduct under consideration, and the extent of
differentiation among relevant attention rivals.


   There is no doubt that the Internet has resulted in the emergence of large
global firms that lead their categories. To take a few examples, Facebook is
clearly the leader in social networking, Google in search, and Twitter in
micro-blogging. However, as we have shown, several factors need to be considered
in evaluating whether these entities have long-lived market power and whether
product or services categories correspond to relevant antitrust markets:


   The product or services categories morph quickly and easily. Google has moved
into social networking, Facebook into search, and Apple into
advertising-supported media;


   There is rapid displacement of leaders both overall and within categories.
Facebook very quickly displaced Google as the most trafficked web property
globally- it took a little longer, however, to displace Brazil's social
networking site, Orkut- and Apple displaced Blackberry as the software
development platform for mobile devices, with Google, through its Android
platform, now contending strongly for this market; and


   The Internet-based industry is highly dynamic with frequent drastic
innovation, a feature that is consistently mentioned in best practice relevant
market and market power determination as difficult to analyze within a
traditional, hypothetical monopolist or structuralist approach to do it right.
Every time we think the online industry has reached maturity, disruptive
innovation changes it all.


   Attention rivals impose competitive constraints on each other across
boundaries defined by products and services they provide to consumers and
advertisers. It is an empirical matter whether these  [*577]  constraints are
strong enough to place particular attention rivals in the same relevant
antitrust market and to significantly limit the market power of particular
platforms. This will ultimately depend, in part, on the extent to which
consumers and advertisers turn from one attention seeker to another as prices,
quality, and features change. Some standard tools of competition
analysis-diversion analysis and econometric analysis of demand, adjusted for
applicability to multi-sided platforms- can help analysts obtain the evidence
necessary for a proper assessment. We offer here the example of relevant
questions that the European authority posed in reviewing the merger between
Skype and Microsoft. Our next section offers examples of how Argentina, Brazil,
and Mexico have posed similar such questions, which follow the best practices we
outlined, to reach an informed conclusion on cases which unfortunately have not
yet been about Internet-based industries.


   As we noted at the outset of this paper, what is important in assessing
market definition and market power is a careful analysis of competitive
constraints rather than formalistic methods that do not correspond to economic
realities. A good example of these principles involves the EU's analysis of
Microsoft's proposed acquisition of Skype. n88 The European Commission's
decision approving Microsoft's acquisition of Skype echoes many of the themes we
have discussed above. Skype is an Internet-based company. It provides software
that enables people to communicate over the Internet through instant messaging,
voice calls, and video calls. Microsoft agreed to acquire Skype in 2011 for $
8.5 billion. Among other things Microsoft also has an Internet-based
communication service call "Windows Live Messenger" (WLM). n89 The combination
would result in Microsoft having an 80-90 percent share of video calls in the
European Economic Area (EEA). Yet the European Commission considered the
possible effects of the merger and approved it without conditions. n90

     [*578]

   The Commission recognized the ease of entry into web-based businesses and how
quickly these new businesses could grow:


   "... the use of sites such as Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn, and Twitter has
more than doubled since January 2009."


   "The Commission observes several recent entries into the consumer
communications services markets. The example of Viber Media ... shows that it is
possible even for a small company to enter the market and attract a significant
number of users within a short period of time."


   "The Commission notes that IM is a dynamic market, as illustrated by the fast
growth of Facebook that has become the leader for IM in less than three years
with a market share of approximately 50%."


   "... smaller players have succeeded in rapidly entering, and gaining traction
in the consumer communications sector with innovative products."


   In addition, it noted that existing firms innovate and add new features
constantly.


   "The innovation cycles in these markets are short. As a result, software and
platforms are constantly being redeveloped. Innovators generally enjoy a short
lead in the market."


   This innovation is important because feature competition is important.


   "Since consumer communications services are mainly provided for free,
consumers pay more attention to other features. Quality is therefore a
significant parameter of competition."  [*579]

   "Consumers are very sensitive to innovative services or products in consumer
communications services. Providers ... lose traction quickly if they are unable
to offer users new and innovative functionality. For example, Skype's
innovations over the last eight years highlight the critical role innovation
plays in its success....."


   The Internet-based communication providers are also price takers.


   "These markets, and this is also true for video calls, are currently free of
charge. If a company were to charge for its service, competitors would switch to
alternative providers offering their service free of charge. This is confirmed
by internal documents of Skype showing that [>75%] of its users would switch to
an alternative provider if Skype started charging for its free service (in
particular for video calls)."


   The Commission declined to define communication markets based on
functionality given the ease with which consumers could switch between different
services. And, while it also declined to define specific markets, its decision
to approve the merger is clearly based on finding that ease of entry, feature
competition, price-taking behavior, and rapid innovation defeated the exercise
of market power. Despite finding that Microsoft would obtain a dominant position
in video calling it approved the acquisition without conditions. In doing so it
specifically relied on evidence that the providers are price-takers and would
lose customers if they did not compete on feature innovation.


   V. TECHNICAL CAPACITY: ARE AUTHORITIES READY?


   Throughout this paper we have underscored the need to look at competitive
constraints in assessing markets and power. We've included some examples of key
competitive factors, and have noted that some of these are particularly relevant
for internet-based industries such as the possibility of using multiple devices
to access similar content-including mobile devices-(multihoming), the speed of
innovation, and the importance that seeking and providing attention plays for
firms in this market. The analysis of Internet-based  [*580]  industries has a
degree of complexity that is not always present in more traditional industries,
which begs the question of whether Latin American competition agencies are
equipped to undertake them.


   In this section we use non-Internet cases reviewed or investigated by each of
the three authorities to illustrate how they have in fact undertaken complex
analyses and have used the best practices in market definition and power that
we've outlined. We also include as a general reference, a compendium of
historical cases that do involve Internet-based industries. To date, none of the
Internet cases have used the complex analysis to which we have referred to
before.


   A. Competitive Constraints Analysis in Practice: Selected Case Studies


   1. Argentina


   In December 2004, Telef nica M viles S.A. announced the acquisition of the
assets of BellSouth Corporation. In Argentina, Grupo Telef nica was one of the
two main suppliers of fixed telephony services, and one of the four main
suppliers of mobile telephony services. BellSouth, also one of the four main
suppliers of mobile telephony services, had minor market shares in other
telecommunications activities including data transmission, Internet, cable
television, and long distance fixed telephony. At the time, the CNDC identified
seven markets where both companies were active and evaluated the likely effects
of the merger over the competitive dynamics of the market, as well as potential
vertical effects derived from the concentration. n91


   Although a traditional market share analysis was undertaken considering
participation prior to and following the merger, the authority observed that
between 2001 and 2004, the market shares of the participants had varied. Hence,
it considered that the intensity of the competition in the market was high,
given the volatility of the market shares. Furthermore, it reasoned that
competitors would be in a position to respond to any potential increases in
price from the merged company, as they possessed enough spectrum to increase
their service offerings and offset any exercise of market power by the merged
company. Lastly, the Commission considered that although spectrum accumulation
by itself can determine competitive conditions in the telecommunication
industry, accumulation can also lead to efficiencies in the market due to
reductions in marginal and total cost.

     [*581]

   2. Brazil


   The operation involved an agreement between Nestl and Garoto Brasil in which
Nestl would acquire new stocks issued by Garoto. Considering the market of
chocolates as a whole, Nestl was the leading company, alternating the first
place with Kraft Foods (Lacta), with Garoto as the third largest firm. Nestl 's
average market share between 1998 and 2001 was of 34.5%, while Garoto's was 23%.
n92


   The merging parties and Kraft filed dueling market definition studies,
employing price elasticity models to estimate consumer reactions to relative
prices among different chocolate formats and chocolate brands. Because results
were dramatically different CADE was forced to consider a host of methodology
issues associated with simulation models, including identification of the
relevant demand function, assessment of the statistical uncertainty associated
with demand elasticity estimates, and examination of the potential defects in
the differentiated products models that the simulations employed.


   Other hotly contested issues included barriers to entry and the prospects for
expansion of such rival brands as Mars and Hershey. The Council studied the
minimum efficient scale required to enter the market, the time required for
entry to be effective, minimum investments required to enter and selling
possibilities. CADE concluded it was unlikely that Kraft would make investments
necessary to offset market power. This conclusion together with the difficulty
of entry into the market led CADE to conclude that the probabilities that the
merged firm would abuse its market power was high.


   3. Mexico


   The case involved a renewed complaint by Pepsi Bottling Group against
Coca-Cola for exclusive dealings in the small retail shop distribution outlet,
which comprised 70% of all sales in the industry and involved more than 1
million points of sale nationwide. This conduct was foreclosing the market for
Pepsi's own carbonated beverages. n93

     [*582]

   The Federal Competition Commission (CFC) constructed a three-step structured
rule of reason test to determine potential harm arising from the conduct. It
considered that there was a high probability of harm if any of the following
three conditions existed (a) if, under normal conditions, an entrant that is as
efficient as a standard industry measure of efficiency cannot enter (does not
reach a Minimum Efficient Scale or MES); or (b) if the conduct is prevalent-that
is sufficiently widespread-such that it prevents industry participants from
attaining "normal" levels of efficiency; and/or (c) if the conduct determines
the incumbent's ability to maintain or increase its dominance.


   The authority found that Pepsi was able to attain a MES and in some cases,
was in fact operating in the decreasing returns to scale portion of its costs.
Through a survey of depositions by store keepers offered as evidence by the
complainant, it found the conduct was relatively infrequent (less than 4% of the
small shops confirmed the exclusivity agreements) and had a short duration (less
than 1 year). Finally, the CFC found that consumers have access to other
products in the distribution channel; that there was a competitive dynamic in
the market (entry, exit, innovation-new drinks, etc.); and that Coca-Cola's
market power arose mostly from the value of its brand and the efficiency with
which it operates its distribution network. The case was closed and the decision
withstood an appeal before the Commission.


   As evidenced by the three cases presented here, authorities have focused on
competitive dynamics and non-price information when determining ex ante harm to
competition (mergers) as well as ex post anticompetitive conduct
(investigations). The case in Argentina illustrates how the CNDC recognized that
shares were not a useful metric of market power when these are volatile and
there are other dimensions for rivals to compete aggressively (e.g. spectrum).
Brazil's case highlights the importance of evaluating diverse evidence to reach
a determination, and to review evidence based on accepted economic methodologies
that CADE determined in this case. It also illustrates the importance of
including estimates of minimum efficient scale (MES) of entry when reviewing
barriers to entry. MES played an important role in the decision by the Mexican
authority also, as it determined whether foreclosure was indeed possible as an
effect of exclusive deals. The Mexican case shows how market power should not
focus solely on the level of market shares held by the defendant but on whether
its conduct increases this level and causes harm.

     [*583]

   B. Internet Analyses in Practice: Case Studies


   In order to give a broad perspective of the types of cases that the
authorities have reviewed and the degree of complexity and depth that has so far
been required in analyzing them, we present a selection of cases-the majority of
them-that the CNDC, CADE, and the CFC have reviewed over a period of time that
spans 2000 through 2009. The fast pace of change in the industry is not only
evident in the cases, but also in the agencies' decisions. In addition, since
2000-the first internet-based case we have on record-there have been important
changes in the technical know-how and expertise within the agencies themselves,
as they have garnered knowledge and experience, and have sought training for
their employees. The cases are grouped into three different types of analyses.
For example, a number of transactions involved vertical integration between
Internet access providers and online content producers; others involved
horizontal acquisitions either in the jurisdictions themselves or elsewhere but
with effects in Latin American countries; some of these involved online
businesses, others mergers of online and offline businesses. In each case,
authorities seemed to be posing traditional questions to analyze a new industry.
For vertical mergers, the acquisition of a website by an access provider focuses
on an essential facility-type of query; for horizontal mergers, concerns seem
more focused on whether content offerings or services are sufficiently similar
to be considered substitutes or if these operations appear to be analogous to a
company acquiring a portfolio of content. n94


   It is evident from the resolutions of the three authorities we included here,
however, that they have been careful in not constraining themselves to set
relevant market definitions or to strict methodologies for market power
determination. It is particularly interesting to note the evolving description
of Microsoft's business over the course of time as the Brazilian authorities
analyzed the different merger deals, from a very generally defined market in
2001-software development-to a broader conception of its business that goes
beyond the IT industry: programming and correlated services for any customers
involving online, business, and peripherals including entertainment. Yahoo! also
conceives of its business as having a wider  [*584]  reach than just search
capabilities or advertising revenues. Its business is no longer restricted to
Internet, but includes features we associate with telecommunications and
broadcasting markets, such as email, messaging, video streaming, and music. It
is also interesting to highlight how Argentina's advertising market analysis
tends to include all broadcasting distribution outlets: printed, video,
streaming and internet media. In the case of Mexico, the information included in
its case summaries points to a wide conception of the product market, again
underscoring care in not overly constraining case law to narrowly defined
markets in a rapidly changing industry.


   1. Offline and Online Mergers


   a. AOL/Time Warner-Argentina


   In 2000, Argentina's CNDC analyzed the effects in its territory of the merger
between America Online and Time Warner. n95 The analysis does not suggest
recognition that this was a two-sided market where market share analysis could
provide little insight into market power; it also ignored any indirect
externalities between each side of the respective offline and online content
providers. Instead the agency's focus was on identifying overlaps between the
two companies considering each side of the market as distinct. Thus,
distribution of online and offline content was analyzed in two distinct
channels: TV and Internet, finding no competition concerns. The CNDC also
analyzed the other side of the market as a separate advertising market. This
broad product dimension, led to a conclusions that the effects of the merger
were very small as most advertising revenues did not come from pay TV or
internet and were distributed as follows: coming from free to air TV (close to
40%), newspapers (23%), pay TV (12%), and internet advertising at 0.1%.


   b. Microsoft/aQuantive-Brazil


   In 2007, Microsoft sought to acquire aQuantive. n96 aQuantive participated in
the advertising sector through 3 business divisions: technology for digital
publicity, digital communication performance,  [*585]  and digital marketing.
Microsoft described its business as creation, development, and provision of
computer software and related services. Brazil's SDE considered that there was
no horizontal overlap between the different companies, but noted that 90% of
aQuantive's revenues came from Microsoft, so that the transaction had a vertical
component. It consequently looked at the market offering online advertising
services and found that there were a large number of competitors worldwide and
therefore no evidence of upstream closure. The operation was approved.


   c. Microsoft/Fast Search-Brazil


   In 2008 Microsoft purchased all shares for Fast Search & Transfer ASA, n97 a
Norwegian firm that developed and marketed software for corporate search.
Microsoft described its business to the Brazilian authorities as a firm that
participated in the market for operating systems, computer software and
production of video, videogames, computer games, and other peripherals, as well
as corporate search. The latter was the only market subject to analysis by SDE.
SDE did not undertake a complete relevant market definition analysis as it
considered that there were a large number of participants in the market, that
Fast and Microsoft's participation was modest and that each party's service
offerings were complementary. In addition, clients stated no opposition to the
deal.


   d. Microsoft/Yahoo!-Brazil


   In 2009, Microsoft and Yahoo! decided on an exclusive licensing agreement for
10 years whereby Microsoft would grant Yahoo! technology to undertake
algorithmic and sponsored searches. n98 Following the 10 year period, the
license would continue but with no exclusivity. Microsoft also agreed to offer
advertising text services to Yahoo! and Yahoo! would become the sole worldwide
representative of both companies in their sales relationship with premium
advertisers. The agreement excluded web products, email services, instant
messaging, graphic publicity, or other businesses. Microsoft's  [*586]
programming and correlated services were described as including 5 segments:
clients; suppliers and tools; online services; Microsoft business division; and
accessories and entertainment division. Yahoo!'s services were divided into 6
categories: "Front Door" services (free to users and financed through
advertisements); communities services; search services, also financed through
advertising revenues; communication services; advertising and premium services,
including TV and music services; and applications to access internet. Brazil's
SDE defined online markets following previous jurisprudence, as global with an
open geographic reach. SDE concluded that the deal would allow the parties to
better compete with Google globally, and would improve advertising competition,
benefiting those seeking to advertise, consumers, and improve websites.


   e. Yahoo!-Brazil


   There are two operations involving Yahoo! that the Brazilian competition
agencies reviewed. The first in 2002 involved the acquisition of Starmedia, n99
and was reviewed by all three Brazilian competition agencies. The second,
involved the 2003 acquisition of Inktomi, n100 was also reviewed by the three
agencies. In the first case Starmedia operated a Brazilian search engine named
"Cade?" that edited and catalogued Brazilian websites. Both companies obtained
revenues through advertising sales. Even though the advertising market could
include TV, radio, printed media, and internet, CADE decided to take a narrow
view of the market as internet advertising in Brazil, reasoning that it was a
small but growing industry and data could not yet be secured to allow for a
substitution analysis between "virtual" publicity and publicity in more
traditional media outlets. Nevertheless, the transaction represented too small a
market share to require further scrutiny. In the proposed acquisition of Inktomi
Corporation by Yahoo! the authorities determined the relevant market to be
internet search, where Yahoo! did not participate but purchased search
technology from Google, who did compete with Yahoo! in offering website
services. Although the authorities did foresee future vertical relations among
the parties, they did not consider this to be a concern. In the case of the
Brazilian authorities' analysis of Yahoo!'s  [*587]  acquisition of Starmedia as
early as 2003, the small size of this market and lack of data to allow for a
more in depth analysis of substitution among different advertising media
outlets, led the authority to only make general statements about possible
elements that would differentiate internet based advertising from other types of
advertising. Here, CADE took the view of deciding on a narrowly defined market
for Internet advertising, and noted only differences in what it called directed
advertising, publicity where the consumer takes an active role in searching for
a product or service, in contrast with creative advertising, where a message
reaches a consumer with the intent of persuading him or her about the qualities
of certain products or services and conquering him or her for a client or
advertiser. It noted that Internet advertising could include either one of these
types of publicity.


   2. Online Content Mergers


   a. BtoB Factory/btoben.com Inc.-Argentina


   For very early cases (c. 2000) there is a tendency to separate markets based
on functional interchangeability. For example, Argentina's analysis of the
merger between BtoB Factory and btoben.com Inc. in 2001, n101 delved into the
types of internet portals involved in the operation, noting that there were 3
distinguishable segments: business to consumers (B2C), business to business
(B2B), and consumer to consumer (C2C). Based on this separation, the CNDC noted
that there was no overlap between the business served by BtoB factory, the B2C
segment, and that served by btoben.com Inc., the B2B segment. According to CNDC,
since the focus of the analysis was on type of content provided by each party,
the universe of existing and potential Internet content providers was
sufficiently vast and barriers sufficiently low so as to deem any one company
incapable of exercising significant influence.


   b. Google Brasil/Akwan-Brazil


   Brazil's SEAE reviewed the acquisition of Akwan by Google Brasil in 2005.
n102 Both companies were regarded as having a similar  [*588]  line of business:
search for final consumers with revenues generated mainly through the sale of
Internet advertising space. But the line of business was not translated into one
two-sided market, but instead SEAE defined the relevant markets under review as
(1) Internet search technology, (2) Internet advertising space, and (3)
corporate search, which was an additional service offered by Akwan and not by
Google. As was the case of Argentina before, two-sided markets were defined as
two one-sided markets, and even within those services, there were further narrow
classifications: in Internet search technology, the authority distinguished
between search firms that offered their own searching capabilities and those
that searched linking to other search engines. SEAE ultimately approved the
transaction.


   3. Vertical Mergers: Internet Access and Online Content


   a. Terra Networks/Infosel-Mexico


   There were three operations reviewed by Mexico's competition authority
involving access providers and content producers, we look at the two that have
more information on the analysis. n103 The first, in 1999, where Terra Networks
Mexico, a Spanish holding, purchased Infosel, a Mexican society offering media
and news content through TV, telephony, messaging, internet, cable, electronic
and telegraphic media. According to the CFC, Terra and Infosel coincided in the
following relevant markets: financial information (content), financial
electronic commerce, business to business, corporate services (internet service
provision and solutions) and consumer services (internet service provision and
websites). That same year, Via Net, which marketed Internet access services and
other value added services (electronic data exchange, email, remote access to
data bases), entered the Mexican market through the acquisition of Infoacces.
Via Net, who offered Internet access services, installation and administration
of networks and was authorized to offer value added services in various cities
in Mexico. In both cases the Commission seems to have taken a mechanistic view
of the markets it was reviewing: the type of content involved in the operation
was  [*589]  noted, as was the service for each type of consumer (corporate or
final consumers). However, true to its legal underpinnings, the CFC's analyses
really focused on the effects: in both cases, the operation involved a new
entrant, market definition was simply accessory to the final decision which
focused on new entry, which is always good for competition, and hence received
the Commission's approval.


   b. Terra Networks/Lycos Inc.-Mexico


   The 2000 merger between Terra Networks and Lycos Inc., which originated in
the US was analyzed in Argentina as a vertical merger, that of an Internet
access provider (Terra Networks, owned by Telefonica) and an online content
provider, Lycos. n104 Since the parties also coincided in online content
provision, the market was also analyzed. As was the case of the AOL/Time Warner
merger, two one- sided markets were reviewed instead of one two-sided market. On
the content production side, the CNDC argued that the parties coincided in
search and content generation, with Lycos being a fairly new entrant. On the
selling side of the platform, treated as an independent market from content
production, an analysis similar to the AOL/Time Warner merger was undertaken.


   c. Google/Motorola-Mexico


   In 2011, the CFC reviewed the acquisition by Google of the Mexican
subsidiaries of Motorola. n105 Google's business included search and online
advertising, as well as an open architecture operating system for mobile
devices, Android. Motorola, marketed hardware (mobile devices and set-top boxes
or STBs) in two business segments: mobile devices including smartphones and
tablets, and home appliances including broadband access solutions. The
Commission concluded that there were no horizontal overlaps between the parties,
but a vertical relationship. Again, following its law in determining whether the
merger had or could have as object or effect harm or hindrance to the
competition process, it concluded that Google had no incentives to refuse or
condition the sale of Android as a result of its acquisition of Motorola.
Furthermore, it reasoned, there  [*590]  were important competitors, including
Nokia, Samsung, and LG. This led to an unconditional approval of the merger.
n106


   VI. CONCLUSIONS


   In Latin America, modern antitrust institutions have emerged as a result of a
changing perspective on the role that government should play in the economy.
Public policy no longer considers the State as a key driver of economic growth;
rather, modern antitrust policy in many of these countries regards markets as
key to growth, so that interventions by an agency are usually limited to
ensuring that firms follow a competitive process. As part of the efforts to
"catch up" with more mature agencies, antitrust authorities in the region have
made conscious efforts to "spell out" and follow best practices, particularly
through guidelines. The implementation of best practices can be seen in certain
antitrust analyses of Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina.


   We presented three examples of casework, not necessarily related to internet-
based industries, where these competition agencies have undertaken a market
definition and power analysis that follows best practices. But some questions
remain:


   Will agencies be able to apply these same concepts as they face mergers and
investigations into "new economy" industries? They certainly do have the
technical capabilities to do so.


   Will they have an awareness of the ways in which these practices ought to be
reviewed in light of the special features that characterize these industries?
We've presented considerations that must make up any competition analysis into
this industry when reviewing competition matters, to ensure that their fast pace
of change, multi-sided characteristics and attention seeking rivalry form part
of any relevant market and power analysis.

     [*591]

   As one of us has argued in a previous paper, attention seeking by online
rivals means that in many instances competition is not occurring "for the
market" but "in the market" and this is an empirical question that authorities
need to address. Analyses based on functional equivalence among services are
wrong as attention rivals impose competitive constraints on each other across
boundaries defined by the products and services they provide to consumers and
advertisers.


   Finally, while this degree of detail in the analyses of cases involving
Internet-based industries have not yet been used by the competition agencies we
study here, it is very likely that cases will be brought before these
authorities soon. It is only a matter of time before we hopefully see a decision
that provides in-depth analytical considerations about market definition and
power concepts in a highly dynamic, multi-sided industry. At least that would be
our wish.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Antitrust & Trade LawMarket DefinitionGeneral OverviewComputer & Internet
LawCivil ActionsDamagesMergers & Acquisitions LawAntitrustMarket Definition

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Douglas H. Ginsburg and Joshua D. Wright, Dynamic Analysis and the Limits of
Antitrust Institutions, 78 Antitrust L. J. 1 (2012), available at
http://ssrn.com/abstract=2084355.




n2  Growing arrays of other devices are also being connected to the Internet,
such as television sets, point-of-sale devices for card acceptance, and
household appliances.




n3  Federal Competition Commission of Mexico, Assessment of Market Power in
Competition Matters, (March 2011), available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/images/stories/Documentos/guias/ultdoctopodersustmercado.p
df [hereinafter, Market Power Report]; Federal Competition Commission of Mexico,
Assessment of the Relevant Market in Competition Matters, (March 2011),
available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/images/stories/Documentos/guias/doctoreferenciadefmercrele
vant. pdf [hereinafter, Market Definition Report].




n4  For further discussion, see Market Power Report.




n5  See also, Market Definition Report, Section 2.




n6  George W. Stocking and Willard F. Mueller, The Cellophane Case and the New
Competition, The American Economic Review Vol. 45, No. 1 (1955): 29-63,
available at http://www.jstor.org/stable/1811582.




n7  Louis Kaplow and Carl Shapiro, Antitrust, Harvard Law and Economics
Discussion Paper No. 575 (2007), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=961264.




n8  OECD Policy Roundtables, Market Definition, Directorate for Financial and
Enterprise Affairs, Competition Committee (2012), available at
http://www.oecd.org/daf/competition/Marketdefinition2012.pdf.




n9  See The Commission of European Communities, "Case No IV/M.1524 -
Airtours/First Choice," (Sept. 1999), available at
http://ec.europa.eu/competition/mergers/cases/decisions/m1524 en.pdf.




n10  Inter-American Development Bank, Organisation for Economic Co- operation
and Development, Competition Law and Policy in Argentina: A Peer Review, OECD
Country Studies (2006), available at
http://www.oecd.org/daf/competition/Argentina-CompetitionLawPolicy.pdf.




n11  The court has competency to resolve cases related in commercial matters and
has decided various competition cases. However, the Supreme Court has intervened
in some so that it is still unclear whether this court has indeed competence to
review all competition-related cases, hence the term quasi-specialized that we
use here. See Jorge Otamendi, Tribunales competentes en material de aplicaci n
de la ley de defense de la competencia, LA LEY 2006-C, 656-Derecho Comercial
Doctrinas Esenciales, Tomo V, 505, available at
http://www.gbreuer.com.ar/admin/files/boletin
archivos/Tribunales%20competentes.pdf.




n12  Brazil National Law 12, 529/12 (2011), available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/Default.aspx?84a467a9769494b68e.




n13  Description based on Inter-American Development Bank, Organisation for
Economic Co-operation and Development, Competition Law and Policy in Brazil: A
Peer Review, OECD Country Studies (2010), available at
http://www.oecd.org/daf/competition/45154362.pdf.




n14  Id., Article 3.




n15  Constituci n Politica de la Rep blica Mexicana de 1857(Constitution of the
Republic of Mexico of 1857), art. 28, available at
http://www.juridicas.unam.mx/infjur/leg/conshist/pdf/1857.pdf. "There will be no
monopolies or state monopolies of any kind, nor prohibitions aimed at protection
of industry. Excepted only those relating to the coinage of money, to the
privileges that, for a limited time, the law grants to inventors or improvers
for some improvement."




n16  The enabling law, bylaws, internal code of rules as well as court
jurisprudence legal statute are available at Comisi n Federal de Competencia M
xico, Compendio Normativo en Materia de Competencia Econ mica, (2012), available
at www.cfc.gob.mx/images/stories/Leyes/compendionormativo/2012/compendiocfc 2012
octubre .pdf.




n17  Inter-American Development Bank, Organisation for Economic Co- operation
and Development, Competition Law and Policy in Mexico: An OECD Peer Review
(2004), available at http://www.oecd.org/mexico/31430869.pdf.




n18  Joint Directive SEAE/SDE No. 50 (Aug. 1, 2001), available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf.




n19  The guidelines also mention the "hypothetical monopolist test," also part
of a traditional or formalistic merger analysis.




n20  See Resolution 15/98, available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/docs/pdf/ra-15-98.pdf.




n21  See Directorate for Financial and Enterprise Affairs Competition Committee,
Roundtable on Market Definition, OECD (2012), available at
http://search.oecd.org/officialdocuments/displaydocumentpdf/?cote=DAF/COMP(2012)
13&do clanguage=en.




n22  See Market Power Report and Market Definition Report.




n23  Secretaria de la Competencia, la Desregulaci n y la Defensa del Consumidor
(Secretary of Competition, Regulation, and Consumer Defense), Resolution
164/2001, available at http://www.infoleg.gob.ar/infolegInternet/anexos/70000-
74999/70302/norma.htm.




n24  Joint Directive, SEAE/SDE No. 50 (2001) at 8, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf. Product
and geographic dimension of the relevant market are defined in Item 28.




n25  Resolution 164/2001, available at
http://www.infoleg.gob.ar/infolegInternet/anexos/70000-74999/70302/norma.htm.
Note that this test is not conclusive.




n26  Joint Directive, SEAE/SDE No. 50 (2001) at 8, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf. The SSNIP
test is defined in Item 30 of the Guidelines of Horizontal Mergers but is not
used often in the analysis of cases.




n27  While not explicitly mentioned, Resolution 164/2001 does not prohibit it
either.




n28  It is not explicitly described in law, Guidelines or cases.




n29  See Market Definition Report, which is a suggested set of best practices
but non-binding to the authority.




n30  Resolution 164/2001, available at
http://www.infoleg.gob.ar/infolegInternet/anexos/70000-74999/70302/norma.htm. It
is important to analyze the producers' location for the determination of the
relevant geographic market.




n31  Joint Directive, SEAE/SDE No. 50 (2001) at 9, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf. Item 32
of the Guidelines for horizontal concentrations describes that the agency must
consider suppliers' location, but this is not always included in the analysis of
all cases.




n32  Resolution 164/2001 requires evidence that consumers are able to move to
other areas due to changes in price in order to buy the product.




n33  Joint Directive, SEAE/SDE No. 50 (2001) at 9, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf. Item 32
of the Guidelines for horizontal concentrations notes that the agency must
consider consumers' location, but this is not always considered in every case.




n34  Resolution 164/2001 can be interpreted as saying both that rapid entrants
need to be considered (a low barriers to entry argument) and that supply- side
substitution ought to be included as well, since the example it presents is that
of paper whereby a company can adjust its production technology to produce
different grades of paper.




n35  Joint Directive, SEAE/SDE No. 50/2001 at 9, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf. According
to Item 32 of the Guidelines for horizontal concentrations, the agency must
consider time and costs involved in producing substitute products, but this is
not always included in all of the cases analyzed.




n36  By allowing for technical possibilities of substitution of a product or
service within paragraph I of article 12, the law is allowing for supply-side
substitution within the relevant market definition analysis. Federal Law of
Economic Competition, Mexico.




n37  Resolution 164/2001, available at
http://www.infoleg.gob.ar/infolegInternet/anexos/70000-74999/70302/norma.htm.




n38  Resolution 164/2001, subsection II.3 (and is also applied where
concentrations are horizontal or vertical).




n39  Resolution 164/2001, subsection II.4 (and in several cases when the type of
concentration is horizontal or vertical).




n40  Resolution 164/2001, subsection IV. Consider supply side substitution as an
element for the possibility of abusing market power.




n41  Although not explicitly excluded, marginal consumers' considerations are
not taken into account neither in the Resolution 164/2001 nor in case decisions.




n42  Marginal consumers are not considered in law or in the Guidelines for
Horizontal Mergers. They are not considered either in the cases analyzed, but
this type of analysis is not prohibited.




n43  Market Power Report at 13-14.




n44  Resolution 164/2001 subsection III.b. Non-price competition, mainly
innovation, is considered as part of the unilateral effects to measure the
competitive assessments, but is not mentioned with regards to market power.




n45  Market Power Report; Market Definition Report.




n46  Is not explicitly defined in Resolution 168/2001 but an outline of this
subject could be seen in subsection VII, and in various cases vertical relations
of parties to a concentration, where upstream and downstream effects are
analyzed and the agency has explores any changes to buying power.




n47  Market Power Report, 16-17.




n48  Resolution 168/2001, Subsection IV.




n49  Horizontal Merger Guidelines, Item 45, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf.




n50  Article 12 of rulings to the law (Federal Law of Economic Competition,
Mexico) describes different elements that can be considered barriers to entry,
such as financial costs, investment amounts and indivisibilities, legal
barriers, advertising expenditures and legal limitations, but does not
explicitly describe timeliness, likeliness and sufficiency of entry.




n51  Resolution 168/2001, Subsection VI.




n52  Horizontal Merger Guidelines, Items 61-65, available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/internacional/Horizontal Merger Guidelines.pdf.




n53  This is contained within the definition of relative monopolistic
practices-conduct analyzed by rule of reason (article 10)-and of anticompetitive
mergers (article 16). The language for both note that in order to establish an
infringement to the law it is necessary to determine that their objective or
effect is to unduly displace, substantially foreclose or establish exclusive
advantages, for conduct investigations; or to reduce, harm or impede competition
and free market access for anticompetitive mergers. Federal Law of Economic
Competition, Mexico.




n54  Resolution 164/2001. Unilateral effects are not explicitly stated as such,
but the Resolution states that a merger review must consider whether the company
eliminated was a vigorous and effective competitor.




n55  Resolution 164/2001. Coordinated effects are not explicitly stated as such,
but the Resolution states that the characteristics of the remaining competitors
in the relevant market have to be considered, and if they tend to accept
stability and behave as followers, competitive conditions could be harmed.




n56  Federal Law of Economic Competition, Mexico. This is still an open
question. Article 17 of the law clearly foresees unilateral effects but adds
that any act or attempt to exercise monopolistic practices is evidence of an
anticompetitive merger. This has currently been interpreted as a possibility to
review coordinated effects within a merger.




n57  This section draws largely from David S. Evans, Attention Rivalry among
Online Platforms and Its Implications for Antitrust Analysis, Journal of
Competition Law and Economics (forthcoming). University of Chicago Institute for
Law & Economics Olin Research Paper No. 627 (2013), available at
http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2195340.




n58  See David S. Evans, Vanessa Zhang, and Howard Chang, Analyzing Competition
among Internet Players: Qihoo v. Tencent, CPI Antitrust Chronicle(2013).




n59  Lucia Bibolini and Lawrence Baker, Latin American Broadband and Internet
Market, 9th ed., available at http://www.budde.com.au/Research/2010-Latin-
American-Broadband-and-Internet-Market.html.




n60  Comscore, available at http://www.comscore.com (last accessed Dec. 2011).




n61  Comscore, available at http://www.comscore.com (last accessed June 2007).




n62  Google and Ipsos, 2012, available at
http://www.rcrwireless.com/americas/20120522/devices/smartphone-penetration-24-i
n- argentina-20-in-mexico-14-in-brazil.




n63  The advent of smart mobile devices has increased the amount of time that
consumers realistically have available for Internet-based activities. They are
still constrained by having no more than 168 hours a week.




n64  See David S. Evans and Richard Schmalensee, The Antitrust Analysis of
Multi-Sided Platform Businesse, Oxford Handbook on International Antitrust
Economics, eds. Roger Blair and Daniel Sokal (Oxford University Press, 2013).
Also available in University of Chicago Institute for Law & Economics, Olin
Research Paper No. 623 (forthcoming), available at
http://ssrn.com/abstract=2185373.




n65  The fixed cost could be endogenous in the sense that firms invest more in
the asset in anticipation of attracting more people.




n66  See David S. Evans, Andrei Hagiu, and Richard Schmalensee, Invisible
Engines: How Software Platforms Drive Innovation and Transform Industries (MIT
Press, 2006).




n67  David S. Evans, Attention Rivalry among Online Platforms and Its
Implications for Antitrust Analysis, University of Chicago Institute for Law &
Economics Olin, Research Paper No. 627 (2013) at 9-10, available at
http://ssrn.com/abstract=2195340 or http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2195340. The
total amount of time spent online increased by 373 percent between September
2002 and September 2012. That figure includes both the increase in the number of
people online and the increase in the average amount of time spent online.




n68  Id.




n69  United States Securities and Exchange Commission, Yahoo Inc. Annual Fiscal
Report (Washington D.C. 2011) at 14, available at
http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1011006/000119312513085111/d442073d10k.ht
m.




n70  See Evans, Attention Rivalry.




n71  Comscore, available at http://www.comscore.com (last accessed Apr. 2013).




n72  Some of these new websites do not represent new businesses, but are rather
new websites for existing businesses.




n73  Compete.com database, January 2012 and July 2012.




n74  Compete.com, September 2002 to September 2012.




n75  Compete.com, September 2002, September 2007, and September 2012.




n76  www.alexa.com.




n77  Under the narrower definition, a website counts as an advertising-
supported attention seeker if 1) it is consumer-focused, and 2) its revenues
come exclusively or almost exclusively from banner ads, search ads, or flat
listing fees for items for sale. Under the broader definition, a website counts
as an attention- seeker if 1) it is consumer focused, 2) it earns substantial
revenue from banner ads, search ads, fees for items for sales (whether flat
listing fees, commissions, revenue sharing, buyer fees, or sales lead fees), 3)
its other revenue comes from advertising-related sources, such as consumer
research, marketing campaign design, other marketing services, premium
membership fees for consumers to avoid ads and/or receive additional services,
and credits for virtual goods.




n78  Conversions are defined as the proportion of visitors to a website who take
action to go beyond a casual content view or website visit as a result of subtle
or direct request from marketers, advertisers, and content creators.




n79  See Catherine Tucker, The Implications of Improved Attribution and
Measurability for Online Advertising Markets?, (Competition Conference,
University of Melbourne, Nov. 6, 2012), available at
http://ipria.org.au/events/conf/Competition Conference/Measureabiltiy and online
ads. pdf.




n80  According to marketing material for Visual IQ's IQ Intelligence Suite,
which is one of the leading cross-channel attribution technologies, "Once your
marketing performance data and customer data (and any other data you wish to
include) has been collected, formatted, normalized and integrated during the
software set-up process, IQ Insight presents it to you through its powerful, yet
easy to use dashboard and reporting interface. This allows you the flexibility
to view, report upon and compare the performance of every channel, campaign and
marketing tactic side by side, and to analyze that performance by any criteria
specific to your company, industry or business model. IQ Insight provides both
executive overview and granular views of your marketing ecosystem using a common
set of your own key performance indicators (KPIs)," available at
http://www.visualiq.com/products/iq-intelligence- suite (last accessed Nov.
2012).




n81  Econsultancy (2012). The data were collected from September 26 through
October 23, 2011. Of 607 respondents, 44 percent were located in North America
and 33 percent were in the United Kingdom.




n82  Forrester Interactive Attribution (2012).




n83  Asociaci n Mexicana de Televisi n (AMIPCI), H bitos de los usuarios de
Internet en Mexico. May 17, 2011 and October 2007, 2011 version available at
http://www.slideshare.net/venturis/amipci-hbitos-de-los-usuarios-de-internet-en-
mxico-2011.




n84  Different sources of attention may have different values to advertisers
because of differences in "how attentive" people are to advertisements on the
property and the context in which they are seeing the advertisements. These
differences between source of attention lead to differences in the likelihood
that a view by a consumer will result in a "conversion"-that is a sale of a
good-for the merchant. However, these differences do not necessarily lead to
traditional product differentiation issues. For example, if property A leads to
10 percent of the conversions per person viewing an advertisement as property B,
and that is the only difference, the price for showing an ad to a person on
property B would be 10 percent of the price of the same advertisement on
property A. At these prices the two properties would be close substitutes. For
example, it is much "cheaper" per click to buy display ads on Facebook than to
buy search ads on Google. But the Facebook ads result in much fewer conversions
per click than do the Google ads. See Larry Kim, Google Display Network vs.
Facebook Advertising, Wordstream (2012), available at
http://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2012/05/15/ipo-facebook-vs-google-display-
advertising; see also, JCD Repair, Google Adwords vs. Facebook Ads - It Was No
Contest, (2012), available at http://www.jcdrepair.com/blog/google-adwords-vs-
facebook-ads-it-was-no-contest/645.




n85  Avi Goldfarb and Catherine Tucker, Substitution between Offline and Online
Advertising Markets (2010), available at http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.1721001.




n86  Chantal Tode, Macy's makes mobile integral part of Black Friday strategy to
drive in-store sales, Mobile Commerce Daily (2012), available at
http://www.mobilecommercedaily.com/macy%E2%80%99s-enhances-mobile-app-to-facilit
ate- shopping-on-black-friday; Chantal Tode, Fairmont Hotels enhances foursquare
check-ins with location-based offers, Mobile Commerce Daily (2012), available at
http://www.mobilecommercedaily.com/fairmont-hotels-enhances-foursquare-check-ins
- with-location-based-offers.




n87  For the purposes of this Article, attention is the time that consumers
spend focusing their minds on content. Attention rivals provide products and
services to buyers, such as advertisers, who would like to get some of this
attention. This attention is not necessarily fungible. Depending on the
circumstances in which it is provided advertisers might have a chance of getting
more attention or greater focused from consumers or might get attention in a
context that makes that attention more valuable because they have a greater
chance of persuading consumers to buy something.




n88  Although an example from one of the three Latin American countries we have
presented here would have been ideal, our research into the experiences of
Argentina, Brazil, and Mexico in reviewing internet-based cases offered very
little information about their analysis. Nevertheless, we present a summary of
this research in an Appendix to the paper.




n89  Skype and Microsoft provide communication services to consumers and
enterprises. For the sake of brevity this section just considers the merger
issues relevant for the consumer services.




n90  EC Microsoft Skype Decision, Case No. Comp/M.6281-Microsoft/Skype (2011) at
20, available at http://ec.europa.eu/competition/mergers/cases/decisions/m6281
20111007 20310 2079398 EN.pdf.




n91  National Commission for Defense of Competition (CNDC), Dict men 196/2004,
Grupo Telef nica and BellSouth Corporation (2004).




n92  Ato de Concentra o 08012.001697/2002-89. Oficio SDE/GAB 050/2002. Nestle
Brasil LTDA. e Chocolates Garoto S.A. (2002), available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/Default.aspx?e142c252a3798dadb8.




n93  Case number DE-013-2008 (appeal RA-037-2012), available at
http://resoluciones.cfc.gob.mx/ (last accessed June 2012).




n94  It is unfortunate, however, that the level of detail in the analysis of
these cases is scant in the case of Argentina and most notably in Mexico.
Nevertheless, to the extent that we can present their decisions as a reference
of what the agency considered the relevant markets to be and whether market
power existed in this industry, we've included the authorities' determinations
here.




n95  CNDC, Dictamen 144, America Online Inc. and Time Warner Inc. (Oct. 24,
2000), available at http://www.cndc.gov.ar/dictamenes/39 1 000144.pdf.




n96  Department of Justice, Secretary of Economic Law, Ato de Concentra ao
08012.008554/2007-11, Microsoft Corporation and aQuantive Inc. (2007), available
at http://www.cade.gov.br/plenario/Sessao 404/Pareceres/ParecerProcade AC
08012.008554- 2007-11 001.pdf.




n97  Department of Justice, Secretary of Economic Law, Ato de Concentra ao
08012.000710/2008-78, Microsoft Corporation and Fast Search & Transfer Asa.
(2008), available at http://www.cade.gov.br/temp/t1010201310013648.pdf.




n98  Departmentof Justice, Secretary of Economic Law, Ato de Concentra ao
08012.006419/2009-94, Ministerio Da Justi a. Secretaria de Direito Econ mico.
Microsoft Corporation y Yahoo! Inc. (Aug. 24 2009), available at
http://www.cade.gov.br/temp/t1010201310013966.pdf.




n99  Department of Justice, Administrative Council for Economic Defense, Ato de
Concentra ao 08012.000182/2002-61, Yahoo! Do Brasil Internet y Starmedia do
Brasil Ltda.




n100  Department of Justice, Secretary of Economic Law, Ato de Concentra ao
08012.000212/2003-11 Yahoo! Inc. y Inktomi Corporation (Jan. 14, 2003).




n101  CNDC, Dictamen 197, B to B Factory Ventures S.A. y Consalvi International
Inc. (Jan. 25 2001).




n102  Department of Finance, Secretary for Economic Monitoring, Ato de Concentra
ao 08012.006162/2005-47, Google Brasil Internet Ltda. y Akwan S.A. (Aug. 26
2005), available at http://www.abusando.org/denuncias/akwan-cade google1.pdf.




n103  CNT-138-1999 (Terra Networks Mexico, SA de CV / Informacion Selectiva, SA
de CV / Infoshare Communications, Inc / Interdata Infosel, SA de CV / Seguridad
Privada, SA de CV), (October 4, 1999), available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/docs/pdf/cnt-138-99.pdf; CNT-139-1999 (Via Net Works, Inc
/ Infoaccess, SA de CV), (Nov. 15, 1999), available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/IMAGES/STORIES/PUBLICACIONES/GACETAS/05SEPTIEMBRED
ICIEMBRE1999/ G5-2CONCENTRACIONES.PDF; CNT-41-2004 (Flux International / MVS Net
/ Clearwire Corporation), (May 19, 2004), available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/docs/pdf/cnt-41- 2004.htm.pdf.




n104  CNDC, Dictamen 153, Terra Networks y Lycos Virginia (Nov. 17 2000),
available at http://www.cndc.gov.ar/dictamenes/39 1 000153.pdf.




n105  Federal Competition Comission, Expediente No. CNT 090-2011, Google Inc.
and Motorola Mobility Holding (Dec. 8 2011), available at
http://www.cfc.gob.mx/cfcresoluciones/docs/concentraciones/V414/1/1613669.pdf.




n106  Google/Motorola was also reviewed and approved by CADE. It is currently
under review in Argentina by the CNDC.


