
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Pricey iPhone SE a Forbidden Fruit?

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 619 words


Apple has sorely disappointed Indian fans by launching a 4-inch iPhone that so
clearly doesn't seem targeted at emerging markets. The new iPhone SE, starting
at $399 '27,500) in the US for the 16GB (.version, will be available in India
from April 8 at ' . 39,000 (about $600), Apple's distributors said, continuing
with its strategy of pricing launch models at a hefty premium in the country .

Grey market traders have naturally spotted an opportunity for arbitrage but they
say the small iPhone with high specs hasn't generated the usual interest. The
cost in India of

the 64GB variant, which is priced in the US at $499 '34,000), (.hasn't been
announced. Distri

butors Redington and Beetel said pre-bookings will begin at midnight on March
29.

Indian retailers had been expecting much more aggressive pricing, pegging the
new iPhone at a starting level of around ' . 22,000, which could have made it a
volume grosser for the company , four industry executives said.

Some of the surprise over the SE's pricing may stem from Chief Executive Tim
Cook having recently said that India was one of Apple's key growth areas in the
next decade. The company is also seeking to set up its own retail stores in
India.

Retailers aren't expecting blowout sales for the SE, recalling the lukewarm
reception for an earlier variant.

"iPhone SE may go down the same way as the earlier iPhone 5c model, which was
abig flop in several countries including India due to incorrect pricing strategy
," said the chief executive of a leading cellphone retail chain."An iPhone
launch always brings in customers enquiring about pre-bookings, but this time it
has been a dull show." On the other hand, Apple might adopt a tack it has
followed before -cutting prices sometime after the launch to prop up sales.

Gartner Research Director Vishal Tripathi expects this to happen because
4.7-inch iPhones are available for just a little more. "The latest iPhone 6s is
available at a market price ' 43,000-44,000, which is of .larger than SE in
screen size and has competitive features," he said.

The 4-inch, 16GB 5S is avai . 18,000 onlilable for around ' ne while the

iPhone 6 is available for Rs 36,000.The trade feels Apple will have to either
drop prices shortly after launch or offer aggressive buyback

schemes if it wants the SE to catch on.

Apple had priced the iPho . 14,000ne 6s and 6s Plus at ' 16,000 more in India
when they were launched in October than in the US and elsewhere, leading to
lacklustre initial demand. The company then announced buyback schemes and a
series of price drops to encourage buyers. That helped Apple contest Samsung for
leadership of the premium

segment slot -handsets priced over ' . 30,000 -and toppling it by some measures,
as reported by ET on February 20. Apple currently has around 2% share of the
Indian smartphone market.

A grey market seller in Kolkata's Air-conditioned Market said enquiries for
bookings had been low compared with those for the 6s and 6s Plus in
SeptemberOctober. The grey market price of the SE will start at . 32,000-34,000,
he said.' A trader at Mumbai's Heera Panna also said that demand had been higher
for the 6s and 6s Plus.

"The launch phase too is much shorter this time, but probably the lower price of
iPhone 6s online has dampened demand, making iPhone SE appeal to only loyalists
and a smaller section of consumers who prefer smaller screens," he said.

He's referring to the gap between sales starting in the US (on March 31) and in
India being the shortest ever. Samsung did the same with its flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge earlier this month, shortening the time between announcement and
introduction in the Indian market, a reflection of how critical the market is
for phone makers.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday
                                  APM Edition

Apple's latest offering: Fewer features but greater value

BYLINE: Raymond Tham

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 412 words



HIGHLIGHT: Aimed at those who are not brand fans, the release is like a
jacked-up 5s with a nicer finish


SINGAPORE - For those who have become used to bigger screens, the iPhone SE
(picture) is a strange beast. It feels so familiar, yet uncomfortable at the
same time.

Having been on the 6s Plus for a while now, it took me a fairly long time to get
re-acquainted with the smaller 4-inch SE. But while its size might take some
getting used to, the SE is no slouch when it comes to performance. Think of it
as a jacked-up 5s that comes with a nicer finish and more colours (including a
rose-gold version).

Starting from S$658, it is the cheapest iPhone Apple has released to date, and
it is certainly value for money. In terms of hardware, it is nearly as powerful
as the 6s and 6s Plus, albeit with fewer features.

The SE's A9 chip is the same one offered in the 6s and 6s Plus. Benchmark tests
show the SE is as fast as the 6s, and nearly three times faster than the 5s. I
did not notice any difference between the SE and 6s when playing games or
surfing the Web.

Other features carried over from the 6S include the SE's 12MP rear camera,
resulting in fast autofocusing and incredibly detailed photo quality. Unlike the
5s, you can shoot 4K videos and Live Photos. You also get the True Tone flash,
which gives fairly natural looking lighting.

Selfie lovers though may be disappointed to learn that the SE's front-facing
camera is just 1.2MP, unlike the 6s' 5MP.

One major plus for the SE is its battery life, which, for me, lasted more than a
day on regular use. Still, if you have been using the 6s, you might find the SE
lacking in some areas.

For one, it does not have 3D Touch, where you can control your device by
differing the amount of pressure you place on the screen. This feature came with
the 6s, and I would have liked it on the SE, as I use it often.

Apple also passed on upgrading the fingerprint sensor, sticking to the one used
on the 5s. This means that unlocking your phone will be slightly slower compared
with the 6s.

With about 30 million 4-inch iPhones sold last year, there appears to be a
sizeable market for the SE. Apple CEO Tim Cook has said the SE is meant for
first-time iPhone buyers or those holding onto an older device with no intention
to upgrade to a larger phone.

For Apple's target audience, the SE will not disappoint, offering both
affordability and performance.

The iPhone SE is available in space grey, silver, gold and rose-gold metallic
finishes in 16GB and 64GB models. It is sold at the online Apple store and other
authorised retailers.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            January 19, 2016 Tuesday

Here's a quick solution to iPhone 6 battery bug issue

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Jan. 19 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s users seem to be affected by a bug which displays
an incorrect battery percentage.


 There are reportedly misleading battery charge percentage shown on the phone
which lead the users to believe that they more battery power, while the fact is
that the meter is giving wrong reading.
 Apple last week said in the website that it is "aware of this issue and is
investigating the cause and a solution."
 The company gave the following solution:
 If your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus battery percentage doesn't update
 If you change the time on your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus manually or change
time zones when traveling, you might notice that the battery percentage doesn't
update. Learn what to do.
 Follow these steps:
 Restart your iPhone.
 Go to Settings > General > Date & Time and make sure that Set Automatically is
turned on. Learn more about the date and time on your device.
 If this happens again and you didn't change the time or time zone on your
device, contact Apple Support.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

iPhone 7 Plus to boast increased storage and battery

LENGTH: 286  words


By tbreak Staff -

The rumor mills have been going on overdrive with speculations, leaks and rumors
of the iPhone 7 and a Plus variant ever since the iPhone 6s came out. The latest
news however, says that the iPhone 7 Plus may come with an increased storage and
battery.

A recent report from Chinese media site MyDrivers stated that the iPhone will be
getting a major upgrade this year. The iPhone 7 Plus might apparently be getting
external design changes, specifically new 256GB storage configuration and a
larger internal battery, rumored to be 3100 mAH. The batteries had in fact
gotten smaller with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 2750 mAH and 2915 mAH
respectively.

Battery life of the iPhone is a complaint shared by many iPhone users, and is
often used as a comparative element with other Android devices. If this rumor is
true, the iPhone 7 Plus will have an increase of 10% battery life as compared to
the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Although mAH does not actually convert do battery
life, it does indicate that the chips and circuit boards will get more efficient
over time.

Raising the storage of the device could also suggest that Apple could be
changing up the storage across the board, thus heeding to another popular
complaint that the 16GB is just too small. With higher megapixel cameras, HD and
4K videos, users do require larger space to store all their photos and videos.
However, the report specifically claims that the 256GB storage might come only
for the iPhone 7 Plus.

The new iPhone 7 and Plus variant, are expected to come out during fall, but
there are also rumors of another 4 inch iPhone 6c set to be revealed at Apple's
press event in March.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/96/145199455701.jpg



LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                                 Cairns Edition

iWant one too, say fans

BYLINE: Hayden Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 269  words


SHOPPERS could have been excused for thinking it was Christmas at Cairns Central
yesterday as the newest Apple products hit the shelves.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched at the Telstra Store, and they quickly
became the hottest toys in town.

"It's often a bit tamer at the mid-range launch but it's been a really good
day," Telstra sales consultant Trudi Campbell said. "We've had a lot of people
coming through, there's still a lot of interest about.

"We call it our Boxing Day because it's one of the busiest days of the year." Ms
Campbell said the store "hit the ground running" yesterday as customers waited
to check out the new products, which feature 12-megapixel camera capacity and 4K
video recording.

"We opened the doors at 8am and didn't stop," she said.

Thousands of the new phones, valued at up to $1500 each, have already been sold
across the country.

Core technologies like the touchscreen have been updated, and phones are
constructed from an entirely new material.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are also expected to be more durable than previous
Apple products.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," Apple executive Philip
Schiller said.

Cairns resident Ryan Williams was one of the first to buy the iPhone 6s and he
couldn't have been happier with his purchase.

"As far as technology goes it's the newest, it's always good to stay up to
date," he said."I always try and keep up to date with the Apple products when
they come out."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Record iPhone sales expected Apple: Company did not release numbers Apple:
Company did not release sales figures

BYLINE: By Adam Satariano Bloomberg By Adam Satariano Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 809 words


Apple Inc. is predicting initial sales of its new iPhone models will top last
year's opening-weekend record, thanks largely to demand in China.

Preorders for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were "very strong" and sales are on pace to
exceed last year's launch-weekend record of 10 million handsets, Apple said on
Monday. The devices, unveiled at an event in San Francisco last week, will hit
stores on Sept. 25.

The strong demand was aided by orders from China, which this year was added as
one of the countries to sell the smartphone at its introduction. Gene Munster,
an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos., said orders may be roughly flat if customers
in China weren't included in the initial availability. Munster is predicting
opening-weekend sales of as many as 13 million units, with China accounting for
about 2 million shipments.

Maintaining healthy demand for the iPhone is critical for Apple, which got more
than 60 percent of its revenue from the handsets in recent quarters. Analysts
have questioned whether the new models will be able to match the success of last
year's

record-setting release, when the company overhauled the design of the device
with bigger screens. Walter Piecyk, an analyst at BTIG in New York, said the
early figures "should not be taken as strong evidence" that iPhone sales will
exceed last year's record output.

Apple shares rose 1 percent to $115.31 at the close in New York. The shares have
fallen 12 percent since July 21, when Apple released financial results that were
lower than analysts anticipated, sparking concerns about the company's ability
to keep up its torrid growth year after year. An economic slowdown in China, the
company's second-biggest market after the U.S., has added to the investor
hand-wringing.

Unlike last year, when Apple said it sold more than 4 million units during the
first 24 hours of orders, the company didn't give numbers this year. "Customer
response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and
preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said.

The new iPhone models add an improved camera, faster processor and a new feature
called 3D Touch that provides shortcuts to common tasks when applying stronger
pressure to the screen. In addition to the U.S. and China, the handsets will be
available in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore and the U.K.

See Apple on Page 4

Apple Inc. is predicting initial sales of its new iPhone models will top last
year's opening-weekend record, thanks largely to demand in China.

Preorders for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were "very strong" and sales are on pace to
exceed last year's launch-weekend record of 10 million handsets, Apple said on
Monday. The devices, unveiled at an event in San Francisco last week, will hit
stores on Sept. 25.

The strong demand was aided by orders from China, which this year was added as
one of the countries to sell the smartphone at its introduction. Gene Munster,
an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos., said orders may be roughly flat if customers
in China weren't included in the initial availability. Munster is predicting
opening-weekend sales of as many as 13 million units, with China accounting for
about 2 million shipments.

Maintaining healthy demand for the iPhone is critical for Apple, which got more
than 60 percent of its revenue from the handsets in recent quarters. Analysts
have questioned whether the new models will be able to match the success of last
year's

record-setting release, when the company overhauled the design of the device
with bigger screens. Walter Piecyk, an analyst at BTIG in New York, said the
early figures "should not be taken as strong evidence" that iPhone sales will
exceed last year's record output.

Apple shares rose 1 percent to $115.31 at the close in New York. The shares have
fallen 12 percent since July 21, when Apple released financial results that were
lower than analysts anticipated, sparking concerns about the company's ability
to keep up its torrid growth year after year.

An economic slowdown in China, the company's second-biggest market after the
U.S., has added to the investor hand-wringing.

Unlike last year, when Apple said it sold more than 4 million units during the
first 24 hours of orders, the company didn't give numbers this year.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said.

The new iPhone models add an improved camera, faster processor and a new feature
called 3D Touch that provides shortcuts to common tasks when applying stronger
pressure to the screen. \

In addition to the U.S. and China, the handsets will be available in Australia,
Canada, France, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.

Continued from Page 1

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM: COOK Skyhigh Prices may've Brought Apple to
Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 648 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country .

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday . But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on memory
and model, Rs 8,5009,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6 and
6 Plus and also Rs 14,000-16,000 costlier than their prices in global markets
like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple's trade partners in
India attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India and
many global markets to two factors: depreciation of the rupee against dollar
whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with
imported smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while
this difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long term in a few markets like India where factors like
currency were "transitional kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter
with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

DISCOUNT PUSH

Apple said iPhone sales in South

Asia, including India, during the July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts
say sales during this quarter in India were driven by ag gressive online
discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive offi cer of a leading cell phone retai chain said. "In fact,
there is suffi cient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
re ported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus. Incidental ly, Apple was targeting a two-to three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fis cal year ended September
2015 Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong head winds" from
foreign exchange rates. Apple also posted largest ab solute revenue growth ever,
grow ing by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month an nounced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6s and 6s Plus models in 12 markets includ ing the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new re cord for the company .

The company management dur ing the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

Preorders strong ahead of iPhone release

BYLINE: Cheng Sokhorng

LENGTH: 563  words


A thriving grey market has done little to dampen anticipation for the official
launch of the latest iPhone models in Cambodia, and authorised dealers say
consumers are lining up to purchase the new smartphone handsets as soon as they
become available.

Apple Inc released the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S Plus in a dozen international
markets in late September, but the two models will not be officially released in
Cambodia until Friday.

Unable to wait, some consumers have resorted to purchasing the new smartphone
models from grey market dealers, often paying a high premium for flipped
handsets.

Smart, one of two authorised iPhone retailers in the Kingdom, said it has
received a barrage of orders for licensed handsets since announcing a pre-order
booking process on its Facebook page last week.

The option allows Smart subscribers to reserve a handset for purchase on
November 13 by putting down a $20 deposit, which is deducted from their account.

We're receiving a lot of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus pre-orders from customers every
day, and the numbers will be incredible like we saw last year, said Mith Hak, a
public relations specialist for Smart.

The telecom firm ran dry on the first day the iPhone 6, the predecessor model,
was released in the Kingdom last year. Hak said this year the company had
prepared for high demand.

For sure, we have enough [handsets] to supply the Cambodian market's needs, Hak
said, without revealing any details on the size of company's stock.

He added that Cambodian consumers were eager to purchase or upgrade to the
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus because these models offer significant improvements
over their predecessor including a better camera, faster processor, 3D touch
display, stronger body and a new colour option, rose gold.

Smart is offering the iPhone 6S starting at $728 and iPhone 6S Plus from $828.
The price depends on configuration, and includes a special number and one-year
free data offer.

Over at iOne, the other authorised iPhone retailer in Cambodia, a surge in
pre-registrations is keeping sales employees busy.

Pre-registrations are double what we saw last year, said Kao Damaityma, iOne's
marketing manager.

Unlike Smart, iOne's pre-registration is open to the general public and
customers are not required to make a deposit.

Customers that pre-register at an iOne branch will be notified when the phone
arrives and can purchase it without waiting in line. Advertised prices on its
handsets are about $30 more expensive than those of Smart.

Damaityma said iOne, which in addition to being a retailer is the sole
authorised service centre for all Apple products in Cambodia, is not trying to
compete with Smart on sales.

We have a different target, and offer different benefits [to consumers], she
said.

The approaching date of the official launch of the iPhone handsets has seen grey
market prices plummet, but vendors have shown no sign of concern.

Chhim Sang Heng, owner of Hak Se phone shop, said prices of iPhone handsets in
his store had fallen since late September and were now slightly below those
announced by the local licensed Apple retailers.

We keep selling iPhones as normal, and will continue to even after Smart and
iOne will release the phone, Sang Heng said.

He added that some customers prefer his stock of US-sourced handsets over those
offered by Smart and iOne, which he claimed are shipped from Thailand and
Singapore.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Apple TV sends company into video games market; Company also unveils iPad Pro,
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 738 words


Apple rolled out a holiday shopping list of new devices Wednesday, with its
newest iPhones only part of a lineup that included a new Apple TV and iPad Pro.

"We could not be more excited to be here this morning," Apple CEO Tim Cook said
as he opened the event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco. "It
has been an incredible year for Apple. We are really firing on all cylinders."

The Apple TV with a new remote that doubles as a game controller makes Apple a
contender in the gaming market, where it will square off against traditional
consoles that cost much more. It also marks the debut of a TV app store.

"For me, the most interesting and intriguing part is Apple TV and what that's
going to mean for entertainment," said Chris Hobbs, president and cofounder of
the software development company Two Tall Totems and president of the Vancouver
iOS Developers Meet Up Group. "All of a sudden, now (Apple TV is) not just for
consuming entertainment, it's actually going to be a full game machine so, we're
going to be able to play games just like we could on the phone.

"It could be a game changer because all of a sudden all those apps we had
written for the iPad and the iPhone are now transferable right onto the Apple
TV." Aaron Hilton, executive chair of the mobile app development company Conquer
Mobile, said with Wednesday's announcement Apple is leveraging the strengths of
its existing ecosystem and bringing them to the home entertainment market.

"It's great news for developers, especially game developers looking to target
this audience," he said. "You can write your code for iPhone first and also make
an Apple TV variant and know you are going to have a decent market pretty
quickly."

The iPad Pro, a powerful 12.9-inch iPad with an optional keyboard and a new
Apple Pencil stylus, is clearly aimed at the enterprise market Microsoft has
been targeting with its Surface lineup and Windows 10. (Microsoft was among
companies on stage at the Apple event, demonstrating Microsoft Office on the new
iPad.)

The iPad Pro has the power to handle demanding applications, and the Apple
Pencil allows for unprecedented accuracy for drawing and sketching. The iPad Pro
is slim at 6.9 millimetres and lightweight at 712 grams (1.57 pounds), with a
full-sized screen keyboard as well as an optional physical keyboard. It has an
eight-megapixel iSight camera and 1080p video recording. No Canadian pricing has
been announced for the device, but it starts at $799 US for the 32-gigabyte
Wi-Fi model, with the Apple Pencil $99 US and the smart keyboard $169 US. The
128GB cellular-plus Wi-Fi model will be $1,079 US.

The new Apple TV adds Siri voice control plus the new remote that doubles as a
game controller. Canadian pricing is not yet available, according to Apple
Canada, but the Apple TV 32GB model will be $149 US, with the 64GB model $199
US.

In overall appearance, there is little change with the newest iPhones, although
features have been upgraded. The iPhone 6S has the same 4.7-inch screen size as
the iPhone 6, and the 6S Plus is 5.5 inches, the same as the 6 Plus.

New to the iPhones is 3D Touch, a pressure-sensitive technology demonstrated in
such features as new "Peek and Pop" that reacts to a light touch with a peek at
a photo, webpage or other content, while more pressure will pop right into the
content. The iPhones also have Live Photo, a new feature that adds sound and
action to photos by capturing time both at the beginning and end of your photo
shot.

The new iPhones deliver 4K video, a first for an iPhone, a 12-megapixel
rear-facing camera, up from the 8 megapixels of the 6 and 6 Plus, with a
fivemegapixel HD camera and a new screen flash for low-light selfies.

Pre-orders start for the iPhones Saturday, with the phones available starting
Sept. 25.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife

See video with this story at vancouversun.com

New iPhones don't come cheap

iPhone 6S (unlocked, no

iPhone 6S Plus (unlocked, no contract) contract) iPhone 6s available in gold,
silver, Available in same colours as the space grey, and the new 6S rose gold
metallic finishes 16GB $1,029 16GB $899 32GB $1,159 64GB $1,029 64GB $1,289
128GB $1,159

Apple also announced a monthly plan starting at $32 US that allows iPhone buyers
to upgrade their phones annually, but that option will not be available in
Canada, according to Apple Canada. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Edelson, AFP, Getty Images; An Apple employee demonstrates how to
use the new Apple Pencil for the iPad Pro at a media event in San Francisco on
Wednesday. Apple says the new large-screen tablet has the power and capabilities
to replace a laptop computer.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        May 31, 2015 Sunday 06:00 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Getting chippy, Force Touch all around

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 605  words


Click for image

You know it's a slow week for iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 rumors when most of the
scuttlebutt centers around who's going to be making the next great Apple
smartphone's processors.

But that's what we've largely been reduced to, in nanometer detail, this past
week.

Apple in recent years has used rival Samsung as well as Taiwan's TSMC as chip
suppliers, with speculation about the future of Samsung's contributions to the
iPhone and iPad fluctuating in sync with just how nasty or nice Apple and the
Korean company are being to each other at the time.

GforGames, which has been increasingly making a name for itself as a source of
early news on mobile devices, reported this week on the battle for the next
iPhone processor - the A9 - and the one after that, presumably the A10. The
thinking goes that the iPhone 6S/6S Plus would get the A9 later this year and
the iPhone 7 next year would be powered by the A10.

"Last month, word on the street was that the battle between Samsung and TSMC
came to an end after the Korean smartphone maker received 100% of the Apple A9
orders. Not too long after these reports made it in the headlines, a series of
rumors suggested that TSMC could actually be responsible for the manufacturing
of 30% of all the A9 orders, while Samsung will handle the rest in its 14nm
factories.

However, more recently we came across a couple of interesting reports from
Taiwan suggesting that Apple will increase TSMC's orders for the A9 SoC and that
the next-gen A10 chips might be entirely manufactured by TSMC using a 10nm
manufacturing process which will be set in place by the end of 2015."

The Electronic Daily News from China also reports that TSMC is ramping up new
manufacturing facilities to ensure it gets a piece of the Apple A10 pie by
making more efficient processors.

Cult of Mac says it's no surprise that TSMC is cranking up its facilities:

"There's every reason why TSMC would pull out all the stops to impress Apple.
Although it won orders against rival chip manufacturer Samsung at the height of
Apple and Samsung's animosity, now that this has cooled again Samsung appears to
be hoovering up more of Apple's chip orders."

Force Touch all around

The assumption in recent weeks from iPhone rumor-mongers has been that the Force
Touch technology in the Apple Watch and newer Macs, which lets you access
controls based on the amount of pressure you apply with your fingers, would be
coming to all of the next generation iPhones.

But reports this week, including from Electronic Daily News and Boy Genius
Report, are that Apple initially considered just making Force Touch available on
its big honkin' iPhone 6S Plus phablet.  But apparently Apple thought better of
that, figuring if people's fingers can fit on a little Apple Watch screen then
they can certainly get touchy on a presumably 4.7-inch iPhone 6S or iPhone 7,
not just a 5.5-inch iPhone 6S Plus. Apple is pretty high on its phablet these
days given that new numbers show that the iPhone 6 Plus leads this soaring
market in share.

iPhone trickery

Perhaps the biggest story in iPhone-land this week had nothing to do with
rumors, but with a real live pesky iMessage bug that let people prank each other
in the form of sending weird unicode messages that could shut down iPhones.

Apple acknowledged the issue early on, offered a workaround a couple of days
later and is promising a fix. As for the workaround, Apple recommends using Siri
to save the day. So perhaps this was actually a good opportunity for Apple to
pump up its interactive voice technology, which has been pretty absent from the
iPhone 6S/7 rumor mill now that I think of it.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 07, 2015

Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus Launched in Nigeria

BYLINE: Emma Okonji

LENGTH: 375 words


Redington, the official distribution company of Apple mobile phones in Nigeria,
in collaboration with Apple, a global Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), has
launched the latest release of Apple iPhones, the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus in Nigeria.

The launch, which was part of a series of launches for the Apple mobile phone
products across various regions of the world, was held last week in Micro
Station's sales outlet at the Computer Village market in Lagos, and it attracted
several people that visited the Computer Village market on that day.

Speaking on the essence of the launch in Nigeria, Marketing Manager, Telco
Africa, Redington Nigeria Limited, Mr. Sunil Pangtey, said: "The purpose of the
launch is to communicate to consumers that iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are now
officially available in Nigeria with warranty. This communication will create
awareness among consumers to buy authentic iPhones in their home country
Nigeria."

According to him, Redington Nigeria would partner with all its key partners like
SLOT, Park n Shop, Pointek, Finet, Dallas communications, DSCL, Kolia Angel,
Micro Station, among others, to increase the availability of iPhones across
Nigeria. We will continue to work towards ensuring that iPhones are available at
every retail store in the country. S peaking on the features of the phone,
Pangtey said "the phones are unique, friendly and attractive to behold and they
are very powerful from inside in terms of specification and rich features."

The phones come with 3D touch, which is the next generation multi touch phones,
and the first time ever done on a smart phone. It will enhance the use of
various apps in a totally different manner. It has A9 Processor, which is the
most advanced chipset ever, and comes in 7000 Series Aluminum alloy body,
Advanced Touch ID for better security and faster Long Term Evolution (LTE) and
Wi-Fi technologies. All these features make the mobile phones the most
irresistible smartphones and the best iPhone ever made, Pangtey said.

He explained that the phones come with a one year warranty, subjected to
clauses, and that the company would soon conduct the Apple certified training
and workshops, which are approved by Apple and would be as per company
guidelines.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus to cost much higher here than overseas

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 304 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs 62,000
for the lowest storage variant and as much as Rs 92,000 for the top-end model,
distributors said Thursday. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, experts
said.

The latest phones, which have been offered for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25,
will be available for pre-registration at Apple's local distributor websites,
including Brightstar, besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

The 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold for Rs
62,000, Rs 72,000 and Rs 82,000, respectively, and similar versions of the 6s
Plus will cost Rs 72,000,Rs 82,000 andRs 92,000. In the US, the cheapest iPhone
6s is listed on Apple's website for $649 (Rs 42,235) while the same model on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (Rs 48,295).

ET was the first to report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed.
The new models in India are 14-16 per cent more expensive than the devices
launched last year.

"Globally, pricing remained similar to last year's models, but a strong dollar
led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year...India, not being a
high-volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," said Tarun Pathak, a senior
analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

Other analysts told ET that an outgo of more than Rs 60,000 for a smartphone,
even on monthly instalments, would be a huge amount for most iPhone aspirants,
which may lead to subdued demand.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Official prices of Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus are out

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs 62,000
for the lowest storage variant and as much as Rs 92,000 for the top-end model,
distributors said Thursday. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, experts
said.

The latest phones, which have been offered for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25,
will be available for pre-registration at Apple's local distributor websites,
including Brightstar, besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

The 16GB, 64GB and 128GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold for Rs 62,000,
Rs 72,000 and Rs 82,000, respectively, and similar versions of the 6s Plus will
cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000. In the US, the cheapest iPhone 6s is
listed on Apple's website for $649 (Rs 42,235) while the same model on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (Rs 48,295).

ET was the first to report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed.
The new models in India are 14-16 per cent more expensive than the devices
launched last year.

"Globally, pricing remained similar to last year's models, but a strong dollar
led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year...India, not being a
high-volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," said Tarun Pathak, a senior
analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

Other analysts told ET that an outgo of more than Rs 60,000 for a smartphone,
even on monthly installments, would be a huge amount for most iPhone aspirants,
which may lead to subdued demand.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

Apple unveils an Internet TV system and new iPhone 6S

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 570 words


(AP) -- Apple staked a new claim to the living room as the maker of iPhones and
other hand-held gadgets unveiled an Internet TV system that's designed as a
beachhead for the tech giant's broader ambitions to deliver a wide range of
information, games, music and video to the home.

CEO Tim Cook and other executives also showed off two new iPhone models, a
plus-sized iPad with detachable keyboard and updated software for the Apple
Watch during a two-hour event in San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.

Apple is counting on sales of the new iPhones to maintain its position as one of
the most profitable, and valuable, companies in the world. But it's the new
Apple TV system that some analysts point to as an important step for the company
as Cook attempts to build a business that doesn't rely so heavily on the iPhone.

"Apple is laying the groundwork for a broader living-room strategy" said analyst
Ben Bajarin from the research firm Creative Strategies. Apple wants to make the
already-important TV screen into an essential hub for communication and
entertainment, he said.

"TV plays a huge role in our lives and it occupies an important place in our
homes," Cook said during his presentation. He added that Apple believes "the
future of television is apps" that deliver streaming video, games and other
services.

For now, however, the iPhone is still Apple's most important product. Sales of
the iconic smartphone contributed more than two-thirds of the Cupertino,
California, company's $107 billion in revenue during the first half of 2015.

Apple announced that it will sell two new iPhone models, dubbed the 6s and 6s
Plus, starting Sept. 25. They're roughly the same size and will cost the same as
the record-selling 6 and 6 Plus models introduced last year, which will now sell
for $100 less. The new iPhones will have more memory, faster processors, and a
new 12 mega-pixel camera.

Perhaps the most noticeable upgrade, however, is the addition of "3D Touch," a
feature that uses added screen sensors to detect the difference between a light
tap and extended finger pressure, triggering different menus and functions for
apps made by Apple and outside developers.

Some analysts have questioned how compelling the new features will be. Apple
sold more than 183 million iPhones since the last models were introduced in
2014, which is 40 percent more than it sold in the same period a year earlier.
"That's one big concern about Apple, that it's so dependent on the iPhone," said
Jerry Kim, a Columbia University management professor.

"The smartphone market is headed for a peak, and everyone is going to be feeling
that," said Bob O'Donnell, a veteran consumer tech analyst with Technalysis
Research. "So Apple has got to diversify."

Cook, while insisting there is room for iPhone sales to grow, has begun pushing
into new product categories. In addition to the Apple Watch, introduced earlier
this year, executives spent time showing off the new Apple TV. The new device
has a more powerful processor and updated software for running Internet apps and
games on TVs, along with streaming music and video. It will start at $149 and
will be available in late October.

An integral part of Apple's system is a hand-held remote that can be controlled
with a touch screen and voice commands, allowing users to request information
and search for music, movies or TV shows by using Apple's electronic personal
assistant, Siri.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of
worldwide marketing, talks about the pricing of the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus during the Apple event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San
Francisco. Photo: AP Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide
marketing, talks about the pricing of the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
during the Apple event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Rumoured iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus specifications leaked online

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 241  words


Apple's September 7 event is drawing closer and judging by the secret message
inside its invitation, the company will probably use this opportunity to launch
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Recently, a few alleged specifications of the smartphones has been leaked online
and it looks very similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Alleged specifications of the iPhone 7

According to a report from techtastic, the Phone 7 will sport a 4.7-inch screen
with its branded "Retina HD Display" -- 7501334pixel resolution -- and 2GB
LPDDR4 RAM. Both of which are on to the iPhone 6s. It will be powered by a
beefier A10+M10 Processor and a larger 1960mAh battery.

It is also reportedly packing a 12-megapixel camera with 1/2.6-inch sensor,
F/1.9 and 1:3 microns pixels.

Alleged specifications of the iPhone 7 Plus

On the other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus features a 5.5-inch with a 1080x1920
resolution, identical to the iPhone 6s Plus. Powered by an upgraded A10+M10
processor, the smartphone also has 3GB of RAM which is an extra GB compared to
the iPhone 6s.

The smartphone is reported coming with a 2910mAh battery, an upgrade from the
2750mAh on the previous iteration.

The device is supposedly equipped with two 12 megapixel cameras with a 1/3-inch
sensor and F/1.9.

Whether these reported specifications are accurate is anyone's guess as of now.
We will know more at Apple's September 7th event which we will be covering live,
right here on dnaindia.com and on Twitter (@dna).

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Small but perfectly formed!;
Star Tech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 682 words


THE iPhone SE isn't going to win any awards for design innovation.

With the handset getting its looks from the ageing iPhone 5s it's unlikely to
excite fans desperate for the next big thing.

But this is still a great smartphone and, as with all of Apple's products, it's
solid, beautifully built and made to last.

With its smaller form factor, the SE is also much easier to handle than some of
Apple's bigger devices and you'll have no problems surfing the web one-handed.

However, if you've ventured away from four-inch phones, you're going to find the
SE takes some getting used to.

Everything feels a bit small and cramped on this pocket-sized smartphone and, if
you want the ultimate mobile experience, you'll find the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
much more enjoyable to use.

But if a small phone is what you fancy, you won't find a much better device than
this.

Apple's pixel-packed Retina display is a thing of beauty with content looking
bright and crisp.

Photography fans are also in for a treat as Apple has squeezed its new
12-megapixel iSight snapper into this device and the results are superb.

Pictures are sharp, vibrant and incredibly detailed.

The SE not only takes great still photos but can snap Live Photos which come to
life when you touch the display, while the iSight camera also has the ability to
shoot video in Ultra HD 4K.

For your selfies there's a 1.2-megapixel FaceTime HD camera which even includes
Apple's Retina display flash.

This front-facing lens does the job but is not quite in the same league as the
5-megapixel camera that features on the 6s and 6s Plus.

Fans will be pleased to know that Apple has squeezed its new A9 processor inside
the SE and, boy, this thing is fast.

The SE breezes through daily tasks with a speed that's three times faster than
the 5s.

Even memory-hungry gaming is stutter-free and between Garage-Band and 4K editing
on iMovie we've really struggled to find anything the SE can't cope with.

For a small phone battery life is also impressive.

With a full charge you'll easily get a day's use out the SE. iPhone SE users
also get a fingerprint scanner, fast Wi-Fi and the ability to go to the tills
with Apple Pay.

All of these features are great but perhaps the best thing about the SE is its
price.

This is Apple's cheapest ever iPhone at launch, landing in your hand for under
£370.

Contract prices also start at a very reasonable £26.50 per month.

IF you want to know what's coming t0o your iPhone in 2016 pop this date in your
diary.

Apple has just announced that its yearly WWDC developers conference will take
place on June 13.

This event is when the US firm announces big software updates for all of its
products including Mac, iPhone, Apple Watch and iPad.

THERE'S no question the iPhone SE is a great little phone.

VERDICT the SE but have missed the bigger display found on Apple's flagship
range, which we feel still offers a much richer experience.

It looks good, has a stunning Retina display and exceptional rear camera.

you're not going to find anything better than the SE but if you're looking for
the ultimate iPhone experience, you might be better with a 6s or 6s Plus.

Powered by Apple's latest A9 processor, it's also blisteringly fast and is,
frankly, an absolute joy to use.

However, the SE now makes owning an iPhone much more affordable and that's why
millions of Apple fans are going to love it.

If you want a small iPhone We've enjoyed our time with THERE'S no question the
iPhone SE is a great little phone.

It looks good, has a stunning Retina display and exceptional rear camera.

Powered by Apple's latest A9 processor, it's also blisteringly fast and is,
frankly, an absolute joy to use.

If you want a small iPhone you're not going to find anything better than the SE
but if you're looking for the ultimate iPhone experience, you might be better
with a 6s or 6s Plus.

We've enjoyed our time with the SE but have missed the bigger display found on
Apple's flagship range, which we feel still offers a much richer experience.

However, the SE now makes owning an iPhone much more affordable and that's why
millions of Apple fans are going to love it.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Nothing has changed - Chinese lawyer sues iPhone seller

LENGTH: 272  words


A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be misleading
statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s products.

Customers try out iPhone 6s smartphones at an Apple store in Xining city, South
China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, Sept 25,2015. [Photo/IC]

BEIJING - A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be
misleading statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s
products.

Lawyer He Ganlin from Guangzhou bought a 128 gigabyte iPhone 6s for 6,858 yuan
($1076) from the dealer, the Guangdong branch of China Mobile, after seeing an
advertisement declaring that, "The only thing that's changed is everything."

Online media outlet "The Paper" reported that after using his new gadget, He
found that "everything had not changed" as the advertisement claimed. Compared
with the iPhone 6, the 6s is almost identical in its appearance, nor has it
changed much in functionality, He said.

The lawyer also argues that the words "only" and "everything" contravene China's
new Advertising Law, which forbids definitive or absolute terms like "best",
"perfect" and "national level".

The lawyer is demanding compensation of 20,000 yuan, three times the price of
the phone, and according to the report, a court in Guangzhou has accepted the
case.

The defendant is yet to respond.

China is Apple's most successful market. During this year's Singles' Day online
shopping spree earlier this week, Chinese customers bought more than three
million smart-phones on Alibaba's Tmall platform.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/144739819796.jpg

b083fe955aa117afb9ed4a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Charity Mobile

                                P.O. Box 531640
                             Cincinnati,  OH 45253
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.charitymobile.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Charity Mobile currently offers new iPhone 5s, iPhone 6s, and iPhone 6s Plus
models, and can also provide talk, messaging, and data services for certain
versions of the following models:   â¢ iPhone 4 â¢ iPhone 4s â¢ iPhone 5 â¢
iPhone 5c â¢ iPhone 5s â¢ iPhone 6 â¢ iPhone 6 Plus â¢ iPhone 6s â¢ iPhone 6s
Plus   We are unable to provide services for the original iPhone, iPhone 3G, and
iPhone 3GS models at this time.  If you own an existing iPhone model, it may be
compatible with our service. To determine compatibility, please call us
toll-free at 1-877-474-3662, or e-mail us at support@charitymobile.com.  Click
here to return to the Support section.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone 6s, 6s plus to be launched on Nov 13

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Nov. 11 -- Apple iPhone 6s and 6s plus are coming to Pakistan on
November 13 with its official distributor, Future Tech.

Sale of the most advanced iPhone would commence on Friday, Nov 13 at Advance
Telecom retail outlets across Pakistan. Future Tech is planning to hold events
in three cities, at Dolmen Mall in Karachi, Fortress Stadium in Lahore and
Centaurus Mall in Islamabad. The distributor expects big turnover at the venues.

iPhone lovers are excited over the news that they would have an official Apple
presence in Pakistan, where sales and after sales services would also be
available. In addition to this, Future Tech is providing incentives to the first
500 customers on pre-booking and purchase through its 'buy one get one'
promotion.

The buyers would now have the official Apple warranty available in Pakistan
also, which was not

there before.

Apple iPhone 6s and 6s plus are now on sale via online pre-orders. Pre-book your
iPhone by logging on to the booking form available at Future Tech website.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      November 3, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

DailyObjects Unveils over 500 Designs for iPhone 6S & iPhone 6S Plus Cases

LENGTH: 136  words


Tuesday, November 03, 2015: India's largest seller of designer and customisable
smartphone cases, recently launched over 500 iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
designer cases. The cases were out for sale days before the iPhone models were
officially launched in India.

Along with India's largest range of designer cases, by over 55 global artists,
DailyObjects also offers user friendly tools for you to create your own design
for iPhone 6S andiPhone 6S Plus cases and customise them to create something
unique. Choose a beautiful template and personalise it, or start with a blank
canvas and add any your favourite photos and text. All cases are manufactured
using advanced, MT3 technology to provide durable and high quality products that
are backed by India's only lifetime warranty along with excellent customer
service.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Pricey iPhone SE a Forbidden Fruit?

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 698 words


Apple has sorely disappointed Indian fans by launching a 4-inch iPhone that so
clearly doesn't seem targeted at emerging markets. The new iPhone SE, starting
at $399 '27,500) in the US for the 16GB (.version, will be available in India
from April 8 at ' . 39,000 (about $600), Apple's distributors said, continuing
with its strategy of pricing launch models at a hefty premium in the country .

Grey market traders have natu

rally spotted an opportunity for arbitrage but they say the small iPhone with
high specs hasn't generated the usual interest. The

cost in India of the 64GB variant, which is priced in the US at $499 '34,000),
(.hasn't been announced. Distri

butors Redington and Beetel said pre-bookings will begin at midnight on March
29.

Indian retailers had been expecting much more aggressive pricing, pegging the
new iPhone at a starting level of around ' . 22,000, which could have made it a
volume grosser for the company, four industry executives said.

Some of the surprise over the SE's pricing may stem from Chief Executive Tim
Cook having recently said that India was one of Apple's key growth areas in the
next decade. The company is also seeking to set up its own retail stores in
India. Retailers aren't expecting blowout sales for the SE, recalling the
lukewarm reception for an earlier variant.

"iPhone SE may go down the same way as the earlier iPhone 5c model, which was a
big flop in several countries including India due to incorrect pricing
strategy," said the chief executive of a leading cellphone retail chain. "An
iPhone launch always brings in customers enquiring about pre-bookings, but this
time it has been a dull show."

On the other hand, Apple might adopt a tack it has followed before -cutting
prices sometime after the launch to prop up sales.

Gartner Research Director Vishal Tripathi expects this to happen

because 4.7-inch iPhones are available for just a little more. "The latest
iPhone 6s is available at a market price of '. 43,000-44,000, which is larger
than SE in screen size and has competitive features," he said.

The 4-inch, 16GB 5S is available for around ' . 18,000 online while the iPhone 6
is available for ' . 36,000.The trade feels Apple will have to either drop
prices shortly after launch or offer aggressive buyback schemes if it wants the
SE to catch on.

Apple had priced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' . 14,000-16,000 more in India
when they were launched in October than in the US and elsewhere, leading to
lacklustre initial demand. The company then announced buyback schemes and a
series of price drops to encourage buyers. That helped Apple contest Samsung for
leadership of the premium segment slot -handsets priced over '. 30,000 -and
toppling it by some measures, as reported by ET on February 20. Apple currently
has around 2% share of the Indian smartphone market.

A grey market seller in Kolkata's Air-conditioned Market said enquiries for
bookings had been low compared with those for the 6s and 6s Plus in
September-October. The grey market price of the SE will

. 32,000-34,000, he said.start at ' A trader at Mumbai's Heera Panna also said
that demand had been higher for the 6s and 6s Plus.

"The launch phase too is much shorter this time, but probably the lower price of
iPhone 6s online has dampened demand, making iPhone SE appeal to only loyalists
and a smaller section of consumers who prefer smaller screens," he said.

He's referring to the gap between sales starting in the US (on March 31) and in
India being the shortest ever. Samsung did the same with its flagship Galaxy S7
and S7 Edge earlier this month, shortening the time between announcement and
introduction in the Indian market, a reflection of how critical the mar ket is
for phone makers.

Apple's pricing may be aimed at ensuring a gap between used phones and new ones
in developed mar kets, said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak.

"I think Apple wants to create breathing space between the refurbished category
and their entry-level offering as they may phase out the iPhone 5S soon," he
said.

"It may work in matured, prepaid markets like the US, Europe, where the Apple
iPhone installed base is high and niche of 4-inch users runs into millions."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Bigger iPad announced at Apple 'monster' event

LENGTH: 359  words


The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.

The new Apple iPad Pro is displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPad Pro and keyboard are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple Pencil is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPad Pro's accessory pricing during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPhone 6s release date during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A new Apple iPhone 6S and Apple Watch in the new matching rose gold color are
displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple TV is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Eddie Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services,
discusses Apple TV pricing during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the live photo capability for new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/144184997603.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b10fa02.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/11/144184997709.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b110503.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/144184997809.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b113805.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/39/144184997903.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b111f04.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                               September 10, 2015
                                 First Edition

Big Apple: tech giant stages its largest launch;
TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: Andrew Griffin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 313 words


Apple launched a huge range of new computing products at perhaps the biggest
event in the tech giant's history yesterday, including one that its late founder
swore that it would never release.

"If you see a stylus, they blew it," Steve Jobs said when he launched the first
iPhone in 2007. Last night, Apple launched its Pencil - a new product that looks
a lot like a stylus.

The Pencil was launched as a way of interacting with the iPad Pro, the company's
huge new businessfocused tablet. As well as the new iPad, Apple showed off the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, a new Apple TV and new accessories for the Apple Watch.

The pitch for the iPad Pro relied largely on the success of the existing iPads,
the look of which has been heavily borrowed in the new iPad Pro. But the new
screen is much bigger - at 12.9in, it is the same size as Apple's MacBooks and
almost twice the size of its smaller iPads.

Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive officer, said the Pro was the "biggest news in
iPad since the iPad" and the company's vision for the future of personal
computing. Prices were announced as starting at $799 (£520).

On-stage demonstrations used the extra screen space of the iPad Pro to show apps
including those for retouching photos and examining the human body. On the
latter, a person was shown using the Apple Pencil to remove and add bits of
muscle and bone from a virtual human body, using an app that is intended for
medical students.

Apple opted to leave the latest upfate to its most popular product - the iPhone
6S - until the end. The phone looks almost identical on the outside to the old
version, apart from a new "rose gold" colour option.

Prices for the iPhone 6S start at £539, or £619 for the iPhone 6S Plus.

Customers will able to pre-order the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus from 8.01am on
Saturday, and they will be in stores from 25 September in 12 countries including
the UK.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Apple's newest phones expected to set worldwide sales records

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 367 words


APPLE'S new iPhone models are set to become the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time after the company said it was on track to exceed last year's
recordbreaking opening weekend.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10m unit first-weekend record when the new
iPhones go on sale [on] September 25," Apple said. "Customer response to iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this weekend
were very strong around the world."

Pre-orders of the next generation of iPhone opened on Saturday after Apple
unveiled the new devices last week, and many models are already sold out in
certain parts of the world, with consumers already facing weeks of delays for
online orders to be dispatched.

Last year's iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time, selling 4m units in their first 24 hours. In the UK, new orders of the
iPhone 6s Plus - the larger of the two models Apple unveiled last week - are not
expected to be released for up to four weeks. In China, the world's biggest
smartphone market and a key target for Apple, all models of the new handset face
a backlog of at least two weeks. This is the first time Apple is taking
pre-orders in China at the same time as the rest of its major markets.

Shares opened 2.3pc higher on Monday in response to the positive news.

The smaller model, the iPhone 6s, is still listed as being available from
September 25, the official date that the new iPhones go on sale. That is except
for the new "rose gold" model, new orders of which will be dispatched in up to
three weeks. Apple introduced the pink-ish hue for the first time this year, in
what is seen as an attempt to appeal to customers in China.

"While there are still unknowns about inventory levels, we note that China
demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive sign
that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating despite
macro headwinds out of China," said Daniel Ives, technology specialist at US
investment bank FBR Capital.

Apple is launching iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 countries this year. That is
bigger than the iPhone 6 launch, which debuted in nine countries and did not
include China.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Demand for Apple's newest iPhones is expected to outstrip that of
previous models, such as the 4S, launched in the UK in 2011 (above)OLI
SCARFF/GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

An Apple in the stockings

LENGTH: 722  words


Greetings to all readers who celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah or any other
festival, including New year. When hunting for gifts, I try and make things easy
by selecting a few possibilities, thinking about it at home, then rushing to the
stores at the last minute.

I hope Santa will be bringing you Macs, iPads and iPhones this year. The Apple
Watch, with its colour choices and its large selection of bands may also be on
some lists. One of my students is keeping his fingers crossed that his mother
will surprise him with an Apple Watch Sport. Apple makes accessories for the
iPhones and iPads and I have been playing around with a selection of cases.

The iPad Pro, now promoted to my most-used device, has the Smart Keyboard, along
with the Apple Pencil. I also have a Smart Cover for the iPad Pro which acts as
a stand like the Smart Keyboard and puts the device to sleep when the cover is
closed. These come in charcoal grey or white and cost 2,800 baht.

A useful addition to the Smart Cover or the Smart Keyboard is a Silicone Case:
4,100 baht in charcoal grey or white. This protects the rear of the iPad Pro.

I do not often use cases for my iPhones partly because I do not like screen
protectors. None of the cases for the iPhones sold by Apple cover the screens
and the thinness of the silicone or leather used only has a slight effect on
button sensitivity. Pressing does however need to be firmly at the centre of a
button, rather than the ends.

I have cases for the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus in both materials. The
leather cases are priced at 2,100 baht and 2,200 baht respectively. Colours for
the leather cases are black, midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and
(Product) Red. The proceeds from the sale of any (Product) Red merchandise go to
support the elimination of HIV/Aids in Africa.

The silicone cases are 1,500 baht for the iPhone 6s and 1,700 baht for the
iPhone 6s Plus. The range of colours for the silicone cases is charcoal grey,
stone, antique white, blue, turquoise, white, lavender, pink, midnight blue and
(Product) Red.

The colours available may allow some mix and match with Apple Watch bands. These
cases also work with the older iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

There are several reasons I like the iPhone 6s Plus now that I am used to the
size, particularly video stabilisation and battery life. It is not unusual for
me to run this iPhone for a couple of days without it needing a charge. Of
course, if I have heavy usage on a busy day, which happens sometimes, it needs a
charge by late evening.

The iPhone 6s has about the same battery life as the model that it supersedes,
so by the end of the day I must connect it to the power adaptor. When I was on a
long trip last year with students, using the camera, video and accessing map
apps and GPS while we were travelling, the older iPhone 6 died on a couple of
occasions due to our isolated location.

While there are 3rd party solutions, Apple now has its own Smart Battery case
for the iPhone 6s (and iPhone 6). As soon as one of my students saw this, his
reaction was "1877 mAh": Electrical Engineering students think like that. Many
others have commented on the shape of the case, calling it a number of
uncomplimentary names, including "hump". Tim Cook says it is not a hump. Some
have questioned Apple's design philosophy over this and other accessories and
come to the usual conclusion that Apple is doomed. Again.

The iPhone slides into the case from the top and a Lightning connector is
inserted into the bottom of the iPhone. When the case is charged, the iPhone
always shows 100% and the battery life is extended considerably. Fully charged,
I used the iPhone for 48 hours. The Smart Case was empty but there was still a
charge of 40% remaining on the iPhone.

The devices can be charged together or separately. An indication of the charge
available for both devices appears on the screen when connected or disconnected.
The iPhone took about an hour to charge. The case took just over two hours. They
can be used as one unit, or the case can be used for standby. When used as one,
the silicone has a nice, "grippy" feel. That addition to the rear (the hump)
made a good place for me to rest my index finger when using the phone.

I also bought myself the new Lightning-to-SD card adaptor and reviewed this on
my own site at the weekend.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 6s is still faster than a Galaxy Note 7, despite the improvements

LENGTH: 320  words


Despite being announced last year, the iPhone 6s is still faster than the Galaxy
Note 7, which is regarded as the best Android phone to get right now

Perhaps the greatest Android smartphone of 2016 is undoubtedly Samsung's Galaxy
Note 7. Its combination of hardware and unique software features make it one of
the best phones to purchase right now, even though a large portion of your
savings are going to be removed after you end up purchasing it. However, if an
iPhone 6s was tested against a Galaxy Note 7, then you'd quickly change your
opinion on which phone is the fastest one out of them.

In a video test carried out courtesy of YouTube, the Galaxy Note 7 and iPhone 6s
both get taken for a nice little speed spin involving the number of applications
both smartphones can open in succession. Naturally, with the iPhone 6s' upgraded
processor and RAM count, not to mention the improved OS, the 4.7-inch smartphone
opens up apps much faster than a Galaxy Note 7. However, we did forget to
mention that the iPhone 6s features a much smaller resolution, as opposed to the
Galaxy Note 7's QHD display, which will definitely create a performance gap
between the two phones.

However, for a phone that is running 4GB of RAM and a powerful chipset such as
the Snapdragon 820, we were honestly expecting Samsung to gain the victory here.
If you're still discouraged to look at the Galaxy Note 7 as your next purchase,
then you'll definitely want to check out our Galaxy Note 7 review, and while
there aren't much differences between this smartphone and Galaxy S7 edge, the
improvements compared to those present in Galaxy Note 5 are quite extreme.

We are most impressed with the improvements that Samsung has introduced in its
UI, but there's going to be a long way to go before Android can count itself
being in the same league as Apple's iOS.

Read more:

Hands on with Samsung Galaxy Note 7
Galaxy Note 7 vs. Galaxy Note 5

Source

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Apple postpones iPhone 6s sale in Turkey after Ankara attack

LENGTH: 226  words


[#x130]STANBUL (C[#x130]HAN)- The iphone 6s will be on sale in Turkey on Oct.
23, a week later than the previously announced date, reportedly due to a bomb
attack in Ankara on Oct. 10 that killed 97 people.


Apple had previously said the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus would be available in
Turkey, India and Malaysia on Oct. 16. However, the release date has now been
changed to Oct. 23, according to the Apple Turkey website.
The postponement was due to the twin bomb attack in Ankara, a report on
appletoolbox.com website said on Wednesday, citing an emailed statement from an
Apple Turkey representative.
The representative was quoted by the website as saying, "We have decided to
postpone iPhone 6s sales due to the tragic attacks last weekend."
A twin bomb attack which had hit the Turkish capital Ankara on Oct. 10 killed 97
and injured more than 500 people. A three day mourning period was declared by
Turkish authorities after the attack, which is the deadliest in Turkey's
history.
Apple's CEO tim cook had said, "Prayers, condolences, and hope for all those
affected by the bombings in Turkey," on his Twitter account after the attack.
The iPhone 6S is expected to cost 3099 TL ($1052) for 16GB in Turkey, according
to the appletoolbox.com. Turkey stands out as the most expensive country to buy
an iPhone, data compiled by the website shows.

(Cihan/Today's Zaman) C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2015 Cihan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 220 words


New Zealand mobile operators Spark, Vodafone, and 2degrees are all offering the
new devices with a range of price plans with various limits and payment options.

Here is a selection.

VODAFONE

iPhone 6S

The 16GB model is available for free on the Vodafone Red+ plan for $129 per
month on a 24-month term and you get unlimited minutes and 7.5GB of data.

iPhone 6S Plus

The 16GB version will cost $199 on the Vodafone Red+ plan for $129 per month on
a 24-month term.

The cheapest plan costs $39 a month, with the 16GB phone costing $1299.

SPARK

iPhone 6S

The 16GB model is available for $199 on a $140 a month plan for a 24-month term.
This drops down to $100 a month (unlimited calls and 10GB of data) but the phone
costs $599.

iPhone 6S Plus

The larger iPhone costs $140 a month for the 16GB model with a upfront cost of
$399. That includes unlimited calls and 10GB of data.

2DEGREES

iPhone 6S

The cheapest plan is $39 a month (400 minutes, 1.5GB data) and you pay off the
phone at $49 a month interest free. The most expensive is $89 a month (unlimited
minutes, 8GB data)

iPhone 6S Plus

It works in a similar way for the larger phone except your monthly payment for
the phone is $58 on top of the monthly plan.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus will have to wait three to four weeks for
delivery

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

THE OPTIONS

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 220 words


New Zealand mobile operators Spark, Vodafone and 2degrees are all offering the
new devices with a range of price plans with various limits and payment options.

Here is a selection.

VODAFONE

iPhone 6S

The 16GB model is available for free on the Vodafone Red+ plan for $129 per
month on a 24-month term and you get unlimited minutes and 7.5GB of data.

iPhone 6S Plus

The 16GB version will cost $199 on the Vodafone Red+ plan for $129 per month on
a 24-month term.

The cheapest plan costs $39 a month, with the 16GB phone costing $1299.

SPARK

iPhone 6S

The 16GB model is available for $199 on a $140-a-month plan for a 24-month term.
This drops down to $100 a month (unlimited calls and 10GB of data) but the phone
costs $599.

iPhone 6S Plus

The larger iPhone costs $140 a month for the 16GB model with a upfront cost of
$399. That includes unlimited calls and 10GB of data.

2DEGREES

iPhone 6S

The cheapest plan is $39 a month (400 minutes, 1.5GB data) and you pay off the
phone at $49 a month interest free. The most expensive is $89 a month (unlimited
minutes, 8GB data)

iPhone 6S Plus

It works in a similar way for the larger phone except your monthly payment for
the phone is $58 on top of the monthly plan.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus will have to wait three to four weeks for
delivery.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday
                               HeraldSun Edition

Record tip on iPhone purchases

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 159  words


TECHNOLOGY ADVANCE orders for the -latest iPhone have been so strong that
technology giant Apple expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10
million phones in the first weekend of sales.

Apple began taking pre--orders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.
The new models, which go on sale on September 25, have more memory and faster
pro-cessors, along with a new 12-megapixel camera. The phones have not gone up
in price, but last year's -record-selling iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models will sell
for $140 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
Apple said.

"We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6s
Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when they open
next Friday."The iPhone is still Apple's most important product, making up
two-thirds of the company's sales.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

CNET reviews: Best camera phones of 2016;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 613 words


The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that much better.

The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's all-around phone to
beat.

The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an edge for serious
iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of people.

The iPhone 6S offers improved speed everywhere, better front and rear cameras
and a bold new 3D Touch pressure-sensitive display.

Smartphone cameras are becoming evermore skilled and sophisticated - and they
keep getting better. Here are the four best we've seen in recent months.

Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge

Product Review:
http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7-edge/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 5 stars out of 5 (Spectacular)

The good: The Galaxy S7 Edge has a gorgeous larger curved screen, has a great
camera and larger battery than the otherwise identical standard S7. It really is
something special. The extra navigation tools can be useful when used
judiciously.

The bad: When you pile on these extra navigation tools, they slow you down
rather than speed you up. It's pricier than other good phones.

The cost: $779.99 to $898.19

The bottom line: The gorgeous Galaxy S7 Edge makes the best Android phone that
much better.

Samsung Galaxy S7

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/samsung-galaxy-s7/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Polished design. Awesome camera. Long battery life. microSD storage
slot and water-resistant (again!).

The bad: Annoyingly reflective. Smudge magnet. Plastic-looking selfies even with
no filter. No removable battery, which isn't surprising, but is still a
compromise compared to 2014's S5.

The cost: $669.99 to $759.57

The bottom line: The fast, powerful, beautiful Galaxy S7 phone is 2016's
all-around phone to beat.

Apple iPhone 6S Plus

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s
-plus/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed, better cameras, always-on Siri, and pressure-sensitive
3D Touch display compared to last year's 6 Plus.

And it has slightly better battery life, a bigger higher resolution screen, and
optical image stabilization for photos and video that can make a difference.

The bad: It's really big. It costs more than the smaller iPhone. Other
phablet-sized phones offer longer battery life.

The cost: $789.00 to $1159.99

The bottom line: The iPhone 6S Plus has a few key advantages that give it an
edge for serious iPhone users, but its big body still may not fit for a lot of
people.

Apple iPhone 6S

Product Review: http://www.cnet.com/products/apple-iphone-6s/#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4.5 stars out of 5 (Outstanding)

The good: Improved speed everywhere (new processor, faster wireless, quicker
Touch ID sensor); a sturdier body; better front and rear cameras; a bold new 3D
Touch pressure-sensitive display that could end up being a really useful tool in
apps down the road, and which already offers new iOS shortcuts.

The bad: Same battery life as the iPhone 6. The 6S Plus model remains the only
way to get optical image stabilization for photos and video, plus better battery
life. You'll need to pay extra to vault past the too-small storage of the
entry-level 16GB version.

The cost: $449.99 (refurbished) to $889.99

The bottom line: The newest iPhones are top-to-bottom better phones with lots of
enhancements; iPhone 6 owners don't need the upgrade, but everyone else should
seriously consider it.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior EditorJessica
Dolcourt, Senior Editor Scott Stein and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more
reviews of personal technology products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Apple slashes price of 6S and 6S Plus by offering buybacks on its previous
phones;
If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 286  words


If you happen to own an iPhone 6 or select Samsung flagship phones, it's now
easier to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Less than a month since the launch of the latest iPhone, Apple India has made an
unprecedented decision to place a discount on the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in a
buyback offer. The offer gives consumers a discount up to Rs 34,000 to improve
sales, according to a report by The Times Of India.

The iPhone 6S and 6 Plus were launched recently for a price ranging between Rs
62,000 and Rs 92,000. Sales of the new phone were lower than expected, showing a
15-20 percent decrease over the previous year. Not to mention last year's
models--the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus--are cheaper by Rs 8,500-9000.

Ingram Micro, one of Apple's iPhone distributors, has just started the buyback
scheme in a couple of Apple stores in South India which will successively be
taken to a national level.

The buyback offer of Rs 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. Apple
India will also buyback selected hi-end Samsung handsets. Retailers can upload
details of the old handsets for the offer on a separate website made by Apple.

Since last week, the iPhones are being sold at a 7-11 percent discount on online
shopping sites like Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under a scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, said three senior
trade partners of Apple India.

The discounts are aimed at helping the company accelerate adoption of their new
phones, which is especially pertinent during the Diwali buying season.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The anatomy of the iPhone;
Oliver Smith explores the history of Apple's smartphone, the game-changing
innovations it introduced and what the new iPhone 6s means for the mobile
industry today.

BYLINE: Oliver Smith

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28,29

LENGTH: 1084 words


N FRIDAY the most valuable company in the world, Apple, will unleash its latest
salvo in the smartphone wars.

OThe iPhone 6s boasts innovative new features like 3D Touch and Live Photos
which promise to revolutionise mobile photography, change the very way we
interact with our smartphones, and keep Apple's competitors on their toes for
another year.

But to truly understand how important the iPhone 6s will be to the smartphone
market toda - a market Apple played no small part in creating - we first have to
look back on how the mobile landscape has transformed since 2007.

THE REVOLUTION IN YOUR POCKET In 2007 Nokia was the best-selling mobile phone
manufacturer in the world shipping 436m phones and in the UK the hottest mobiles
were BlackBerry's Pearl and the Motorola KRZR, a descendant of its super-thin
RAZR range.

Then the chief executive of a niche American computer company, best known for
disrupting the music industry with its popular range of MP3 players, revealed
his business had decided to take on the mobile industry. "This is a day I've
been looking forward to for two-and-a-half years. Every once in a while, a
revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Apple CEO Steve Jobs
explained on 9 January 2007, as he pulled the first iPhone out of his pocket.

Even today in our world of Uber and Snapchat, it's hard to fathom just how
crucial a moment it was.

"If we go back to 2007 when Steve Jobs walked out on stage, I don't think any of
us had even the vaguest idea of the kind of revolution we were about to enter,"
Shaun Collins, the founder and CEO of mobile industry analyst CCS Insight, told
City A.M.

DAWN OF THE APP ECONOMY While Jobs' comments might have seemed like hyperbole at
the time, today they appear prescient of what was to come.

The iPhone is heralded as the origin of the modern smartphone and, in the eight
years since, it has pushed the boundaries of what mobiles can do, in large part
due to something Jobs never even wanted on the iPhone, an App Store.

"The real sea-change brought about by the iPhone was when its App Store launched
in 2008. After the App Store the telephone part of a smartphone became secondary
and suddenly smartphones were all about media consumption," IHS senior mobile
analyst Daniel Gleeson told City A.M.

Indeed since 2008 Apple says over 100bn apps have been downloaded, making the
iPhone one of the most popular computing platforms in the world.

"The App Store wasn't just a watershed moment for the iPhone, it was a
breakthrough moment for the whole smartphone market in general," says Gleeson.

Driven by the popularity of the iPhone and mobile apps, smartphones, a category
of device that barely existed in 2004, when Kantar ComTech reported UK
smartphone ownership was a slim 1.6 per cent, have exploded in popularity.

Today over 70 per cent of us own a smartphone - the iPhone being one of the most
popular devices in Britain - and the overall number is rising rapidly.

Apps like WhatsApp and Instagram were key in the iPhone's early and continuing
success, however Apple now seems determined to push beyond just apps.

GOING BEYOND APPS In recent iPhones, features like Health, (a digital dashboard
of all your health data), Apple Pay (that lets you use your iPhone as a
contactless bank card) and HomeKit (which will let you control connected devices
around the home) are tying the iPhone deeper into our everyday lives.

"The iPhone has already swallowed the PDA, digital camera, video recorder and
now it's looking to integrate your bank card as well," says Gleeson. For example
with Apple Pay an iPhone can completely replace your bank card with a new
payments technology that is secured by your fingerprint and is even safer than
the cards it replaces.

"Apple Pay is one of those advances that's actually trying to resolve the
underlying problem of payment security through technology, rather than just
being a new means of payment," Trend Micro's global VP of security research Rik
Ferguson told City A.M. Innovations like Apple Pay, the App Store and Health
have all cemented the iPhone as the single most important digital device in our
lives.

But today Apple's rivals Google and Samsung have their own App Stores, payment
platforms and health capabilities, so the iPhone-maker must again push the
boundaries of what cutting-edge smartphones can do.

The iPhone 6s is Apple's plan to do just that.

REINVENTING THE WHEEL (AGAIN) While the first iPhone's huge (for its time)
3.5-inch touchscreen was revolutionary in 2007, today every smartphone on the
market has adopted similar touchscreen technology.

With iPhone 6s Apple is planning to leap ahead once again, making a dramatic
change to the way we actually operate our smartphones with a new feature called
3D Touch that brings pressure sensitivity to the iPhone's screen.

Now tapping on an app with different amounts of pressure might bring up new
actions or activate new shortcuts called Peek and Pop, both of which are
expected to change the way we use our smartphones and be a boon for
productivity.

With Peek you can now quickly look into emails or messages without actually
opening them just by using a light touch, and then Pop into the full content or
app by pressing a little harder.

"If we're honest it starts to address some of the user interface limitations
that we've seen on iOS up to now" says Collins, noting that this will cut down
on having to open and close apps all the time.

Another key feature is the upgraded camera on iPhone 6s which produces larger,
even more detailed photos and includes Live Photos, a feature that captures a
moment of video before and after every photo you take and could be the next
evolution of the humble photograph.

"In the world where the selfie and the snap have become the currency of the
internet, Apple is playing to that audience with high quality, innovative
features like Live Photos," says Collins, who expects Live Photos will quickly
become adopted by many.

In 2007 the original iPhone fundamentally changed the mobile landscape, a trick
Apple repeated in following years with its App Store, fingerprint-sending Touch
ID, Apple Pay and best-in-class camera.

On Friday we'll find out if, with 3D Touch and an improved camera with Live
Photos on its iPhone 6s, Apple still has the innovation needed to bring about a
smartphone revolution.

The signs look good.

£ Oliver Smith is a senior reporter at The Memo, an online technology
publication curious about the future.

The iPhone is heralded as the origin of the modern smartphone

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook unveils the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at an
event.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2015 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

New Apple leaks reveal that new iPhone 7 will be cheaper than iPhone 6S

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 3 -- According to Forbes, a Chinese website with a reliable
track record of Apple leak, has new information on the iPhone 7?s pricing in
China and Hong Kong.

Apparently, Apple will sell its usual three storage models of the iPhone 7 at
5,288 RMB, 6,088 RMB, and 7,088 RMB, and HK$5,588, HK$6,388, HK$7,388. These
prices are comparable to the price of the iPhone 6S.

It is in fact cheaper when you see that Apple has doubled the storage of all
three models. Whereas the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus came in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB
variants, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage.

If the leaks are true, then more consumers will go for the new phone than
choosing to buy a cheaper iPhone 6S.

Photo Credit : Shutterstock

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Early iPhone 6S users complaining about 'hot' Touch ID buttons

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 197  words


According to a 9to5Mac report, early owners of Apple's new iPhone 6S handset --
which was launched on September 25 -- have been reporting an issue with their
devices. The issue which early iPhone 6S users are complaining about is that the
Touch ID/Home button of the handset becomes too hot to touch.

In an apparent substantiation of the 9to5Mac report, early iPhone 6S users have
complained about the 'burning hot Touch ID buttons' of their handsets in their
recent posts on Apple's Support forums as well as on the Twitter microblogging
site.

In a description of the Touch ID buttons issue, several early iPhone 6S owners
have said in a thread on Apple's Support Communities that when the new iPhone is
turned on, the home screen appears black and the Touch ID/Home button feels
quite hot.

However, the problem of hot Touch ID button is apparently resolved after
resetting the handset by holding the Home and lock buttons for 10 seconds.

Apple has thus far offered no official comment on the 'hot Touch ID buttons'
issue reported by the early iPhone 6S owners, probably because such small issues
are generally reported in early production devices and are patched via software
updates.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Smaller queues for iPhone 6S launch

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 284 words


Thousands of Apple fans around the world camped out overnight to be among the
first to get their hands on the new iPhone 6S range.

However, some queues were notably smaller than last year, with an estimated 400
people in London compared with 1,000 last year.

Apple expects its first-weekend sales of the phones to exceed last year's debut
of 10m units on the back of "very strong" preorders, while some analysts predict
that it could sell as many as 12 million by tomorrow. "Customer response to
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this
weekend were very strong around the world," a spokesperson for Apple said.

Apple has declined to state exactly how many preorders it has received, however.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature a "3D Touch" screen, upgraded camera and
faster processor. The product launched yesterday in Australia, Canada, China,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK
and the US.

But some investors are concerned that Apple might struggle to increase its sales
after a bumper year. Shares in the group fell nearly 22 per cent between
mid-July and late August over worries about the iPhone's growth outlook amid
economic uncertainty in China.

Daniel Ives, analyst at FBR, said Wall Street was looking for sales of 12
million units.

The iPhone's strong momentum in the past year has increased its share of the
market, squeezing out smaller players such as BlackBerry and Windows Phone.

Analyst group eMarketer estimates that 43 per cent of smartphones sold in the US
will be iPhones this year, up from 40 per cent in 2013, while in the UK Apple
has 32 per cent of the market. - Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                               HeraldSun Edition

APPLE TAKES ON TV

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER TECHNOLOGY REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 464  words


APPLE yesterday promised a day of "monster" announcements and delivered, with a
giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new -iPhones that are smarter,
faster and tougher than ever.

In one of its biggest days of hardware announcements in recent years, Apple CEO
Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad Pro and a revamped
Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to grab a slice of the
$48.5 billion games market.

In what is likely the last Apple event in a year that began with the Apple
Watch, the launch of two new iPhones also got lost in announcements led by
Apple's promise to bring "innovation" to TVs through a TV app store.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the outside, with a 4.7-inch screen
for the 6S and a 5.5-inch screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the bonnet the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass to avoid the problems of Bendgate in which some
people reported bending their iPhone 6 Plus smartphones.

The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of the
phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12-megapixel
camera, a big jump from the 8-megapixel camera in the iPhone 6. Selfie fans will
appreciate an upgrade to the front-facing camera to 5 megapixels plus the
ability to use the glow of the touchscreen as a front-facing flash.

Apple made a push into productivity yesterday with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet
that lets you view apps side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes is a step
towards reviving a stagnate tablet market.

Potentially the biggest announcement of the event was the launch of a new Apple
TV, with an app store that will allow third-party app makers to transfer popular
games, news, entertainment and lifestyle apps from mobile devices to television
screens.

rod.chester@news.com.au CHANGING THE GAME, PAGE 34 ROD CHESTER TRAVELLED TO SAN
FRANCISCO AS A GUEST OF APPLE

iPad The iPad Pro has a 12.9-inch screen with 5.6 million pixels. It can run two
apps in full side by side, has a 10-hour battery life and is about the weight of
the original 9.7-inch iPad. Accessories include the Smart Keyboard and Pencil.
It will be available in November with prices to be announced.

iPhone The iPhone 6S ($1079-$1370) and iPhone 6S Plus ($1229 to $1529) go on
preorder tomorrow and will be available on 25 September. Features include 3D
Touch, a 12-megapixel camera, ability to shoot 4K video, and a tougher body.

Apple TVApple TV updates the older Apple TV box with a box that looks just a bit
bigger. Inside it's a lot smarter, with Siri for voice control, a smart remote
with a built-in accelerometer and gyroscope for gameplay and it will come with
an app store. Pricing and availability to be announced.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Priced at Rs 39,000, new iPhone SE disappoints Indian fans

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 709 words


KOLKATA | NEW DELHI: Apple has sorely disappointed Indian fans by launching a
4-inch iPhone that so clearly doesn't seem targeted at emerging markets. The new
iPhone SE, starting at $399 (Rs 27,500) in the US for the 16GB version, will be
available in India from April 8 at Rs 39,000 (about $600), Apple's distributors
said, continuing with its strategy of pricing launch models at a hefty premium
in the country.

Grey market traders have naturally spotted an opportunity for arbitrage but they
say the small iPhone with high specs hasn't generated the usual interest. The
cost in India of the 64GB variant, which is priced in the US at $499 (Rs
34,000), hasn't been announced. Distributors Redington and Beetel said
pre-bookings will begin at midnight on March 29.

Indian retailers had been expecting much more aggressive pricing, pegging the
new iPhone at a starting level of around .`22,000, which could have made it a
volume grosser for the company, four industry executives said. Some of the
surprise over the SE's pricing may stem from Chief Executive Tim Cook having
recently said that India was one of Apple's key growth areas in the next decade.

The company is also seeking to set up its own retail stores in India. Retailers
aren't expecting blowout sales for the SE, recalling the lukewarm reception for
an earlier variant. "iPhone SE may go down the same way as the earlier iPhone 5c
model, which was a big flop in several countries including India due to
incorrect pricing strategy," said the chief executive of a leading cellphone
retail chain.

"An iPhone launch always brings in customers enquiring about pre-bookings, but
this time it has been a dull show." On the other hand, Apple might adopt a tack
it has followed before - cutting prices sometime after the launch to prop up
sales. Gartner Research Director Vishal Tripathi expects this to happen because
4.7-inch iPhones are available for just a little more.

"The latest iPhone 6s is available at a market price of Rs 43,000-44,000, which
is larger than SE in screen size and has competitive features," he said. The
4-inch, 16GB 5S is available for around Rs 18,000 online while the iPhone 6 is
available for Rs 36,000. The trade feels Apple will have to either drop prices
shortly after launch or offer aggressive buyback schemes if it wants the SE to
catch on.

Apple had priced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 14,000-16,000 more in India
when they were launched in October than in the US and elsewhere, leading to
lacklustre initial demand. The company then announced buyback schemes and a
series of price drops to encourage buyers.

That helped Apple contest Samsung for leadership of the premium segment slot -
handsets priced over Rs 30,000 - and toppling it by some measures, as reported
by ET on February 20. Apple currently has around 2% share of the Indian
smartphone market. A grey market seller in Kolkata's Air-conditioned Market said
enquiries for bookings had been low compared with those for the 6s and 6s Plus
in September-October.

The grey market price of the SE will start at Rs 32,000-34,000, he said. A
trader at Mumbai's Heera Panna also said that demand had been higher for the 6s
and 6s Plus.

"The launch phase too is much shorter this time, but probably the lower price of
iPhone 6s online has dampened demand, making iPhone SE appeal to only loyalists
and a smaller section of consumers who prefer smaller screens," he said. He's
referring to the gap between sales starting in the US (on March 31) and in India
being the shortest ever. Samsung did the same with its flagship Galaxy S7 and S7
Edge earlier this month, shortening the time between announcement and
introduction in the Indian market, a reflection of how critical the market is
for phone makers.

Apple's pricing may be aimed at ensuring a gap between used phones and new ones
in developed markets, said Counterpoint Research Senior Analyst Tarun Pathak. "I
think Apple wants to create breathing space between the refurbished category and
their entry-level offering as they may phase out the iPhone 5S soon," he said.
"It may work in matured, prepaid markets like the US, Europe, where the Apple
iPhone installed base is high and niche of 4-inch users runs into millions."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus to cost much higher in India

LENGTH: 155 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 9 -- Apple's much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs.
62,000 for the lowest storage variant and as much as Rs. 92,000 for the top end
model, distributors said. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Since its launch on September 25, the phone has been available on websites such
as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart at fair prices. According to sources, the
16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold for Rs. 62,000,
Rs. 72,000 and Rs. 82,000 respectively and similar versions of the 6s Plus will
cost Rs. 72,000, Rs. 82,000 and Rs. 92,000.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from News Point. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2015 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

New iPhones set to break records

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 193 words


SALES of Apple's new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million units the
previous versions logged in their first weekend last year, the company said
yesterday, sending its shares up nearly 2 percent. Apple did not disclose the
specific number of advance orders it received. Analysts had expected about 4.5
million for the first 24 hours, compared with 4 million during the first day
last year. The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone
6S Plus, the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the
pre-order period. "Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been
extremely positive, and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the
world," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. Apple began taking pre-orders on
Saturday for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which will begin shipping on
September 25. After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6, Apple
has been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus touched off a sales frenzy that led to a 32.5
percent revenue rise in the latest quarter from a year earlier. - Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

POINT, APPLE $99 'pencil' is the hot new item

BYLINE: BY MEG WAGNER and LEONARD GREENE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With News Wire
Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 371 words


A PENCIL?

Apple's gadget gurus reinvented one of the world's oldest writing instruments as
part of the company's new-and-improved product rollout Wednesday that included a
smarter smartphone and the biggest iPad ever.

Dubbed the Apple Pencil, the new $99 stylus was designed for drawing and taking
notes on the new iPad Pro, a titanic tablet that boasts a massive 12.9-inch
screen. The current iPad comes in at just 9.7 inches.

The supersized tablet, which starts at $799, runs with "desktop-class
performance," Apple marketing exec Phil Schiller said.

It will have four speakers and the option for a $169 physical keyboard, which
enables it to run like a laptop.

Front and center at San Francisco's Bill Graham Civic Auditorium were Apple's
new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, with front-facing camera flash for better-lit
selfies.

Both new iPhones come with 3D Touch, pressure-sensitive technology that allows
the screen to distinguish between a light tap and a hard press.

The phones will also feature a faster Touch ID sensor, so users can unlock their
phones with their fingerprints almost instantly.

The 6s and the 6s Plus will also be available in a new hue, rose gold.

Apple lovers can pre-order the new phones starting Saturday. The iPhones -
which, with a two-year service contract, will cost between $199 and $499
depending on size and memory - will begin to ship Sept. 25.

Apple also showed off its new Apple TV, which comes with a voice-activated,
touch-surface remote.

Built-in Siri, Apple's personal assistant, will help users find movies and
shows, and allows them to ask questions during the screening. Ask Siri "What did
she say?" and the TV will jump back 15 seconds and turn on captions. Request
sports scores and Siri will display them at the bottom of the screen while the
show plays.

Consumer phone expert John Oldshue, founder and editor of Saveonphone.com, said
he was not impressed with the bells or the whistles.

"They're kind of running out of things to do," Oldshue said.

Graphic: WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT THE SUPERSIDE iPAD PRO

* Four speakers

* Can last 10 hours on a single charge

* Starting price $799

* Option for added $169 physical keyboard

* Option for $99 stylus "pencil" for drawing and taking notes

Source: Apple

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, Apple's iPad tablet line now ranges from Mini to
the new 12.9-inch Pro. iPhone 6s and iPhones 6s Plus; iPad Pro; New Apple Watch
cases; Apple Watch Hermes; Smart keyboard; Apple Pencilf APPLE; REUTERS; AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Apple's newest iPhone packs more in less space

BYLINE: By Jonathan Takiff; Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 656 words


Serving up more features in smaller packages was the major theme at Apple's
media event Monday, as the company ushered in a downsized four-inch iPhone SE
and a refreshed 9.7 inch iPad Air called the iPad Pro - with both products
borrowing tricks from their bigger sisters.

Unlike Samsung, which sells a ton of big-screen "phablet" phones, Apple has seen
its 6 series iPhone sales be far stronger in the smaller-screened, 4.7-inch 6S
model than in the 5.5-inch 6S Plus.

Consumer Intelligence Research Partners suggests the smaller iPhone 6S made up
48 percent of all U.S. iPhone sales during Apple's fiscal first quarter this
year, while the iPhone 6S Plus accounted for 19 percent.

So if the customer base prefers petite, maybe it will buy into iPhone SE's even
smaller dimensions and upscale features, including the advanced A9 processor and
12-megapixel rear camera of the 6S.

If you're a big picture-taker, this will really improve your game. You might
never need another camera again.

SE also boasts hand-me-downs including a Touch ID fingerprint sensor and NFC
(near field communications) connectivity for use with Apple Pay. But the
newbie's screen won't do those 6S "3D Touch" tricks if you keep pressing down on
it.

Pricing will be a little lower, too, though hardly rock-bottom, to compete
better with the Chinese Android smartphone upstarts (Huawei, Xiaomi) now eating
Apple's and Samsung's lunch in developing countries.

An SE will start for $399 or about $17 a month as a line item on a two-year
payment plan, the options consumers are now getting from most providers when
they opt for a phone upgrade.

Padding out the line. Drawing from the 12.9-inch iPad Pro model introduced last
year, the new 9.7-inch tablet also comes with an Apple Pencil stylus - beloved
by artists - and side connector for attaching a keyboard case, making it more
business-friendly, like the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 transformable that has been
winning renewed support for Windows OS.

Also like the big iPad Pro, the newbie hosts four speakers for real stereo sound
when in either horizontal or vertical configuration. It offers Siri voice
control, and has a faster processor and a larger internal storage capacity -
maxing out at 256GB, a first for any iPad - but you must pay $899 for the top
model. (The 32GB version is $599, the 128GB model is $749. All will be in stores
March 31.)

The 9.7-inch Pro surpasses its close relation with a 12-megapixel rear camera
and 5-megapixel camera for FaceTime calls (up from 8/1.2Mp). The new model
boasts a significantly improved screen that goes brighter ("500 nits") and has
wider color gamut - akin to the newest big screen TVs.

Also, the iPad Pro screen makes automatic adjustments of color relative to
ambient light ("True Tone display") and has a "night shift" mode that reduces
blue wavelengths to ready you for sleeping (a feature seen in Kindle Fires,
too).

While still lacking Surface Pro 4 niceties such as a slot for a microSD memory
card and a USB 3.0 input, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro lets users plug in an extra-cost
SD card reader or USB camera adapter.

On the Apple Watch front, the big news was a $50 price cut to $299 for the
starter Sport model, plus more band colors and new woven bands. Gee whiz.

And product owners can benefit from the latest software update available today -
iOS 9.3.

Early on in the hype fest, Apple CEO Tim Cook touted the maker's 40th birthday
on April 1, introduced a new "CareKit" program to help consumers manage their
health care, and hailed Apple's commitment to 100 percent renewable energy
operations, already reached in the United States and China.

Cook also reiterated Apple's commitment to protecting "your data and privacy"
against governmental pressures to crack the security codes, a stance he said has
been met by an "outpouring of support" from customers: "We will not shrink from
our responsibility."

takiffj@phillynews.com

215-854-5960 @JTakiff

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple to launch 3 iPhone 6S in 2015, one of these could be iPhone 6S mini

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

APPLE iPHONE SE: Looks small, lives large

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Apple iPhone SE was supposed to be the big price play from Apple. But Apple
held on to its price, at least in markets like India, with this new small phone.
However, it is still a phone with a unique selling proposition, thanks to its
now rare form factor. Can the 4-inch frame be the one thing that endures this
new phone to the world?

The SE in iPhone SE is supposed to stand for special edition. That it is in more
ways than one-it brings back to vogue the 4-inch screen which we all thought we
had moved on from and it puts into this tiny frame specs similar to a top-end
device, another rarity these days. Despite all that this is still a phone that
looks a bit like another that was sold a couple of years back. The iPhone 5S, at
least it's looks, sure gets a new lease of life with the SE.

What is good?

The best feature of this phone has to be its size. There are lots of people who
struggle with large phones and find no viable alternative given that smaller
phones are now becoming really rare. The 4-inch frame of the iPhone SE will
endear this phone to lots of people with small hands and tiny fingers. This is
for people who want something handy, and I am sure there are quite a few of this
target audience around the world.

But does small mean weak? No. And that is the beauty of the iPhone SE. It is in
no way an underwhelming smartphone. Moving from an iPhone 6s Plus to this
smaller phone, I was in no way struggling for power. Given that this was a brand
new phone, there were times when the phone actually felt faster and smoother
than the six-month-old 6s Plus. The phone works well in all conditions.

The phone has a pretty neat camera. If you compare it to the iPhone 6s series,
the SE might not be that good with low-light. But it has a very good camera that
gives you crisp, sharp and very iPhone-like photos. Plus, this phone comes with
Live photo option too though there is no 3D Touch. The phone does everything
that the 6s does right from 4K video to timelapse and does it well.

The iPhone offers pretty decent battery life. It is by no means great, but will
last you about 12 hours on Delhi's patchy networks with LTE. With the battery
save mode there could be a couple more hours you could add to the day.

What is not that good?

Strangely, the biggest issue with the phone is also its biggest strength: the
size. The 4-inch screen is a tough cookie for anyone who has been exposed to a
larger screen. Switching from the iPhone 6s Plus, initially I struggled to even
add my passwords. In a couple of days I was more comfortable, but still aching
for more screen space. This is ideally for those buying their first smartphone
or for those upgrading from an iPhone 4 for 5.

Unlike the iPhone 6s series, the SE does heat up a bit when the 4k video is
recording. The warming up starts after around two minutes. I got the feeling at
times that the fingerprint scanner was a micro-second slower than the one of the
6s Plus. This could be because Apple is using a slightly different hardware for
the Touch ID on the new phone.

Should you buy?

Yes, if you are looking for a phone that fits in your hands and it is handy at
all times. The phone is in no way underwhelming, despite its smaller size and
that is the best bit about the SE. It would have been great if Apple had kept
the pricing a bit more aggressive on this phone, making it compellingly better
than the iPhone 6 in a market like India. If you are looking for the best priced
iPhone, the SE is not really there with the iPhone 6 available for a bit cheaper
online.

Now, your need to buy has a smaller phone has to be strong enough for you to pay
premium.

Estimated street price: R39,000+

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

What will Apple's next iPhone look like?

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 384 words


Apple looks set to reveal the latest version of its flagship smartphone
Wednesday, September 9 in San Francisco: however many specialized high-tech
sites are claiming that the device's main characteristics have already leaked on
the internet.

The iPhone 6s, relatively familiar

Despite being equipped with an A9 chip, a new and stronger processor, the new
Apple smartphone would remain very similar to its predecessor. Visually, the 6s
will likely look identical to the iPhone 6, with the addition of a 4.7-inch
Force Touch technology touch screen, used on the latest MacBook and Apple Watch.
Force Touch technology allows the screen to detect subtle differences in the
amount of pressure you apply, making it possible to perform a variety of
different functions.

The most exciting modification however, could be found in the iPhone's camera
functions. Equipped with a flash-function FaceTime camera, the 6s can record
1080p video in panorama mode and in slow motion, up to 240 images per second.
The main camera sensor (iSight) will be updated from 8 megapixels to 12
megapixels and offer greater luminosity in dark environments or night shots, an
ongoing iPhone weak spot. Some rumors even suggest the possibility of filming in
4K.

The new smartphone will operate under iOS 9, introduced last spring and that
includes an updated version of Siri, a new information app, new functions for
the Plans and Note apps, optimized battery life and a potential ad-block
download.

Following Apple iPhone logic, the iPhone 6s will most likely be available in an
iPhone 6s Plus version with a 5.5-inch screen and should be put to market soon
after the smartphones launch, probably from September 18.

Any updates on the iPad, MacBook Air or AppleTV?

Apple's keynote announcement may also be the occasion for the brand to reveal
other news and updates regarding a new iPad or even an "iPad Pro". Whether or
not these will be presented along with the iPhone 6s, Apple's next tablets will
be able to display two applications side by side thanks to iOS 9.

As in previous years, the keynote announcement can be watched live online. For
the very first time, it can also be viewed from Window 10 computers via the
browser Microsoft Edge.

To follow the keynote announcement live September 9 go to:
apple.com/apple-events/september-2015

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6 is available for Rs 24,999 on Flipkart app: Here's how

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 303  words


Apple's iPhone 6 is now available for lowest price of Rs 24,999 from Flipkart
app under exchange

Apple's latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus go on sale tonight. Both the devices
come with few hardware upgrades and 3D Touch display which offers an all new
Peek and Pop gestures. Apple's latest iPhone 6s starts at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB
version while the top-end 128GB iPhone 6s Plus will cost Rs 92,000.

While Apple has priced its latest iPhones on the far higher side of price
spectrum, most online retailers have already started offering attractive
discounts on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Can't afford an iPhone 6s? Well here are the top deals on Apple iPhone 6:

You can get an Apple iPhone 6 for as low as Rs 24,999 from Flipkart app under
exchange. Flipkart is offering a minimum discount of Rs 500 and maximum discount
is Rs 15,000 after exchange. You can avail up to Rs 15,000 discount on exchange
of Google (http://indianexpress.com/tag/google/) Nexus 6, Motorola Turbo, Galaxy
Note 4 which brings the effective price on 16GB iPhone 6 down to Rs 24,999 on
the app.

Amazon India is offering the biggest discount on Apple iPhone 6
(http://www.amazon.in/Apple-iPhone
-6-Gold-16GB/dp/B00O4WTN9E/ref=sr_1_1?s=electronics&ie=UTF8&qid=1444911622&sr=1-
1&keywords=iPhone+6) without exchange. The 16GB iPhone 6 is now available for Rs
36,999 but HDFC bank users can avail extra 15 percent cashback from the app and
10 percent from the site. The discount is available only for the Gold version of
Apple iPhone 6.

Amazon is offering iPhone 6 64GB and 128GB models at Rs 45,989 and Rs 61,814
respectively.

Like Amazon, Snapdeal is also offering 16GB iPhone 6 for Rs 36,999 but only Gold
version is available. Snapdeal lists both Space Grey and Silver models as
discontinued. Also Snapdeal is not offering the 128GB model of iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        May 18, 2015 Monday 12:27 PM EST

iPhone 6s release may come as early as August

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 372  words


Click for image

While the first few iterations of the iPhone were all released during the summer
months, the iPhone 4s completely turned Apple's iPhone release schedule on its
head. Due to various production problems that resulted in delays, the iPhone 4s
was released in October of 2011. Since then, Apple has adjusted its iPhone
release schedule accordingly, with each new iPhone models now debuting during
the fall.

But now we're hearing word that Apple's next-gen iPhone, prematurely dubbed the
iPhone 6s, might be released sometime in August. According to a recent report in
GforGames, which typically has a decent track record with respect to Apple
rumors, rumblings from Apple's supply chain suggests that Apple doesn't
anticipate any yield issues with its next-gen iPhone and may revert back to a
summer launch schedule.

According to a new report originating from Apple's supply chain, yield for
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus components is so good that it would allow Apple to bring
the release date for this year's iPhone lineup forward to August (from
September, like we've gotten used to).

The insiders who have provided this report are also claiming that Apple has
recently begun to massively increase component orders which, if true, is either
an indication that the company is indeed gearing up for an earlier release or
that it expects to set a new sales record.

This is certainly interesting, not to mention plausible given that the iPhone 6s
upgrade is largely expected to consist of under-the-hood type of upgrades. In
contrast, previous iPhone upgrades have centered on hardware changes that are
more susceptible to manufacturing issues. The iPhone 5, for instance, introduced
a bigger screen. With the iPhone 5s, Apple introduced Touch ID. And with the
iPhone 6 models, Apple introduced larger screens yet again.

The only looming issue here is whether or not Apple might rub some users the
wrong way by releasing a completely new device just 10 to 11 months after the
last model. But given the immense and ongoing demand for the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, something tells me that won't be much of an issue. Besides, it is 2015,
after all, and consumers should be more than aware by now that life in the tech
space moves extremely fast.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6S, 6S Plus India launch: Bookings miss target

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 714 words


KOLKATA: Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some
extent as bookings for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have fallen short of
expectations, said some of the company's trade partners. Against a bold target
of tripling pre-bookings for the devices, which will be available in India on
October 16, these have risen by just 10-15% compared with last year for the
previous models, the partners said. They said buyers expect lower prices online
once the phone becomes widely available.

Thanks to lower online prices, Apple's ambitious sales target for the new
generation of devices could still eventually be met. Earlier this year, Apple
had allowed its distributors to sell at the lowest price to the e-commerce
channel, leading to a surge in sales after having followed a conservative line
that meant all vendors had to hold their rates at the company-mandated level.

READ ALSO:

Adding to buyers' hesitation on pre-bookings is price. The entry model costs Rs
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch price, said the executives cited above.

"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a wait-and-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands. Leading
cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were forced to reach
out to customers for pre-bookings, unlike the previous year when demand
outstripped supply. The India experience thus far runs counter to the global
scenario - Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones with more
than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch. An executive at
a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been muted, largely
because of high prices.

READ ALSO:

Offering price protection

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'one-month price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid the difference. Others have
offered instant buyback at 50% of the price for older iPhone models. These
initiatives don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300
models amounting to Rs 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last year.
Expectation of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles
Executive Director K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobile's Managing Director Subhash Chandra
said pre-bookings of the latest iPhones were below expectations. "However,
consumers may want to see the models once they are launched and then may buy,"
he said. Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus at midnight on October 16
in India. The company has priced the 6S at Rs 62,000 (16GB),Rs 72,000 (64GB) and
Rs 82,000 (128GB) while the larger-screen 6S Plus will cost Rs 72,000 (16GB), Rs
82,000 (64GB) and Rs 92,000 (128GB).

Pre-bookings started at the beginning of the month. Telecom operators such as
Airtel and Vodafone have partnered Apple this year to offer pre-booking plans.
Apple hadn't responded to emailed queries at press time. Counterpoint Technology
Market Research senior analyst Tarun Pathak said the high price of the latest
iPhones has no doubt deterred consumers, but many are also waiting, since Diwali
is still a month away, holding out the prospect of better deals.

"A significant number of consumers can also buy last year's iPhone models, which
are now expected to get a price cut, and will be much lower than the current
models," Pathak said. "However, we expect a good October-December quarter for
Apple, since last year only 50% of Apple owners in India had bought the last
iPhone and hence others would certainly upgrade to one of the models this year."
According to Counterpoint, Apple sold 1.7 million iPhones in India between
October 2014 and September 2015, the company's financial year, compared with 1.1
million units in the year-earlier period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                               hyderabad Edition

Now, get Apple iPhone 6S and 6S plus online

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 191 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company . Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit

shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs 62,000 for the 16GB iPhone
6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While offline retailers ha

ve already started taking bookings for the launch, their online counterparts
have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch day , cashbacks,
assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S. "Within six months of
purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you 50% of its value and
40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP , strategic alliances,
Snapdeal.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 14, 2015 Monday 12:35 PM GMT

iPhone 6s price revealed - and it's bad news for cash-strapped British Apple
fans;
Find out which country's residents will have to pay the most for Apple's
must-have mobile phone

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 249 words


The UK has been named as one of the most expensive places to buy the upcoming
Apple iPhone 6S, which was announced at a glittering event last week.

Rip-off Britain has been placed near the very top of a global price list, with
only France and Germany facing higher prices.

This shocking map shows Americans have access to the cheapest iPhones and will
fork out just $649 for a basic 6S with 16gb of memory.

The same phone will cost Brits $832.73, German people will pay $835.24 and their
French neighbours will have to shell out $846.54.

However, the price of the iPhone has remained stable in the UK, whilst it has
shot up in European nations due to the poor performance of the euro over the
past year.

If you're looking to fly over to America to buy a new phone, you should probably
heed these sage words of wisdom.

Anyone picking up an iPhone in North America may have to pay additional local
sales taxes, as well as VAT when they arrive back on British shores - as long as
you declare it when you get into the country.

In Britain, the 16GB SIM-free version of the iPhone 6s will set you back £539.
The SIM-free 64GB version costs £619 while the SIM-free 128GB is a whopping
£699.

That increases if you decide to go for the larger iPhone 6s Plus, which starts
with a SIM-free price of £619 for the 16GB version.

The SIM-free 64GB model is £699 and the top-tier SIM-free 128GB iPhone 6s Plus
costs £789.

Apple's new smartphone will be released on September 25 and are currently
available for pre-order.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

iPhone Launch a Much Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 502 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as partners,
pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a blockbuster and
build on the record 1.7 million unit sales it posted in its last fiscal year in
the world's fastest growing market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant has begun forging
partnerships with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October
16, compared to previous instances when operator plans have come out months
later. The tie-ups, as well the move to start selling in India much earlier that
it usually does after a global launch, underscores the growing importance of a
smartphone market which is set to overtake the US as the world's second largest
by 2017.

According to sources aware of the tieups, both telcos will offer Apple's new
devices on their retail counters and could offer deals such as EMI schemes and
possibly data bundling. The iconic smartphone maker is looking to rapidly add to
the 1.7 million units it sold in its financial year which ended September 2015,
according to Counterpoint Research data. This meant a sharp 55% jump from the
nearly 1.1 million devices it sold in its previous fiscal year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16, 2015," a Vodafone India spokesperson said
and added that customers can pre-register iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning
October 9 on the company's website.

After pre-registration, custom

ers would become eligible for buying the phones through an ecommerce partner or
at Vodafone's retail outlets, depending on the customer's choice, sources added.

Customers buying at retail outlets are likely to be offered data and voice
plans, which can be with or without monthly installments, a second person said.
Vodafone India, however, did not share details on iPhone plans for customers.

The telco had in January announced a tie-up in January this year, around two
months after the then Apple flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in
October 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on installments for iPhone
4s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s and well as the then latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Bharti Airtel, on its part, is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be
finalized shortly , a company official said.

The country's largest telco which is heavily advertising its 4G services in
India, "would want to offer the 4G (high-speed broadband services) on iPhone6s
and iPhone 6s Plus," the company official added, indicating 4G data schemes
could be offered as part of a bundling package.

"Apart from this we can also expect plans related to device upgrade at the end
of 12 months cycle, as now we have significant user base of Apple in India who
is willing to shift to new iPhones year after year," said Tarun Pathak, senior
analyst at Hong Kong based Counterpoint Research told ET.

Analysts say last year was by far the strongest performance of Apple in India
yet.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

SECTION: PHOTOS

LENGTH: 58 words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre-ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre-order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple celebrates 40 by bringing out new products with old design;
The iPhone SE draws on the iPhone 5 and 5s and the iPad Pro 9.7 inch mixes older
iPad size with newer Pro design

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1060 words


Apple has hit a milestone: the big 4-0. And in traditional style, it celebrated
with a bit of a party, in the form of the launch of the new iPhone SE and the
9.7 inch iPad Pro.

Neither of the products, however, can be described as a massive change in image.
The iPhone SE draws heavily on the iPhone 5 and 5s, and the iPad Pro 9.7 inch
mixes the older iPad size with the design and spec from the newer Pro device.

But does Apple really need a massive shift in direction at this point? It has
found something that works, and then identified gaps in the market where it
could potentially sell a few million more devcies.

Apple was under pressure to go bigger: bigger phones, bigger tablets. Now, it
could be argued, the company has taken a step back to where it was more
comfortable.

iPhone SE Homage to a classic or a lack of imagination? The jury is still out on
whether the iPhone SE represents a backwards move for Apple and its products.
But with millions of "phablet" hold outs to satisfy, you can hardly blame the
company for harkening back to a tried-and-tested design instead of trying to
reinvent their smartphone yet again.

Put your iPhone SE on a table and you'd be hard pressed to tell the difference
between it and the iPhone 5S. The body is essentially the same, ditching the
slimmer lines of the iPhone 6s and shrinking that screen back to the four inches
that apparently 30million iPhone users would prefer. There are slight
differences - the chamfered edges on the SE are the same colour as the phone's
body, the Apple logo on the back is the same as the iPhone 6s - but nothing that
screams "new iPhone" in the way that the design difference between the iPhone 5S
and the 6 did.

On the inside, however, it's a different story. The last time Apple attempted to
make a less expensive iPhone, the 5c, it was not only a different look with the
bright plastic casing, it was also lower powered. The SE, on the other hand,
uses the same chip as the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, with the A9 powering the
system. That means you get a significant speed boost when you put it alongside
the 5s.

There's also the battery to take into account. The iPhone SE has a larger
battery than the 5s, and even alongside a relatively new iPhone 6s, the
difference in longevity is noticeable. Some of that may be due to the smaller
screen, with the iPhone 6S still having 0.7 inch in size over the new kid. But
for the most part it means that your phone will last out the day comfortably.

The camera is also a surprise. The SE comes with the same cameras that the 6S
Plus boasts. That means a 12 megapixel rear-facing camera with True Tone flash
and what Apple calls focus pixels - which helps with the auto focus, colour
reproduction and so on - and the ability to take better photographs in low
light. You can't fault it. You also get live photos, where a small bit of video
is shot to accompany the still image, which is a nice extra but not essential.

One thing the SE ditches is the 3D Touch that allows you to preview or get a
quick menu for apps that support it. It's no real loss though; while it may be
an essential for some users and it is nice to have shortcuts, I can count on the
fingers of one hand the number of times I've actually used it regularly.

If you have been using the larger screened phones though, it's tough to go back
to the 4 inch display. Everything, from typing emails to browsing the web is
more cramped, less comfortable, although you have the benefit of being able to
text one-handed, something that its larger siblings are not so great for.

So is the SE worth the investment? At the price, it's a more palatable,
pocket-friendly option for those who don't fancy the look - and size - of the
iPhone 6. It doesn't compromise on power and performance, which is where the 5c
fell down, and it still keeps that premium look that Apple has made its
signature branding.

If you're after a more compact iPhone, this is a definite win.

iPad Pro 9.7 inch

I'll admit to being slightly puzzled when the smaller iPad Pro was announced.
Surely one of the selling points of the original was that the extra screen space
made it a better option for professional users?

Of course it's not just about screen size. There's the bumped-up spec to take
into account (a new A9x chip and 4GB of Ram), the four speakers instead of the
Air's two, and the Apple Pencil support that suddenly turned the iPad into more
of a creative tool than it ever had been in the past.

So where does the iPad Pro 9.7 inch fit into the picture? Like the iPhone SE, it
turns out that Apple feels there are plenty of people out there who would prefer
the small screen. The iPad Pro 12.9 inch is, indeed, a bit of a monster when you
put it alongside a regular tablet. The smaller screen of the new iPad Pro would
make it more portable without sacrificing the power that the Pro name implies.

Well, that's sort of true. The 9.7inch iPad Pro comes with only half of the Ram
that the original Pro got, with 2GB versus 4GB, and it doesn't support USB 3,
unlike its predecessor.

On the inside, it has the same A9x chip, and the battery life still hovers
around the 10-hour mark.

The good news is that while the 9.7 inch iPad Pro gets some of - not all - the
specs of its bigger sibling but it also supports the Apple Pencil.

There are some extras too. It's got a True Tone display too that will adapt to
the colour temperature of the lighting around it, so if you are reading a book
by the fire it will adapt the colour of the screen to something warmer and less
blue than the standard tablet light. It's not just something interesting to trot
out when discussing what the device can actually do; the True Tone display will,
in theory, be less tiring on your eyes.

The new version also has the 4K iMac's DCI-P3 colour space, which is a colour
space for digital movie projection.

The 9.7 inch version also has a better camera, with a 12 megapixel sensor and 4K
video. The number of people who would use their iPad Pro to take video or shoot
still images probably increases as the screen size decreases, so the omission is
probably not a big deal for the 12.9 inch model.

One downside for the original adopters of the Pro is that the 9.7 inch version
now comes in 256GB. That's a huge leap in space, although you can bridge the gap
with cloud services when you have a decent internet connection.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Donate sperm to get an iPhone 6s

SECTION: PHOTOS

LENGTH: 269 words


In today's trending, sperm banks advertise for donations with iPhone 6s as lure,
man invents hair-washing machine, giant 8-ton tofu unveiled, and drones ensure
delivery within an hour of purchase.

Donate sperm instead of a kidney for an iPhone 6s

The joke goes that some Chinese people would , but perhaps something less costly
- sperm - might get you one too. A sperm bank in Central China's Hubei province
said it would reward donors with an iPhone 6s on its official WeChat account on
Sept 14, Changjiang Times reported.

By 5:00pm on Monday, the WeChat message had been read 1,379 times. Two more
sperm banks in Shanghai also posted similar advertisements in the following
days, read over 400,000 times. However, the report did not say how many men had
actually provided sperm donations after reading the WeChat posts.

"We are looking for donors aged between 22 to 45. 5,000 yuan ($785) will be paid
for 40 ml sample of semen(the iPhone 6s is priced at 5,288 yuan on the
mainland)," the Hubei Human Sperm Bank posted beneath a photo of an iPhone 6s.
The social media posts have stirred controversy, with some saying sperm donation
is a public welfare undertaking which should not be motivated by commercial
gain, while others think it was a good way to encourage more to donate.

The recruitment of sperm donors has been difficult, said Doctor Zhu, with the
Hubei Sperm Bank, as sperm banks are not allowed to advertise on social media.

China has strict rules on the founding and managing of sperm banks, allowing
only one in each province. Lack of sperm donations has been a major issue at all
18 centers nationwide.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

Huawei Nexus 6P rises against Apple iPhone 6S

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 292

LENGTH: 126  words


Since Huawei has launched its latest flagship smartphone, in collaboration with
Google, the Nexus 6P, tech geniuses are now comparing this outstanding device to
the Apple's iPhone 6s. Huawei's latest smart phone Nexus 6P has undoubtedly,
proven to be a great competition to high-tier smart phones such Apple iPhone 6
and 6s.

Nexus 6P has loaded in it numerous amazing and unique features in comparison to
iPhone 6s. For one, the battery of Nexus is twice more powered than that of
Apple iPhone. Moreover, the CPU clocking of Nexus is more speeded up with 1.8
GHz Octa-Core as compared to dual-core 2GHz CPU processor of Apple iPhone.

Huawei's Nexus 6P is available for $499 (32GB) and $549 (64GB), whereas, the
iPhone 6s is priced at $649 (16GB) and $749 (64GB).

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launched: Everything you need to know

BYLINE: Karrishma Modhy

LENGTH: 591  words


Let's take a look at an entirely new generation of the iPhone.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco. The
company says it is the "best iPhone" they have ever created.

The iPhone 7 is priced at $649 (approximately Rs 43,000) for the 32GB storage
variant while the iPhone 7 Plus start at $769 (Rs 51,000). The company scrapped
the 16GB variant and added two new models, 128GB and 256GB. The AirPods will
cost $159 (approximately Rs 10,000) and will not come in the box.

Pre-orders begin on September 9 while the devices will ship on September 13 in
select countries. The new iOS10 comes out September 13. It is believed that the
iPhone 7 models will launch in India on October 7, with the iPhone 7 base model
starting at Rs 60,000 respectively.

Design

The design for the iPhone 7 models looks awfully similar to the iPhone 6s.
However, Apple has ditched the headphone jack and installed dual speaker grills
on the bottom of the device instead. Apple announced new wireless earbuds,
called the AirPods. Apart from the silver, gold and rose gold color variants,
Apple introduced two-new black finishes, called black, jet (glossy) black. Apple
says that the new jet black finish is accomplished through an innovative
nine-step process of anodization and polish for a uniform, glossy finish. The
new iPhones are now water resistant (IP67), offering protection against spills,
splashes and dust. The home button is now Force Touch sensitive as well. Lastly,
a second-generation fingerprint sensor is built into the new Home button too.

Display

The iPhone 7 sports a 4.7-inch LED Multi-touch display with a 1334X750 pixel
resolution at 326 ppi whereas the iPhone 7 Plus sports a 5.5-inch LED
Multi-touch display with a 1920X1080 pixel resolution at 401 ppi. The iPhone 7
comes with a Retina HD display that's 25 percent brighter than the iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus. Apple's Phil Schiller is confident in the quality of the iPhone
7 display and has touted it as being the "best display on any smartphone."

Processor and storage

The new iPhones include a new A10 Fusion chip with a 64-bit embedded M10 motion
coprocessor. This chip is said to be 40 percent faster than the A9. Apple's Phil
Shiller stated that the new A10 fusion is 120 times faster than an original
iPhone. However, the most significant change the chip will play is for the
battery life. Apple stated that the new chip lets the iPhone 7 last more than
two hours more than the iPhone 6S, making it the "longest battery life ever in
an iPhone."

Apple finally ditched the 16GB storage variant for the new iPhones. The iPhone 7
and iphone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants.

Camera

The iPhone 7 packs in a 12MP camera with quad-LED with True Tone Flash a new
6-element f/1.8 aperture lens. It includes a new 7MP front facing camera. The
iPhone 7 Plus packs in a dual rear camera setup, out of which one sports a 56mm
telephoto lens and the other, a wide-angle lens. The devices also include
optical image stabilization (OIS). They include 4K video recording at 30 fps and
are capable of 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps. The iPhone 7 offers
a digital zoom up to 3x while the iPhone 7 Plus offers an optical zoom at 2x
along with a digital zoom of up to 6x respectively.

Battery

Though exact details have not been shared regarding the battery, the iPhone 7 is
said to last up to 2 hours longer battery life than iPhone 6s while the iPhone 7
Plus has a battery life which is said to last up to 1 hour longer than iPhone 6s
Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

First impression: 6S nice, but nothing to flip over

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 450 words


A new iPhone will be faster, have new shortcuts and a better camera.

But we already knew that, didn't we?

Apple spent more than 40 minutes Wednesday doing a high-intensity sales job on
the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which it claimed was the "most advanced" and
"best ever" iPhone.

They always say that. It's just that this year, it didn't seem like Apple had
the goods to prove it. At a press event here to unveil new products, Apple on
Wednesday did a much better job selling the revamped Apple TV than it did in
getting us excited about the new iPhone.

Not that it will matter.

Apple historically has sold more units of each new iPhone than the previous
model, and analysts believe the company will do it again with the 6S and 6S
Plus. Just marginally. Because folks want the newest and latest.

The new edition goes on sale Sept. 25, starting at $199 and $299 for the 6S and
6S Plus, assuming a two-year contract and depending on storage capacity.

In keeping with the off years, when Apple releases new "S" phones that aren't
re-designed,  the new features are welcome but doubtful to be of huge interest
to a worldwide mass audience.

The 3D Touch feature seems nice: Click an app, and hold your finger down, and
you get a drop down menu offering various shortcuts that give you app features
without having to open the app all the way.

I tested the feature in a hands-on demo of the iPhone on Wednesday, and it takes
some getting used to. The harder you press, the more features pop up your way.

The best new feature, and it's hard to describe, is called "Live Photo," which
is basically a video version of a normal photo. Take a picture the normal way on
the iPhone, take a look at it afterward, and motion is added. That photo of your
kid waving to you now includes a moving wave.

The added resolution to what has become the world's most popular camera is very
welcome: 12 megapixel, up from 8 megapixel. Even better, some shutterbugs will
certainly be excited about getting to shoot 4K video.

That's four times the resolution of standard HD, and Apple's demo looked
terrific. They always do.

I've found that serious photographers care about frame rates and higher
resolution, but most consumers don't.

Last year's model was the best iPhone ever. How could you top it?

You don't. As consumers, we just have to come to terms with that.

So for those who want to get excited, see you next September for the iPhone 7.
Here's a new flash: it will be re-designed and described as the "most advanced,"
"best" and "revolutionary" iPhone ever.

Follow USA TODAY tech columnist and #talkingtech host Jefferson Graham on
Twitter, where he's @jeffersongraham, and listen to his daily audio tech reports
on Stitcher and TuneIn.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo MONICA DAVEY, european pressphoto agency

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 12, 2015 Saturday 12:00 AM GMT

iPhone 6s available to pre-order TODAY.. but you'll have to wait almost two
weeks to get your hands on the gadget;
The hotly-anticipated iPhone 6s includes a new 3D Touch display and a more
powerful camera. And queues are already forming

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: LIFESTYLE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 245 words


Apple's newest phone is available to pre-order this morning but you'll have to
wait almost two weeks before you get your hands on it.

The smartphone is available to pre-order from 8.01am.

The new phone comes in two models: the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6s Plus.

Although they won't go on sale until September 25, you can stake your claim on
the hot new gadget today.

Sadly, they don't come cheap.

Apple has kept the pricing the same as it was for your last year's phones.

The 16GB SIM-free version of the iPhone 6s will set you back (EURO)649, while
the SIM-free 64GB version costs (EURO)759.

That increases if you decide to go for the larger iPhone 6s Plus, which starts
with a SIM-free price of (EURO)759 for the 16GB version and the SIM-free 64GB
model is (EURO)869.

That doesn't seem to have dissuaded some people, as Apple fans are ALREADY
queuing up to be the first to get their hands on the new phone.

A reporter for tech website CNET tweeted a picture of a tent pitched outside
Apple's Sydney store last night, before the new devices had even been announced.

And it's not the first time this has happened.

Ten days ahead of the release of the iPhone 6 in 2014, people were queueing up
outside Apple's Regent Street store - in the hope they'd be able to sell their
place in line for cash.

We're sure the lines will be back again this year, but will you be among them?

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Would you ever queue up to buy an iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apple faithful get new iPhones as CEO faces growth questions

BYLINE: Adam Satariano, Bloomberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


How many iPhones can Apple Inc. sell?

That's a question facing chief executive Tim Cook as the latest batch of
handsets began landing in stores worldwide on Friday. The company has hit sales
records with each annual release. Yet the newest models, following a hugely
popular design overhaul last year, may not match the success of previous
releases, analysts say.

From Sydney to New York, some of the Apple faithful waited in lines for more
than two weeks to be among the first to receive the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Before the new iPhones went on sale, demand appeared lower than last year,
"possibly meaningfully so," said Andy Hargreaves, an analyst at Pacific Crest
Securities who studied Google search data, shipment times and third-party
surveys. Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein Co. and RBC Capital Markets also
raised concerns about iPhone growth. Since 2013, iPhone sales have increased an
average of about 35 per cent each quarter. In October to December last year,
Apple sold 74.6 million iPhones - about 34,000 iPhone purchases per hour.

Expectations are tempered partly because the gadget is at the point in its
two-year design cycle that entails less dramatic changes. In the first year,
Apple generally overhauls the device's hardware, including its look and feel.
For the following year's model, designated with an "s" tacked on to the number,
the Cupertino, Calif.-based company makes more subtle improvements.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus resemble last year's versions but sport new features
such as 3D Touch, which provides a shortcut for checking mail, taking pictures
and other functions when the user presses down on the screen.

Apple also added an improved camera and zippier processor.

Whether Apple can match last year's demand will be determined as handsets hit
stores Friday in New Zealand, Australia, Japan, Singapore, China, Hong Kong,
France, Germany, the U.K., Canada, the U.S. and Puerto Rico. They will go on
sale in more than 130 countries by year end, according to Apple.

At New York's flagship store on Fifth Avenue, Jaime Gonzalez took two weeks off
from work to wait in line for 16 days.

"I never had an iPhone before," said the 38-year-old truck driver. "I see all my
friends playing with their iPhones and new devices, and I said, 'You know what,
maybe it's time for me to upgrade.' " Customers around Asia again lined up to be
among the first to get their hands on the device.

Cook has said he expects the world's second-largest economy to eventually become
Apple's largest market. Greater China accounted for 27 per cent of revenue in
the June quarter, more than all of Europe, and remains a swing factor for the
company's iPhone-reliant earnings.

Apple last week predicted it would top last year's openingweekend sales record
of 10 million units, although that figure is boosted by availability this year
in China, which wasn't part of the initial rollout last year. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ringo H.W. Chiu, The Associated Press; The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport
new features such as 3D Touch, which provides a shortcut for checking mail,
taking pictures and other functions when the user presses down on the screen.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                               Bangalore Edition

A Month into iPhone Launch, Apple Offers Deep Discounts

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 439 words


In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones in less
than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating a
buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6sPlus, giving consumers discount of up to .
34,000 to boost sales.' This is also the first instance

when Apple and its distributors are going to buy back old models under the
scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and reduce the burden of the
retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade partners of Apple in

India said. The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at '.
62,000-.'92,000 depending on memory and model, but sales were down 15-20% over
last year as iPhone 6 and 6Plus which hit the market last year were cheaper by '
. 8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of the Apple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out
the buyback scheme in a handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail
chains in South India which will be subsequently taken national. The other three
distributors will also follow suit since the United States company wants to
achieve its target of trebling sales during the October-Decem

ber quarter over last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
the buyback at the re

tail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to increase sales in
India since it did not expect such a weak launch for

the new iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners
said.

"Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers
to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this
time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said. The buyback . 34,000 on
the new iPhones price of ' is against iPhone 6. The firm informed trade it will
buy back select hi-end handsets of rival Samsung.

Apple has also created a separate website where retailers have to upload details
of old handsets against which new models will be bought. The buyback offer comes
at a time when the latest iPhones

are getting sold at 7-11% discount since last week in ecommerce marketplaces
such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers has led to a great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier II
cities," he said. .

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6S, iPad Pro and Apple TV

LENGTH: 302  words


By tbreak Staff -

Apple announced a slew of new products yesterday including the much leaked
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The two new handsets features the new A9 processor
and 3D Touch technology that, like Apple Watch, can gauge the pressure
sensitivity of a tap and accordingly allow you access to new functions. The
camera on the iPhone 6S has also been upgraded to 12MP on the back and 5MP on
the front. While the design looks the same as the iPhone 6, Apple has added a
new Rose Gold colour.

Besides the iPhone 6S, Apple also announced the new iPad Pro which is a addition
to the iPad line-up. Featuring a 12-inch retina display, the iPad Pro can also
accept input from a Stylus which will be sold separately as Apple Pencil. Apple
is also releasing a keyboard for the new iPad Pro. The tablet will feature the
A9X processor and four speakers that can adjust the volume based on how you're
holding the device.

Finally, Apple also updated the Apple TV box with a new remote control and an A8
processor. Apple TV will come with an App Store as well as Siri integration to
allow you to issue voice controls. The remote will also come with a touch
sensitive area to navigate. Apple showcased a few games and apps on the new
Apple TV.

While the Apple Watch wasn't upgraded, Apple will release the sports version in
Gold and Rose Gold colours along with a new set of straps. Apple has worked with
Hermes to create a set of fashionable bands for Apple Watch.

The new Watch OS2 is expected to be released on September 16 which will bring
native apps to the Apple Watch. On the same day, iOS 9 is also expected to be
released for previous generation of devices.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/57/144193154239.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/61/144193154364.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/4/144193154489.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     December 8, 2015 Tuesday 12:55 PM GMT

Apple launches official Smart Battery Case for iPhone 6 and 6s

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 299 words


We've all been there - trying to find the bus stop in the pouring rain, fully
aware that the use of GPS and the maps app is rapidly draining the final few
percent from your phone.

Smartphones are miracles of technology, if only they'd still have power when we
really need them - and nowApple might finally have acknowledged that the battery
life of the iPhone is far from idealwith the release of the Smart Battery Case.

While third party battery phone case accessories have existed for a while, Apple
have finally released on official version on their online shop for iPhone 6 and
6s, available in Charcoal Grey and White.

Read more

The best iPhone 6s cases

The tech company's flagship smartphone iPhone 6s can last for up to 10 hours
using 4G, 11 hours on Wi-Fi, and 14 hours talking over 3G when new, but iPhone
users often experience a significant decline in battery life over time.

The case, which l

ooks similar to the standard official iPhone 6 cases with an added protrusion to
the back,

adds on an extra 18 hours of 4G internet use and 20 hours of video playback.

The battery case charges using the regular Apple lightning port, so no
additional chargers are required.

Read more

Apple's iPhone sales hit record at 48 million

There's a new iPhone feature that's eating up your data allowance

iPhone 6s: Video suggests new waterproof model - but don't try at home

It's not the only move that Apple have made this year to combat the problematic
battery life of the iPhone - iOS 9 brought a Low Power mode, which users are
invited to switch on when they only have 20% battery left.

The mode reduces background functions so that you can savour those precious last
few minutes of juice.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     December 8, 2015 Tuesday 11:38 AM GMT

Apple launch official Smart Battery Case for iPhone 6 and 6s

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 299 words


We've all been there - trying to find the bus stop in the pouring rain, fully
aware that the use of GPS and the maps app is rapidly draining the final few
percent from your phone.

Smartphones are miracles of technology, if only they'd still have power when we
really need them - and nowApple might finally have acknowledged that the battery
life of the iPhone is far from idealwith the release of the Smart Battery Case.

While third party battery phone case accessories have existed for a while, Apple
have finally released on official version on their online shop for iPhone 6 and
6s, available in Charcoal Grey and White.

Read more

The best iPhone 6s cases

The tech company's flagship smartphone iPhone 6s can last for up to 10 hours
using 4G, 11 hours on Wi-Fi, and 14 hours talking over 3G when new, but iPhone
users often experience a significant decline in battery life over time.

The case, which l

ooks similar to the standard official iPhone 6 cases with an added protrusion to
the back,

adds on an extra 18 hours of 4G internet use and 20 hours of video playback.

The battery case charges using the regular Apple lightning port, so no
additional chargers are required.

Read more

Apple's iPhone sales hit record at 48 million

There's a new iPhone feature that's eating up your data allowance

iPhone 6s: Video suggests new waterproof model - but don't try at home

It's not the only move that Apple have made this year to combat the problematic
battery life of the iPhone - iOS 9 brought a Low Power mode, which users are
invited to switch on when they only have 20% battery left.

The mode reduces background functions so that you can savour those precious last
few minutes of juice.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

All systems go as new Apple iPhones hit stores' shelves

BYLINE:  Pauline Askin and Julia Love

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 413 words


SYDNEY/SAN FRANCISCO: The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores yesterday, with
dozens of people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales
cycle that will be scrutinised for signs of how much juice Apple's marquee
product has left.

Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to be sold in the first weekend,
up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful iPhone 6's
launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled robot.

"I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing."

Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days prior to
the release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales
were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.

Apple's flagship iPhones generated nearly two-thirds of the US giant's revenue
in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, the iPhone is Apple's
best-selling device to date.

"The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.

After a redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen and added
mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest improvements.

The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.

"Today is like Christmas for pocket film-makers all around the world because the
iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney.

"I've never seen anything like it, it's astounding. The camera craft has now
come up to story-telling craft."

Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year.

Lacklustre offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung also
will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor
Insights & Strategy wrote in an e-mail. - Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Sprint adds 33 more destinations to Sprint Open World - unlimited free texting,
great rates on calls and high-speed data

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:




 OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), September 17, 2015 - Whether you are
island-hopping through the Caribbean, escaping to Fiji or touring France, your
world just expanded with Sprint. Thirty-three destinations have been added to
the free Sprint Open World add-on service, giving customers unlimited free
texting and great rates on calls and high-speed data.


 Sprint Open World


  For customers traveling frequently to Mexico, Canada and 12 countries across
Latin America, Sprint Open World includes free calling and text, plus 1GB of
free data. The Latin American countries are Dominican Republic, Argentina,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras,
Nicaragua, Panama and Paraguay. Sprint offers free calling in more international
destinations than any other carrier. T-Mobile offers free calling in two
countries. AT&T and Verizon do not offer free international calling.

  In more than 50 other destinations, including those just added to the Sprint
Open World plan, texting is free, calls are just $0.20/minute, and high-speed
data is only $30/GB.

  The new Sprint Open World destinations include France, Anguilla, Antigua and
Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, Bonaire, British Virgin Islands,
Cayman Islands, Curacao, Dominica, Fiji, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guyana,
Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Seychelles, St.
Barthelemy, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent & The Grenadines,
Suriname, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, and Vanuatu. For
a full list of destinations visit, www.sprint.com/openworld.

  Qualified Sprint customers on domestic plans with compatible phones may add
Sprint Open World to their Sprint plan simply by visiting
www.sprint.com/openworld or go to your local Sprint store.1

 &ldquo;When our customers are vacationing in the Caribbean or traveling abroad,
we know they want to be able to communicate with friends and family free from
worry about surprising costs to text, make a call home or send a photo,&rdquo;
said Kevin Crull, chief marketing officer, Sprint. &ldquo;We are continuing to
add more destinations and enabling our customers to stay connected virtually
wherever they go.&rdquo;
 Sprint Global Roaming
 Customers whose international travel does not frequently include Mexico, Canada
or Latin America may opt instead for the Sprint Global Roaming free add-on
service. With Sprint Global Roaming, customers get free unlimited 2G data,
unlimited text messaging, and calls for $0.20 per minute. For a complete list of
Sprint Global Roaming destinations, visit www.sprint.com/globalroaming.
 Open World and Global Roaming are available on iPhone 6s
 Both Open World and Global Roaming are available for free on the iPhone 6s, as
well as other iPhones and smartphones from Sprint. Starting on Sept. 25,
qualified Sprint customers can choose iPhone Forever2 to get iPhone 6s for $15
per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19 per month, making it the most affordable
way to get the new iPhones on Sprint. Customers who choose not to trade in an
existing smartphone at time of purchase can get iPhone 6s for $22 per month and
iPhone 6s Plus for $26 per month. With the innovative iPhone Forever program,
included in the price, Sprint customers can now get a new iPhone every year.
Visit www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to place an order or learn more about the
iPhone 6s and iPhone Forever.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Sprint adds 33 more destinations to Sprint Open World - unlimited free texting,
great rates on calls and high-speed data

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:




 OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), September 17, 2015 - Whether you are
island-hopping through the Caribbean, escaping to Fiji or touring France, your
world just expanded with Sprint. Thirty-three destinations have been added to
the free Sprint Open World add-on service, giving customers unlimited free
texting and great rates on calls and high-speed data.


 Sprint Open World


  For customers traveling frequently to Mexico, Canada and 12 countries across
Latin America, Sprint Open World includes free calling and text, plus 1GB of
free data. The Latin American countries are Dominican Republic, Argentina,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras,
Nicaragua, Panama and Paraguay. Sprint offers free calling in more international
destinations than any other carrier. T-Mobile offers free calling in two
countries. AT&T and Verizon do not offer free international calling.

  In more than 50 other destinations, including those just added to the Sprint
Open World plan, texting is free, calls are just $0.20/minute, and high-speed
data is only $30/GB.

  The new Sprint Open World destinations include France, Anguilla, Antigua and
Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, Bonaire, British Virgin Islands,
Cayman Islands, Curacao, Dominica, Fiji, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guyana,
Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Seychelles, St.
Barthelemy, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent & The Grenadines,
Suriname, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, and Vanuatu. For
a full list of destinations visit, www.sprint.com/openworld.

  Qualified Sprint customers on domestic plans with compatible phones may add
Sprint Open World to their Sprint plan simply by visiting
www.sprint.com/openworld or go to your local Sprint store.1

 &ldquo;When our customers are vacationing in the Caribbean or traveling abroad,
we know they want to be able to communicate with friends and family free from
worry about surprising costs to text, make a call home or send a photo,&rdquo;
said Kevin Crull, chief marketing officer, Sprint. &ldquo;We are continuing to
add more destinations and enabling our customers to stay connected virtually
wherever they go.&rdquo;
 Sprint Global Roaming
 Customers whose international travel does not frequently include Mexico, Canada
or Latin America may opt instead for the Sprint Global Roaming free add-on
service. With Sprint Global Roaming, customers get free unlimited 2G data,
unlimited text messaging, and calls for $0.20 per minute. For a complete list of
Sprint Global Roaming destinations, visit www.sprint.com/globalroaming.
 Open World and Global Roaming are available on iPhone 6s
 Both Open World and Global Roaming are available for free on the iPhone 6s, as
well as other iPhones and smartphones from Sprint. Starting on Sept. 25,
qualified Sprint customers can choose iPhone Forever2 to get iPhone 6s for $15
per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19 per month, making it the most affordable
way to get the new iPhones on Sprint. Customers who choose not to trade in an
existing smartphone at time of purchase can get iPhone 6s for $22 per month and
iPhone 6s Plus for $26 per month. With the innovative iPhone Forever program,
included in the price, Sprint customers can now get a new iPhone every year.
Visit www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to place an order or learn more about the
iPhone 6s and iPhone Forever.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Etisalat announces smart pay plan for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

LENGTH: 270  words


By tbreak Staff -

Etisalat announced yesterday that customers can get the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
with a post-paid connection for a smart pay plan starting from AED 115/ month.
The smart pay plans are available on up to 24 months contractual basis.

This first of its kind offer allows Etisalat's customers in the UAE to buy the
latest iPhones as per their convenience and suited to their payment requirements
across 12, 18 or 24 months. Customers can get the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in all
colors - white, grey, gold and silver, and for all capacities- 16, 64 and 128GB
with the smart pay plan. Depending on the device and payment period, the price
starts with AED 115 per month and can go all the way up to AED 320 per month.

Khaled ElKhouly, Chief Consumer Officer at Etisalat, said, "We are committed to
continuously offer new deals to our customers by partnering with leading global
brands and mobile manufacturers. iPhone is undoubtedly one of the most popular
mobile phones demanded by our customers. Through the new Smart pay options, we
are making it highly affordable for all customer segments to get their hands on
this highly desired smartphone. It lets users enjoy the fast speed 4G experience
that these advanced phones enable on our nation-wide 4G network."

Customers can also enjoy the high internet speeds of up to 300 Mbps thanks to
Etisalat's 4G/LTE network which covers nearly 95 percent of the country's
populated regions. Customers can also download the mobile app on all platforms
to stay updated on the latest services and products offered by Etisalat.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/19/145441873345.png



LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6s offers new ways to give the finger;
Should Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus prompt an upgrade?

BYLINE: Steve Dinneen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 826 words


Rating: hhhh£ Available from www.apple.com/uk I'm an "s" kind of a guy. You can
see it right there at the start of my name, all sexy and curvaceous. So I'm
always happy to see Apple's "s" iPhone updates, like they're made just for me
and the other 2.1m Steves in the world, Steve Jobs presumably included. And if
you look beyond the design overhaul that comes with Apple's numerical releases,
you'll see that a lot of the best iPhone features have been slipped into the
biannual "s" update. The iPhone 4s had Siri, the 5s had the Touch ID fingerprint
scanner. And the 6s has 3D Touch.

This new pressure sensitive screen gives you a whole new way of interacting with
your phone. Dig your skinny little digit into an icon and a new menu will pop
up: press on the camera and you get options to "take selfie" or "record video";
try the clock and options to "create alarm" and "start timer" will appear.

It's like Apple has reinvented the right click, which is ironic given it was the
one who deemed it surplus to requirements in the first place.

Apple's own apps are the best showcase: in Mail you can press on an email for a
preview and either release it to spring back to the original list or press
harder to respond. At each stage of your pressing you get little haptic jolts in
your fingertips, like you're massaging the heart of a mouse, to let you know
what's going on.

On the face of it, it's hardly reason to spend £539 (the cheapest contract-free
iPhone 6s), but after a little time this new feature becomes an integral part of
how you interact with your phone (a week later, I'm using it more rather than
less, which puts it ahead of Siri in the usefulness stakes). And it's only going
to get better as app developers work out how to integrate it.

Beyond 3D Touch, improvements are more subtle. In terms of appearance, the 6s is
virtually identical to the 6 (and the 6s Plus identical to the 6 Plus). Which is
fine, because the iPhone 6 is a perfectly decent looking phone. It feels soft
and silky in your hand.

It's not the most exciting handset to have ever rolled out of Cupertino - that
honour goes to the iPhone 4, that slinky black monolith sandwiched between two
sheets of cut glass - but we live in a world where the margins between high end
smartphones are increasingly thin, and the iPhone 6 is certainly among the best.
Oh, and it comes in a new shade of gold, rose gold, which isn't my cup of tea
but you might love it. Who knows who's reading this and what crazy colours
they're drawn to? Not me.

Apple was one of the first manufacturers to adopt the mantra: "faster, thinner,
lighter", something it has achieved in each of its previous iPhone releases
(although not all of its iPad ones). This time it settles for "faster, slightly
thicker, heavier, stronger", which is actually a pretty good compromise. Having
used the iPhone 6 Plus for the last year, I would never have guessed the new
version is a few fractions of a kitten's whisker thicker, although it does feel
heavier in your hand. The latest model is made from a new type of aluminium -
the same used in the Apple Watch - which is more robust and should put paid to
the (mostly spurious) #bendgate stories that dogged the early days of the 6
Plus. The glass is also more shatter resistant, although I've thankfully avoided
testing this.

It's certainly faster than its predecessor, with a new A9 chip and double the
RAM. In real world tests (as opposed to tests that only exist inside the damp
minds of Apple fanboys who work out website loading times in 100ths of a
second), you won't notice much improvement, but it does mean that if you're
planning on sticking with this handset for a couple of years you'll be well
futureproofed.

The same goes for the new 12mp camera: it's excellent, but so was the camera on
the iPhone 6 and unless you're comparing the two under a microscope, you'll
probably struggle to notice the difference.

One thing the 6s does bring to the table is Live Photo, which adds 1.5 seconds
of video before and after the actual photo (accessed by 3D Touching your
picture). On the promotional material it looks great, with family photos brought
to life by cute little snippets of video. In my tests it tended to capture clips
of me with one eye closed before I point the camera up at the sky. Battery life
meanwhile is much of a muchness with the previous generation.

Apple's tagline for this phone is "The only thing that's changed is everything".
And while this is marginally true if you count all the little changes under the
hood, in reality it's a steady if not blockbuster upgrade.

If you're already rocking an iPhone 6, this would be a very welcome but largely
unnecessary luxury. If you bought a Samsung Galaxy 6S in April, you're not going
to be wailing in despair. But if you ask me what's the best phone you can buy
right now, I'd tell you it's this one.

3D Touch gives you little haptic jolts in your finger tips, like you're
massaging the heart of a mouse

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2015 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Core value;
WE TEST LATEST APPLE PHONE

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 469 words


FOR Apple, it seemed a low-key product launch.

But there was good news for those watching their wallets - a budget iPhone and
Apple Watch price cut. Plus there was a new iPad.

Here DANIEL JONES, at Apple HQ in Cupertino, California, reviews the new iPhone
SE.

THE iPhone SE is the same size and design as the iPhone 5 from 2012 but has most
of the features of the 6s out last September.

SO WHAT IS IT? The iPhone 7 is due to come in September, so forget any
cuttingedge new features.

Instead, the SE - from £359, which is £180 cheaper than the starting price for
the top-range 6s - is aimed at the budgetconscious and those who want to avoid
giant screens.

IS THE SCREEN A BIT SMALL? Measuring 4in diagonally, the screen is the same size
and detail as the iPhone 5 and 5s.

I now prefer the bigger display of the 6 but others will be pleased to get an
up-to-date device without a huge display.

HOW IS IT DIFFERENT TO THE 5 AND 5S? Aside from the design and screen size, it
is completely different. In fact, it shares almost all the features of the 6s.
The 12MP camera lets you take Live Photos, it has the same faster processor as
the 6s so apps load fast and games are quick. It can also make mobile payments
using Apple Pay.

JUST A 6S IN A 5S CASE? Pretty much, which is good considering it is so much
cheaper. Of course, the screen is not as big or detailed and there is no 3D
Touch, which lets you access different features depending on how hard you press
the screen.

The SE having the same design as the 5s means anyone switching from that can use
the same accessories such as cases.

WILL THE BATTERY LET IT DOWN? No. It easily lasted a day, which makes sense as
Apple says the battery on the SE lasts around a quarter longer than the 5s
despite the device being more powerful. iPhones were the butt of jokes for their
terrible battery life but these days they compare well with most rivals.

COLOURS, STORAGE OPTIONS AND PRICES The SE comes in four colours, rose gold,
gold, silver and black. There are two storage options, too, 16GB for £359 and
64GB for £439.

Carphone Warehouse, which has deals from all networks, has the SE from £26 a
month, with no upfront cost, with Vodafone. However, that is with only 500MB of
internet data.

Also at Carphone Warehouse, but with 2GB of data, is EE's £29.99 a month deal.
EE is the UK's fastest 4G network.

That compares to the 6s, which costs from £539 for the 16GB right up to £789 for
the bigger 6s Plus with 128GB of storage.

The SE is out on Thursday but can be pre-ordered now.

OVERALL It is the cheapest ever iPhone. That does not mean Apple is giving them
away, since iPhones have always been among the priciest.

But if you like the smaller screen (or are happy to put up with it for the
cheaper price) then it is a bargain with many of the latest features for a much
lower price.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOOD CALL ... Daniel with the budget iPhone SE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2016 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                                Kolkata Edition

New iPhones to Cost Much Higher Here than Overseas

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 264 words


Apple's muchawaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will cost '. 62,000 for the
lowest storage variant and as much as '. 92,000 for the top-end model,
distributors said Thursday. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, experts
said.

The latest phones, which have been offered for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25,
will be available for pre-registration at Apple's local distributor websites,
includ

ing Brightstar, besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

The 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold for ' .
62,000, '. 72,000 and . 82,000, respectively ' , and similar versions of the 6s
Plus will cost ' . 82,000 and ' . 72,000, ' . 92,000.In the US, the cheapest
iPhone 6s is listed on Apple's website for $649 (.'42,235) while the same model
on its Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 '8,295). ET was the first
to re(.port the prices last week, which have now been confirmed. The new models
in India are 14-16% more expensive than the devices launched last year.

"Globally, pricing remained similar to last year's models, but a strong dollar
led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year...India, not being a
high-volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," said Tarun Pathak, a senior
analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

New iPhones to Cost Much Higher here than Overseas

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 266 words


Apple's muchawaited iPhone 6s and iPhone '62,000 for the 6s Plus will cost
.lowest storage variant and as much as . '92,000 for the topend model,
distributors said Thursday. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, experts
said.

The latest phones, which have been offered for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx

and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25, will be available for
preregistration at Apple's local distributor websites, including Brightstar,
besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

The 16 GB, 64

The 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold for . 62,000,
' ' . 72,000 and ' . 82,000, respectively , and similar versions of the 6s Plus
will cost ' . 72,000, . 82,000 and ' ' . 92,000. In the US, the cheapest iPhone
6s is listed on Apple's website for $649 '42,235) while the same model (.on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (. '48,295).ET was the first to
report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed. The new models in
India are 14-16% more expensive than the devices launched last year.

"Globally, pricing remained similar to last year's models, but a strong dollar
led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year...India, not being a
high-volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," said Tarun Pathak, a senior
analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone 6s, 6s plus to be launched on Nov 13

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 596

LENGTH: 166  words


Apple iPhone 6s and 6s plus are coming to Pakistan on November 13 with its
official distributor, Future Tech.

Sale of the most advanced iPhone would commence on Friday, Nov 13 at Advance
Telecom retail outlets across Pakistan. Future Tech is planning to hold events
in three cities, at Dolmen Mall in Karachi, Fortress Stadium in Lahore and
Centaurus Mall in Islamabad. The distributor expects big turnover at the venues.

iPhone lovers are excited over the news that they would have an official Apple
presence in Pakistan, where sales and after sales services would also be
available. In addition to this, Future Tech is providing incentives to the first
500 customers on pre-booking and purchase through its 'buy one get one'
promotion.

The buyers would now have the official Apple warranty available in Pakistan
also, which was not there before.

Apple iPhone 6s and 6s plus are now on sale via online pre-orders. Pre-book your
iPhone by logging on to the booking form available at Future Tech website.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6s goes on sale

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 26 -- The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with
dozens of people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales
cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc.'s marquee
product has left.


 Analysts expect a record 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves
in the first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely
successful iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest
smartphone market.
 Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.
 "I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two
days lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and
use it to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled
robot.
 Fans around the world have camped out for days prior to the release, and Apple
has said pre-orders suggested sales were on pace to beat last year's
first-weekend performance.
 Sales of iPhones accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue in the
latest quarter. First released in 2007, it is Apple's best-selling device to
date.
 "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
 The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology based on a "Taptic Engine" that
responds according to how hard users press their screens.
 "The rumors are true - the battery capacity is down a bit, and we suspect the
reduced battery size is to accommodate the Taptic Engine," repair firm iFixit,
which opened up an iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, said on its website. (bit.ly/1OxY5xs)
 Apple has said battery life is unchanged in the new phones.
 Lacklustre offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co. also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.
 "Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more
competitive versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in
traditional regions," Mr. Moorhead said.
 The iPhone goes on sale in countries including China, , the U.K and the U.S.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Turan Information Agency

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Beneficial "Spring" offer from Azercell

LENGTH: 476  words


On the eve of Novruz holiday Azercell Telecom has launched a new campaign for
its subscribers. Starting from March 7, all individual post-paid subscribers
will be able to benefit from special campaign "Bahar" (Spring Campaign). All
existing postpaid subscribers, as well as postpaid subscribers who already
ported in to Azercell network via mobile number portability services can get
iPhone 6S (16 GB) and iPhone 6S (64 GB) by subscribing to "Hedsiz", "Hedsiz
Zeng" or "Hedsiz Internet" tariffs with the discount at Azercell dealer network
or Azercell Express offices. Following the purchase of iPhone 6S (16 GB) and
iPhone 6S (64 GB) under the campaign, the subscriber will need to pay a monthly
subscription fee 12/24 consecutive payment periods.


               Tariff pack         Price for Phone 6s  Price for Phone 6s
                                   16GB payable in 12  64GB payable in 12
                                   invoice period (VAT invoice period (VAT
                                   inc.)               inc.)
Hedsiz         179 AZN             199 AZN
Hedsiz Zeng    159 AZN             179 AZN
Hedsiz         149 AZN             169 AZN
Internet
               Price for Phone 6s  Price for Phone 6s
               16GB payable in 24  64GB payable in 24
               invoice period (VAT invoice period (VAT
               inc.)               inc.)
Hedsiz         119 AZN             129 AZN
Hedsiz         99 AZN              109 AZN
Z[#x259]ng
Hedsiz         89 AZN              99 AZN
[#x130]nternet

Subscriber can join the campaign instantly and "Hedsiz", "Hedsiz Zeng" or
"Hedsiz Internet" tariff packs are activated the next day. Subscribers joining
the campaign with "Hedsiz Zeng" pack will receive 1GB monthly data twice for
free if they order internet data of 1GB during two invoice period. The
subscirbers will also get special bonuses and discounts by joining this
campaign. Subscriber should use his/her own number in order to enjoy the
campaign. A subscriber can get only one cell phone within the campaign.
Subscribers may address the AZEX or Customer Service offices in order to benefit
from the camapign.

Azercell will continue to please its 4.5 million subscribers with new campaigns
and services during this spring.

For more information, please contact news@mcs.az

Azercell Telecom LLC was founded in 1996 and since the first years sustains a
leading position in the market. Azercell introduced number of technological
innovations in Azerbaijan: GSM technology, advance payment mobile services,
M2M,MobilBank, GPRS/EDGE (mobile internet), 24/7 Customer Care, full-time
operating Azercell Express offices, mobile e-service "ASAN imza" (ASAN
signature) and others. With 48,2% share of Azerbaijan's mobile market Azercell's
network covers 99,8% of the country's population. In 2015, the number of
Azercell's subscribers reached 4,5 million people. In 2011 Azercell deployed 3G
and in 2012 the fourth generation network - LTE in Azerbaijan. The Company is
the leader of Azerbaijan's mobile communication industry and the biggest
investor in the non-oil sector. Azercell is a part of TeliaSonera Group of
Companies serving 186 million subscribers in 17 countries worldwide with 27,000
employees.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1362


                        Copyright 2016 Turan News Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           WeekendPost (South Africa)

                               September 12, 2015

Looking at latest from Apple

LENGTH: 969 words


APPLE is bolstering its money-pumping iPhone line while looking to dive deep
into businesses with iPads and dominate living rooms with Apple TV hardware
tuned to app-loving lifestyles.
 Tricked-out new iPhone 6 models, along with overhauled Apple TV hardware and
iPad Pro tablets with enlarged screens, were major announcements at the
technology titan's media event in San Francisco this week.


 South African iStore marketing coordinator Ashley Da Silva said: "We are very
excited about the products announced by Apple. We are awaiting confirmation on
local availability and will share this ... as soon as we can."
 Weekend Post breaks down some of the biggest announcements.
 iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
 Apple introduced two updated iPhones to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.
 The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.
 A key new feature is "3D touch", which responds to pressure exerted on the
screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications. By responding to
sensing pressure, the phones enable users to dip in and out of content without
losing their place.
 The 6S has the 12cm display of its predecessor and the 6S Plus - which updates
one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet category" - has the same sized
screen.
 But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body.
 The new iPhone models sport an improved iSight rear-facing camera capable of
shooting 4K video, up to 12MP from the predecessors' 8MP and front-facing 5MP
lens.
 A new feature named "Live Photos" creates a brief animation by extending the
captured moment, stitching several frames together.
 The new models will be shipped in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB versions.
  Both phones keep the sizing conventions of predecessor models the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches (12cm and 14cm) diagonally.
 Animated backgrounds will also be a new feature.
 ESTIMATED COST: R8845 (iPhone 6S 16GB); R10205 (iPhone 6S Plus 16GB)
 Apple TV
 Apple has unveiled a new gaming- focused version of its Apple TV set-top box in
an effort to challenge Sony and Microsoft's hold on the multibillion-rand gaming
industry.
 The new Apple TV can be controlled through a revamped version of digital
assistant Siri to search for and play films and TV programmes via voice command.

  Apple's music streaming service Apple Music will also be integrated into the
new operating system tvOS, which is based on the iPhone and iPad system iOS.
 Most significantly, tvOS will allow developers to create apps for the Apple TV,
opening up major opportunities for gaming. Netflix, HBO and Hulu apps will all
be available as well.
 "We believe the future of television is apps," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.
 Apple TV comes with a redesigned remote control that can be used for advanced
gaming features, and supports multi-player gaming.
 Games that will be available for it include the new Guitar Hero title, Disney
Infinity, Rayman Adventures, Super Bros Creator and Crossy Road.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R2030
 iPad Pro
 The iPad Pro features a 32cm screen and a far faster processor.
 The device is the third size of iPad, following the introduction of the
original iPad in 2010.
 The iPad Pro also is far more powerful, with a new A9 chip that Apple said made
it 1.8 times more powerful than the most recent iPad Air.
 "iPad is the clearest expression of our vision of the future of personal
computing," Cook said.
 The iPad Pro features a 10-hour battery life and four speakers.
 It is slightly thicker than the iPad Air at 6.9mm compared to 6.1mm.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R10886
 Apple Pencil
 The pencil, which allows users to apply different levels of pressure to the
iPad Pro for different effects when drawing, writing or using other apps, is the
first time Apple has made such an accessory.
 The iPad Pro stylus, called Apple Pencil, was designed for high-precision
illustration and 3D design applications.
 Apple's late founder Steve Jobs, introducing the iPhone in 2007, famously said:
"Nobody wants a stylus."
 ESTIMATED COST: R1349
 Apple Surface iPad Keyboard
 The "Smart Keyboard" is a case that fits around the iPad Pro but also includes
physical keys.
 ESTIMATED COST: R2302
 Hermès Apple Watch
 Alongside new gold and rose gold aluminium versions of the Apple Watch Sport
models, a collaboration with Hermès has resulted in a new selection of Apple
Watches in stainless steel with hand-stitched leather bands in distinctive
styles, comprising the Single Tour, Double Tour and manly Cuff.
 The Single Tour for the 38mm stainless steel case is a classic Hermès design
with a buckle that gives a nod to Hermès' equestrian heritage.
 It will be available in a selection of fauve Barenia, noir box and capucine
Swift leather.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R14987.85
 iOS 9
  Siri, Apple's virtual personal assistant, has been updated for iOS 9 to be
more proactive.
  It will automatically suggest apps to launch or people to contact based on
usage patterns, and notify users when they need to leave for appointments,
taking into account traffic conditions.
 iOS 9 will learn what music you typically listen to in a certain location or at
a particular time of day, so when you plug in your headphones at the gym or get
into the car before work, it will automatically display playback controls for
your preferred app.
 Typed search queries will also deliver results from more categories, including
sports schedules, Netflix movies, photos, videos and information inside apps.
 ESTIMATED COST: Free
 SEEING FUTURE: Apple chief executive Tim Cook introduces the new iPad Pro
during an Apple launch event in San Francisco PHOTOGRAPH: EPA

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekend


                         Copyright 2015 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           WeekendPost (South Africa)

                               September 12, 2015

Looking at latest from Apple

LENGTH: 969 words


APPLE is bolstering its money-pumping iPhone line while looking to dive deep
into businesses with iPads and dominate living rooms with Apple TV hardware
tuned to app-loving lifestyles.
 Tricked-out new iPhone 6 models, along with overhauled Apple TV hardware and
iPad Pro tablets with enlarged screens, were major announcements at the
technology titan's media event in San Francisco this week.


 South African iStore marketing coordinator Ashley Da Silva said: "We are very
excited about the products announced by Apple. We are awaiting confirmation on
local availability and will share this ... as soon as we can."
 Weekend Post breaks down some of the biggest announcements.
 iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
 Apple introduced two updated iPhones to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.
 The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.
 A key new feature is "3D touch", which responds to pressure exerted on the
screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications. By responding to
sensing pressure, the phones enable users to dip in and out of content without
losing their place.
 The 6S has the 12cm display of its predecessor and the 6S Plus - which updates
one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet category" - has the same sized
screen.
 But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body.
 The new iPhone models sport an improved iSight rear-facing camera capable of
shooting 4K video, up to 12MP from the predecessors' 8MP and front-facing 5MP
lens.
 A new feature named "Live Photos" creates a brief animation by extending the
captured moment, stitching several frames together.
 The new models will be shipped in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB versions.
  Both phones keep the sizing conventions of predecessor models the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches (12cm and 14cm) diagonally.
 Animated backgrounds will also be a new feature.
 ESTIMATED COST: R8845 (iPhone 6S 16GB); R10205 (iPhone 6S Plus 16GB)
 Apple TV
 Apple has unveiled a new gaming- focused version of its Apple TV set-top box in
an effort to challenge Sony and Microsoft's hold on the multibillion-rand gaming
industry.
 The new Apple TV can be controlled through a revamped version of digital
assistant Siri to search for and play films and TV programmes via voice command.

  Apple's music streaming service Apple Music will also be integrated into the
new operating system tvOS, which is based on the iPhone and iPad system iOS.
 Most significantly, tvOS will allow developers to create apps for the Apple TV,
opening up major opportunities for gaming. Netflix, HBO and Hulu apps will all
be available as well.
 "We believe the future of television is apps," Apple CEO Tim Cook said.
 Apple TV comes with a redesigned remote control that can be used for advanced
gaming features, and supports multi-player gaming.
 Games that will be available for it include the new Guitar Hero title, Disney
Infinity, Rayman Adventures, Super Bros Creator and Crossy Road.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R2030
 iPad Pro
 The iPad Pro features a 32cm screen and a far faster processor.
 The device is the third size of iPad, following the introduction of the
original iPad in 2010.
 The iPad Pro also is far more powerful, with a new A9 chip that Apple said made
it 1.8 times more powerful than the most recent iPad Air.
 "iPad is the clearest expression of our vision of the future of personal
computing," Cook said.
 The iPad Pro features a 10-hour battery life and four speakers.
 It is slightly thicker than the iPad Air at 6.9mm compared to 6.1mm.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R10886
 Apple Pencil
 The pencil, which allows users to apply different levels of pressure to the
iPad Pro for different effects when drawing, writing or using other apps, is the
first time Apple has made such an accessory.
 The iPad Pro stylus, called Apple Pencil, was designed for high-precision
illustration and 3D design applications.
 Apple's late founder Steve Jobs, introducing the iPhone in 2007, famously said:
"Nobody wants a stylus."
 ESTIMATED COST: R1349
 Apple Surface iPad Keyboard
 The "Smart Keyboard" is a case that fits around the iPad Pro but also includes
physical keys.
 ESTIMATED COST: R2302
 Hermès Apple Watch
 Alongside new gold and rose gold aluminium versions of the Apple Watch Sport
models, a collaboration with Hermès has resulted in a new selection of Apple
Watches in stainless steel with hand-stitched leather bands in distinctive
styles, comprising the Single Tour, Double Tour and manly Cuff.
 The Single Tour for the 38mm stainless steel case is a classic Hermès design
with a buckle that gives a nod to Hermès' equestrian heritage.
 It will be available in a selection of fauve Barenia, noir box and capucine
Swift leather.
 ESTIMATED COST: Starting at R14987.85
 iOS 9
  Siri, Apple's virtual personal assistant, has been updated for iOS 9 to be
more proactive.
  It will automatically suggest apps to launch or people to contact based on
usage patterns, and notify users when they need to leave for appointments,
taking into account traffic conditions.
 iOS 9 will learn what music you typically listen to in a certain location or at
a particular time of day, so when you plug in your headphones at the gym or get
into the car before work, it will automatically display playback controls for
your preferred app.
 Typed search queries will also deliver results from more categories, including
sports schedules, Netflix movies, photos, videos and information inside apps.
 ESTIMATED COST: Free
 SEEING FUTURE: Apple chief executive Tim Cook introduces the new iPad Pro
during an Apple launch event in San Francisco PHOTOGRAPH: EPA

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekend


                         Copyright 2015 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Iphone 7 may not spark much excitement; Better camera a plus, headphone jack a
minus

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP8

LENGTH: 558 words


Just like clockwork, September is here and with it a brand new iPhone line from
Apple Inc. And if this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's
iPhone, that's because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The dimensions of the new phones are
identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though the weight is slightly
less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50-per-cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates

the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually moving.
Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone

jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to music.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
The new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved low-light photos
with better detail and less graininess. The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting
optical stabilization as well, which features sensors that move the lens
slightly to fight against handshake movement and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you' ll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10 times, as opposed to the previous five times.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1,049, respectively, off
contract. You can read a comprehensive review at financial-Post.com.

Twitter.com/joshmcconnell !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; The only real usability
issue with the elimination of the headphone jack in the iPhone 7 is when you
want to charge your phone while listening to music. You won't be able to use
conventional headphones while charging.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 23, 2016 Tuesday 2:26 PM GMT

iPhone 6s smashes Samsung's new Galaxy Note 7 in latest app speed test;
The Galaxy Note 7 may look better on paper, but this test shows the iPhone 6s is
still more responsive

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 321 words


Apple's iPhone 6s is still the fastest smartphone on the market - beating
Samsung's brand new Galaxy Note 7 in a speed test, despite being nearly a year
older.

In a video by YouTube user Phone Buff , the two phones are shown performing a
series of tasks, including launching apps and rendering video.

Both phones go through two laps of the app test under timed conditions.

The iPhone 6s quickly takes the lead, and even ends up "lapping" the Galaxy Note
7, with a finishing time of one 1 minute 51 seconds, compared to 2 minutes 49
seconds for the Samsung handset.

The test results may come as a surprise to some, as - on paper at least - the
Galaxy Note 7 is the superior device.

Samsung's smartphone features a 14-nanometer Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 quad-core
64-bit processor and 4GB RAM - which make the iPhone 6s ' dual-core A9 processor
and 2GB RAM look fairly meagre.

However, as the test proves, specs aren't everything, and the close integration
of Apple's hardware and software appears to give the iPhone a significant
advantage over most of its Android competitors.

In other respects, however, the Galaxy Note 7 has a lot to offer. The new jumbo
smartphone features a stunning 5.7-inch edge-to-edge display, a 12-megapixel
camera, waterproofing, and wireless charging.

It also has an in-built iris scanner, meaning you can open the device from the
lock screen almost instantly by simply looking at its front-facing camera.

Meanwhile, Apple is gearing up for the launch of its iPhone 7 at the beginning
of September.

The new handset is likely to look almost identical to the iPhone 6s. However, it
is expected to feature a dual lens camera , twin external speakers, a
pressure-sensitive Home button and more discrete antenna lines .

Controversially, Apple is also planning to remove the headphone jack , according
to reports, suggesting that users will have to rely on wireless headphones or
buy new ones with a Lightning connector.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       July 26, 2015 Sunday 02:01 AM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Solar-powered and worried about looks

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 423  words


Click for image

Apple might as well just give up on coming out with an iPhone 6S or iPhone 7
after that, uh, devastating quarterly report in which it beat analysts'
estimates, saw earnings rise 38% and boasted of market share gains - only to see
its stock price plummet. But let's assume they're going to keep plugging ahead.

Solar power to the rescue

In of the most breathless posts we've come across in some time, the Express out
of the UK reports that "The Apple iPhone 7 might NEVER need to be recharged"
(their CAPITALIZATION). The secret sauce will be sub-touchscreen solar power
technology, for which Apple just received a patent.

Though by the end of this brief post, the reporter is already tamping down our
expectations, noting that the patent is vague, that such technology is really
not very new and that you just might not want to toss that Lightning cable quite
yet.

MNR Daily also piled on this news bit, and is hopeful that the technology could
address battery life shortcomings in the iPhone and Apple Watch. Though does
note that even if solar charging isn't just around the corner, power-saving
advances will be available in iOS 9 for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus later this
year.

Speaking of the iPhone 6S...

Slashgear points to a Nowhereelse.fr post about front panels being readied for
the iPhone 6S, as evidence that Apple is definitely planning to introduce new
iPhones this fall. Except it does not that the panels are really the same size
as those of the iPhone 6, so the Nowhereelse.fr photos don't really prove much
of anything.

Back to the iPhone 7

Slashgear, citing an Apple patent filing, reports that the iPhone 7 could
actually look more like the iPhone 4 than the iPhone 6.

Today we're having a peek at the possibility that the iPhone 7 could return to
its slightly more retro "4" roots in look and feel. A refined look that worries
more about fashionability than it does about falling to the ground, breaking
into a million pieces. We're talking about glass on the back of this next iPhone
, not just sides that are (once again) flat.

The patent involves techniques for cutting into "a highly reflective and smooth
surface," presumably on an iPhone.

Latest iPhone 7 concept

Ivo Maric and Tomislay Rastovac dropped their slick iPhone 7 concept design onto
the Internet this week via YouTube, showing off a metal frame, smooth sapphire
glass, 16mp camera, syncing via a new "Apple Dock" and wireless charging
capabilities.

BGR sees the concept as borrowing from both the old iPhone 4 and the new Samsung
Galaxy S6.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

Apple finds itself alone in the luxury smartphones slot, here is why;
In India, the Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus have no competitors when it comes
to pricing and for the Cupertino-tech giant this might just work.

BYLINE: Nandagopal Rajan

LENGTH: 717  words


In India, the Apple iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus have no competitors when it comes
to pricing and for the Cupertino-tech giant this might just work.

Recently, when Apple launched its latest version of the iPhone here, there were
a lot of oohs and aahs about the pricing. Yes, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have
their highest pricing in India, but that is no reason for people to suggest that
it was pointless to buy an expensive phone like that. Of course, a Micromax
phone priced at a fraction of the Apple phone can also get the job done as some
have suggested, but it is not about getting the job done, is it?

I have to bring in an analogy from the auto industry. We have quite a few
multi-crore Ferrari's roaring around Indian cities these days, but that does not
mean those people should have just bought a Tata Nano or Maruti Alto as these
very affordable cars too can get the job done of getting from point A to point
B. In fact, the people who buy these top end cars would rather not have a car
than be found dead in one of the cheaper models.

It is a bit like the water-diamond paradox, given that a car like the Alto is
cheaper to acquire, cheaper to run, cheaper to maintain and cheaper to own if
you look at how difficult, or downright stupid, it would be to even park a
Ferrari in most parts of India. Still the loud gas guzzling two-seater commands
a superb premium.

And that is the kind of space Apple finds itself in India at the moment. By some
strange quirk of fate this phone is in a pricing bracket where it is alone,
really alone. And it is not so in the rest of the world, where the barrier to
owning an Apple iPhone is not that high thanks to extended contracts that make
it an affordable monthly cost instead of a large one-time payment as in India.
In markets like the US, Apple makes more money by selling the ecosystem and not
the device itself.

India is different and Apple does not seem to be looking for a volume play here
at the moment. However, there is surely a lot of value in being in this
monopolistic spot. For one, I am convinced that smartphones lose their price
elasticity after a point - in India, I would put this at around Rs 50,000. Once
you hit that point, price really does not matter. Those who can afford to buy it
will do at at any cost in that range. If there is intention to spend Rs 50,000,
it is not tough to get that person to spend Rs 10,000 more. But if the intention
is to buy something that cost Rs 12,000 it is near impossible to get that person
to move to a Rs 15,000 price point and that is why the price competitiveness is
much more in the mid-range segment.

Apple, meanwhile, has its entry pricing at Rs 62,000 with its new phones, a bit
ahead of its biggest competitor Samsung's costliest phones. If you go into the
upper ranges, say the 128GB iPhone 6s Plus, there is no one to even offer
competition. Of course, there is the Vertu where you are buying a statement and
not really a very practical phone. But it is almost the same mindset that Apple
will play to at this price point, trying to appeal to people who just want to
say they can own one of these phones. If you are still comparing the iPhone with
a budget Android, then you should be clear that you can't really afford an Apple
phone. If you are buying the phone on an installment, let the credit card gods
help you.

Of course, you could choose not to be part of Apple's ecosystem and go for an
expensive Android phone like the Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ and there price won't
be the consideration as you can afford both the phones and have made an informed
choice.

Meanwhile, there is a good possibility that over the coming months you will see
some premium brands come out in this segment. Personally, I think HTC has
forgone its chance to be the one premium phone competitor for Apple.

The Taiwanese smartphone maker had all the right ingredients - an eye for
premium hardware, exclusive software and a decent ecosystem of apps - but seems
to have lost its recipe for now. Samsung might soon start offering more
expensive phones and try to secure a larger share of this premium segment. But I
won't be surprised if a lot of new brands start offering smartphones with unique
style quotient and features at the top end of the high-end segment. The luxury
smartphone segment has finally arrived.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

Apple Offers Discounts Rs 34k to Up Sales Worth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 498 words


In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones in less
than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating a
buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6sPlus, giving consumers discount of up to '
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade
partners of Apple in India said.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at ' '92,000 de .
62,000-.pending on memory and model, but sales were down 15-20% over last year
as iPhone 6 and 6Plus which hit the market last year were cheaper by '
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of the Ap

ple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out the buyback scheme in a
handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail chains in South India
which will be subsequently taken national. The other three distributors will
also follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its target of trebling
sales during the October-December quarter over last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
the buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to
increase sales in India since it did not expect such a weak launch for the new
iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners said.

"Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers
to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this
time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of

' 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. The company

has informed trade that it will also buy back select hi-end handsets of rival
Samsung. Apple has also created a separate website where retailers have to
upload details of old handsets against which new models will be bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at
711% discount since last week in ecommerce marketplaces such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers has led to a great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier II
cities," he said. .

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales.

However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive about
India's potential in the long run.The India price is . 14,000-16,000 more than
in ' markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor
sales in India are in stark contrast to the global picture where the new phones
are disappearing very fast from the shelves.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple releases new iPhones as China sales boom

BYLINE: Ren Qi in New York

LENGTH: 558  words


When Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook unveiled the newest versions of the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus on Wednesday, he also provided some optimistic numbers on the company's
business in China.

Reporters take photos of the all-new rose gold iPhone 6s Plus at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/
chinadaily.com.cn]

When Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook unveiled the newest versions of the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus on Wednesday, he also provided some optimistic numbers on the company's
business in China.

"The sales of iPhone grew 75 percent in China (in the last quarter), while the
rest of the industry declined 4 percent," said Cook, speaking at the launch
event in San Francisco.

Like their Western counterparts, Chinese users have always been willing to queue
up outside Apple Stores for the latest offering.

For the new iPhone, Apple said it used a strong grade of aluminum for the case,
similar to one used in the aerospace industry. The company hopes the stronger
material will quiet the "Bendgate" backlash, which erupted when some customers
complained that their 5.5-inch iPhone 6s's bent after being sat on.

Apple made other hardware upgrades such as with Touch ID, and to the phone's
processor and camera. Apple said the 12-megapixel camera of the new iPhone would
be a major improvement over the 8-megapixel cameras it has used for years. And
the 5-megapixel front-facing camera will bring the new iPhone on par with many
competing handsets.

Apple has improved its multi-touch capabilities with a feature called 3D Touch,
which uses added screen sensors to detect the difference between a light tap and
extended finger pressure to open different menus and functions for apps made by
Apple and outside developers.

However, some high-tech websites said that it is just a variation of what Apple
calls Force Touch on the Apple Watch, which is the same pressure-sensitive
capability that calls up secondary menus and actions when you press and hold the
screen.

Although Apple released other products Wednesday, such as a new Apple TV and new
iPad, the company cannot avoid questions from analysts that Apple overrelies on
the iPhone despite the fact that smartphone market is peaking worldwide.

Shares of Apple closed at $110.15 on Wednesday, down $2.16, or 1.9 percent.

"That's one big concern about Apple, that it's so dependent on the iPhone,"
Jerry Kim, a Columbia University management professor, told The Associated
Press.

Also, China may provide more iPhone revenue than the US does, but Apple still
isn't the most popular smartphone maker in the country. That title belongs to
Xiaomi Inc, which has many similarities to Apple in both design and marketing
but sells its top-end phones at cheap prices.

According to HIS iSuppli, Beijing-based Xiaomi sold more than 60.8 million
smartphones in 2014, 15 percent of the Chinese market, while Apple had an 11.5
percent share.

There is speculation that Xiaomi is about to launch a new smart watch to compete
with the Apple Watch. According to GizmoChina, the device could sell for 600
yuan (approximately $94).

It won't be Xiaomi's first wearable device. The company already has been selling
MiBand fitness band. The MiBank tracks users' movements and sleeping patterns
and is popular with Chinese youngsters.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/44/144186466852.jpg

b083fe95599f175b554103.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

In a first, Apple offers discounts worth Rs 34,000 to boost sales

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 506 words


KOLKATA: In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones
in less than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating
a buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6sPlus, giving consumers discount of up to Rs
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade
partners of Apple in India said.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at Rs 62,000-Rs
92,000 depending on memory and model, but sales were down 15-20% over last year
as iPhone 6 and 6Plus which hit the market last year were cheaper by Rs
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of the Apple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out
the buyback scheme in a handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail
chains in South India which will be subsequently taken national. The other three
distributors will also follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its
target of trebling sales during the October-December quarter over last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
the buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to
increase sales in India since it did not expect such a weak launch for the new
iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners said.
"Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers
to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this
time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said. The buyback price of Rs
34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. The company has informed trade
that it will also buy back select hi-end handsets of rival Samsung. Apple has
also created a separate website where retailers have to upload details of old
handsets against which new models will be bought. The buyback offer comes at a
time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at 7-11% discount since last week
in ecommerce marketplaces such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers has led to a great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier II
cities," he said.

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales. However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive
about India's potential in the long run.

The India price is Rs 14,000-16,000 more than in markets such as the US, Middle
East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor sales in India are in stark contrast to
the global picture where the new phones are disappearing very fast from the
shelves.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Apple gives iPhone a specs bump

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://www.dailynews.lk/sites/default/files/styles/story-300/public/news/20
15/10/04/z_piv-Apple-gives.jpg?itok=rBT7Rl0d" /> Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Oct. 5 -- Apple unveiled the latest version of its iPhone line at a
broad-ranging event that also saw the debut of a large-screen iPad, as well as
updates to its Watch and TV products.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

While iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus look very much like the existing versions,
Tim Cook, Apple's CEO, claimed that "we've changed everything about these new
iPhones".

The headline new feature is the addition of pressure sensing to the touch input,
an anticipated feature, although the name - 3D Touch - differs from the Force
Touch used in Apple Watch (it was inadvertently referred to as Force Touch in
the live demonstration).

The new technology detects the intensity of a press, for example enabling users
to peek into email content, or access app features from the icons on the home
screen through pressure-sensing menus.

While Huawei showed-off a similar technology in its new Mate S at IFA 2015 in
Berlin last week, the Chinese vendor is restricting the technology to a single
high-end version, availability of which has not been revealed. Apple,
contrastingly, has deeply integrated it with iOS 9.

"The 3D Touch improvements will give existing iPhone owners an important reason
to upgrade," wrote analyst firm IHS in a research note. "As their existing apps
are updated with 3D Touch, third party app developers will market the
improvements to their apps which will help Apple communicate the benefits of the
iPhone 6S, without Apple having to spend anything on advertising or marketing."

The other big update came in the iPhone's camera capabilities. As expected, the
main (rear) camera has been upgraded to 12MP from 8MP in the previous version
and also gained 4K video capture capabilities.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 3, 2016 Wednesday 10:18 AM EST

Recharging your devices via solar power just got cooler

BYLINE: Keith Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 438  words


Click for image

Over the past few years, I've tried out a several solar-powered recharging
devices, usually in conjunction with summer gift guides or other outdoor gadget
projects. For the most part, the solar chargers were big, bulky things that
required a lot of heavy lifting in order to recharge your much smaller
smartphone, and didn't seem worth the extra effort in lugging it around on your
travels. One exception - the very cool solar-powered flashlights and other
devices that incorporate the hand-crank generator.

p1GoalZero, one of the leaders in the solar power market, has upped its game a
bit. This week at the Outdoor Retailer Expo in Salt Lake City, the company
showed off some new devices aimed at shrinking the size and bulkiness of those
solar panels.GoalZero

The GoalZero Slide Battery lets you take an iPhone 6/6S (or 6 Plus/6S Plus)
inside an OtterBox uniVERSE case and slide in extra battery life.

p1

p1The Slide Battery (announced in May as part of a partnership with OtterBox,
shipping now) works with the OtterBox uniVERSE case (a modular design phone case
that lets you slide the extra battery directly onto the case) and provides extra
battery charge for the iPhone 6/6S ($54.99) and 6 Plus/6S Plus ($59.99). Just
slide the battery onto the case and you get the additional power for your
phone.GoalZero

The Nomad Folio solar recharger can connect to the GoalZero Slide Battery for
extra power for  the iPhone 6/6S and 6 Plus/6S Plus.

p2But even cooler is then connecting it with the Nomad Folio ($39.99 for iPhone
6/6S, $49.99 for 6 Plus / 6SPlus, shipping in Q4 2016) - this smaller solar
panel attaches to the Slide Battery module to provide "endless power" for the
iPhone (as long as the sun is out, one assumes). The Nomad Folio looks a lot
smaller and less bulky than previous solar panel devices aimed at recharging
smartphones and tablets, so I can't wait to try it out.GoalZero

For those times when you need to have the Sun power more than a smartphone (or
recharge it up to 100 times), the GoalZero Yeti 1400 provides lots and lots of
power (you can recharge a TV or refrigerator with its stored energy).

p2The company also launched the new lineup of its Yeti Lithium Solar Power
Stations, for serious solar recharging. The Yeti 400 and Yeti 1400 include
lithium cells and are hardcore solar generators - not only will it recharge your
phone between 30 and 100 times, you can also use it to power a TV or
refrigerator. This generator does come with a cost, however - $699.99 for the
Yeti and $1,999.99 for the Yeti 1400. Those will be available in Q1 2017.

p2But yeah, the sun is awesome, isn't it?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 6S beats Samsung S7 and S7 Edge in drop tests

LENGTH: 264  words


By tbreak Staff -

Samsung's latest S7 and S7 Edge may be waterproof, but they are not quite
sturdy.

According to SquareTrade, a company that focuses on extended protection plans
for gadgets, the Samsung S7 and S7 Edge may be more waterproof than the iPhone
6S, but might not take a fall as well as the 6S would. The company did a couple
of torture tests with the phones. When submerged in water, the Samsung S7 and S7
Edge functioned well, however the audio was permanently muffled and distorted,
while the iPhones did not fare so well. Although, the Samsung S7 and S7 Edge
were not designed to be used underwater, as the users have to wait for the
screen to dry before they use it.

With a drop test, it was revealed that the Samsung phones were more prone to
breaking than the iPhone 6S. Both the Samsung phones cracked when dropped onto
the sidewalk, but the Apple phones only had cosmetic damage. When put through a
tumbling test chamber, which is designed to mimic repeated drops, both the
Samsung phones had a lot of damage on the back and minor cracks on the screen.
The iPhone 6S had similar results, but the 6S Plus completely shattered.

When asked about this, a Samsung spokeswoman at Samsung Electronics in Seoul,
South Korea, did not immediately respond to a request for a comment, but said
that the company is looking into it.

SquareTrade is known for its protection plans which covers accidental drops in
toilets, bathtubs, exposure to rain, pools and oceans as well as other dangerous
contaminants such as chlorine and salt.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/18/145811992234.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Nziphone Introduces Fashion iPhone 6s Cases in Numerous Styles

LENGTH: 301  words


May 8 -- Nziphone offers a wide assortment of iPhone 6s cases in stylish designs
and colors. Buyers can find stand support covers for iPhone 6s in alluring
colors.

Nziphone also manufactures wallet type iPhone covers and cases that are strong
and rugged. The company also launches drop-impact resistant covers and cases in
different colors and styles.

A recent buyer comments, "I found the best iPhone cover from Nziphone at amazing
price rates. There are some beautiful colors and designs too at this website.
You can also find leather case and covers which are attractive and strong. I
ordered a magnificent iPhone 6 case with some of the best features."

There are note book type case and covers in pink and blue colors for iPhone 6.
IPhone covers with windows are also made available through this website. Buyers
can also find iPhone covers with durable and high quality cases. There are
covers and cases which can be attached to the arm while exercising.

Nziphone also introduces transparent covers and cases at affordable price rates.
Based on the website, "Nziphone.com is developed to showcase iPhone 6 cases and
covers. We have designed some of the best cases and covers in different styles,
colors and sizes. It is easy to find iPhone 6 cases through our website. We
endeavor to manufacture phone cases of your choice within the budget. You can
visit our website everyday to find new designs and styles to suit your taste and
lifestyle."

All the phone covers and cases are made with high quality materials and
manufactured in the basis of latest technology. It is long lasting and reliable.
IPhone 6s cases and covers made available through Nziphone.com can be availed at
reasonable price rates too.

To know more about Nziphone 6s cases and covers, please log on to:
http://www.nziphone.com/

Source: Nziphone

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

More Fruits from Apple Tree

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://media.newindianexpress.com/Apple.jpg/2015/09/18/article3034179.ece/a
lternates/w620/Apple.jpg" /> Chennai


Chennai, Sept. 18 -- Apple TV

When Steve Jobs introduced the first Apple TV, he referred to it as a hobby.
Seven years later, it is ready to take a starring role in our living rooms. And
it all comes to down to three things. One is the introduction of an app store
and the ability for app developers to make exciting new apps for the TV. Second
is a completely redesigned remote with a built-in trackpad that makes navigating
through apps on the TV very easy and work as a motion sensor so you can play
games with it. The third and the most important is the deep integration of Siri
into the TV so you can search for content, get weather updates and even rewind
using the virtual assistant. With Siri clever enough to know all the James Bond
movies starring Sean Connery, the inclusion of apps like Apple Music and games
like Asphalt 8, the new Apple TV promises to completely transform TV viewing.
When it is available later this year, the Apple TV will come in 32 and 64 GB
configurations.

iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

After the success of last year's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, it was obvious that
Apple would this year release the tock version with the names iPhone 6S and the
iPhone 6S Plus. Though the aluminium and its finish looks very similar to
previous iPhones, Apple claims that the new iPhones are made from a stronger
grade of 7000 series aluminium so the phones don't bend. The biggest upgrade is
the inclusion of 3D Touch, which lets users interact with elements on their
iPhone's screen by applying varying degrees of pressure. A simple tap on the
phone icon brings up the phone dailer, a harder press brings up a menu with most
favoured contacts. A harder press on the Facebook app will let users post an
update, a harder touch on a URL in a message will bring up the corresponding
website as a pop-up without having to go out of the messages app.

The camera has been upgraded to 12 MP, capable of taking exquisite photos and
recording 4K video. Other improvements include a faster Touch ID sensor, faster
processor and better wireless connectivity. The iPhone 6S has a 4.7-inch screen
and the iPhone 6S Plus has a 5.5-inch one. Both run on iOS 9 and are available
in 16, 64 and 128 GB configurations.

Apple Watch

The Apple Watch sport is now available in the same gold and rose gold colours as
the iPhones and has also gotten a bevy of new bands in beautiful colours ranging
from blue to vibrant red in collaboration with Bono's Product RED charity. The
steel Apple Watches get some new beautiful leather bands and Apple has also
teamed up with the luxury brand Hermes to produce some unique leather bands as
well as Hermes themed watch faces for the steel Apple Watch.

iPad Pro with Apple Pencil

iPads are becoming very important computing devices in the enterprise and in the
academic worlds. Apple wants to take it to the next level and wants to make sure
that the iPad becomes the de facto laptop replacement for the generations that
grew up with iOS. To the effect, Apple has introduced the iPad Pro. With a
12.9-inch screen packing more than six million pixels it has 78 per cent more
screen area than the iPad Air 2, and processing power that gives most laptop
computers a run for their money. It is unlike any other iPads and is
purposefully built for creating content rather consuming it. It has four new
high-fidelity speakers built into the aluminium unibody so you can edit a 4K
movie, play a game or watch a movie with great sound. Available in space grey,
silver and gold colours, the iPad Pro is super thin, lightweight and runs iOS 9.
This operating system has been tweaked to be most useful on the iPad by allowing
for two apps to run simultaneously side by side and other features like
Pro-active Siri virtual assistant. You can also get a purpose built keyboard
from Apple that easily connects to the iPad using three magnetic connectors or
even a stylus called the Apple Pencil which can sense force and acts just like a
real pencil with zero lag.

Matham is a tech geek.

Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 12:25 PM GMT

Apple fans in Newcastle queue for eagerly-awaited iPhone 6s in Eldon Square
shop;
As Apple predicts new model will break sales records, gadget geeks in Newcastle
and Gateshead were among the first in line

BYLINE: By Barbara Hodgson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


Gadget geeks got their hands on the new iPhone 6s which went on sale in
Newcastle's Eldon Square on Friday morning.

The Apple store geared up for a 8am launch as the eagerly-awaited iPhone 6s and
6s Plus hit the shelves of Apple stores across the UK, at suggested retail
prices ranging from £539 up to £789 for the 128GB iPhone 6s Plus model.

Nina Millington one of several students keen to bag their chosen gold, silver,
space grey or new rose gold metallic finish.

Londoner Nina, a 19-year-old starting a biomedical sciences course at Newcastle
University next week, was after the rose gold.

"I've always had Apple products and I've had my phone several years now," she
said.

"From what I've seen the new one is very good and very durable. It can do
everything I need it to do and the university has an app to timetable everything
which I can use."

There was a cup of free coffee for those who wanted it as the queue of up to 40
waited quietly for doors to open at 8am and they were allowed orderly access one
by one.

Among those near the front of the queue was Qingya Zhang, 25, a Newcastle
University banking and finance student, who queued for nearly two hours.

"It's exciting," he said. "I'm really happy because I've been waiting a long
time for this phone.

"This will be much better than my previous one. I want a gold Apple 6s."

Among the happy buyers was a 16-year-old from Gateshead who had borrowed money
from his parents to buy a £619 rose gold 6s which he took immediately out of its
box and Christopher Johnston, a student and part-time worker from Jesmond, who
said he wanted the new 6s because of its extra features and took advantage of a
day off to buy it.

"I considered the rose gold but wasn't sure so got the gold instead," he said.

Most were heading straight off to explore their new buys but Ben McLaughlin, a
product manager from West Allotment, was on his way to work.

"I might have a play at lunch-time," he said. The 36-year-old has also been
among the first to buy new Apple products in the past and this time made his
£750 purchase within 40 minutes of arriving.

He said: "This has been better than previously; it's been more organised."

George Hua, who had gone along with his friend and fellow student Martin Ma to
make purchases, said: "I wanted a phone I can use at least two years and I think
this is the best quality."

"I like the design, it's easy to use and high quality I chose space grey."

Over at the Metrocentre, Gateshead, there were also early plans in place, with
doors of the Red Mall opening at 6am ahead of the launch which saw the iPhone 6s
Plus go on sale nationwide at a suggested retail price of £539 for the 16GB
model, £619 for the 64GB model and £699 for the 128GB model.

The iPhone 6s Plus phones come with a price tag of £619 for the 16GB model, £699
for the 64GB model and £789 for the 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 25, 2016 Monday 10:47 AM GMT

Is this Apple's next iPhone? Leaked photo claims to show 'iPhone 5se' with
4-inch screen;
Apple is rumoured to be working on a new 4-inch iPhone model called the iPhone
5se, for customers who prefer a smaller screen size

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 349 words


A photo of what appears to be Apple's next iPhone has leaked online, with
reports suggesting it could be called the "iPhone 5se".

The picture shows a device that is similar in appearance to the 4.7-inch iPhone
6s and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID"
fingerprint reader.

It is pictured next to an iPhone 5 for scale, showing that the new device will
be roughly the same size as its predecessor, with a 4-inch display.

The image was first shared on the Dutch website One More Thing , which has a
history of reliable leaks. The site uncovered pictures of the iPad Air 2 display
two years ago, as well as the iPad Air design the year before.

A separate report by 9to5Mac on Friday claimed that the new device will be
called the iPhone 5se - not the iPhone 6c as previously thought .

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se is expected to launch in the Spring of 2016, alongside a new
version of the Apple watch, known as the Apple Watch 2 .

It will sell alongside Apple's existing phones, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus ,
which launched in September. However, it is expected to be significantly cheaper
, with KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo suggesting a price of between
$400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Apple's iPhone 7 is not expected to arrive until September 2016, but rumours are
already swirling about what features it could include, including a curved screen
and the removal of the "home" button.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will you be buying Apple's next iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Four main differences between the iPhone 6 and the 6S

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 220 words


At first glance, there isn't much to tell the iPhone 6 apart from the 6S. And
yet, Apple's latest smartphone does offer a few significant improvements,
especially on the photo and video side.

3D Touch technology

Just like its predecessor, the iPhone 6S has a 4.7 inch Retina HD display
(1334x750 pixels), now equipped with 3D Touch technology. This proprietary tech,
a derivative of the Force Touch found on the Macbook and Apple Watch, allows
users to control various functions depending on the pressure applied to the
screen.

New cameras
 Apple needed to take a giant step forward with its photo capabilities, so the
iPhone 6S now has a 12MP main camera (iSight) that is a significant step up from
the iPhone 6's 8MP. It also now includes the Live Photos feature that captures
the moments just before and after your picture and sets it in motion with just
the press of a finger. As for the front-facing camera (the FaceTime camera),
it's been upgraded to 5MP and can film in 1080p.

4K video
 As for video, Apple has introduced 4K filming (3840x2160 pixels) as well as
slow motion capture at a rate of 120 frames per second in HD (1080p). You can
also take 8MP photos while filming in 4K.

A new color
 In addition to silver, space grey and gold, the iPhone 6S (as well as the 6S
Plus) is also available in a new color, pink gold.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Chipgate: All iPhone 6S units won't give same battery life

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


NEW DELHI: It looks like some Apple iPhone 6S units come with a more efficient
chip than others.

While it was rumoured that Apple's new A9 chip that powers the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus was sourced from two different chipmakers - Samsung and TSMC (Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company), some video reviewers are reporting that
iPhones powered by TSMC made chip offers better battery backup.

Video reviewers Austin Evans and Jonathan Morrison have uploaded videos
comparing TSMC and Samsung powered models against each other and found that the
TSMC-powered unit was more efficient. After shooting and exporting a 10 minute
4K video with the two phones at 100% battery, Morrison found that the TSMC unit
had 62% battery left while the Samsung one had 55%. After repeating the test the
models had 24% and 10% battery.

Evans tested the phones with the Geekbench 3 battery test with 100% brightness
on both units. He found that the TSMC chip-powered iPhone 6S lasted 50 minutes
longer than the Samsung chip-powered model. The reviewer also noted that the
TSMC model ran at a cooler temperature. However, streaming videos resulted in
similar performance and there was just a 1% difference in battery consumption
between the two.

It's worth mentioning that real world performance could be different and most
users may not feel any difference. It's also not possible for users to know the
manufacturer of the chip before purchasing the iPhone. The only way is to run
some hardware tests or use an app like Lirum after setting up the phone.

However, it's expected that Apple, like any other device maker, should ensure
that all iPhone 6S units offer the same performance and battery life
irrespective of the component maker.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Mandurah Mail

                               September 25, 2015

New iPhone 6S hits Mandurah Telstra store

BYLINE: Laura Newey

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 115  words


One lucky woman was the first in line to receive the only iPhone 6S Plus stocked
at the Mandurah Forum Telstra store on Friday morning.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus were unveiled by Apple in San Francisco earlier this
month.

Mandurah Forum Telstra manager Jason Matesich said they had 100 iPhone 6Ss and
just one iPhone 6S Plus.

'We expect customers to be queuing outside the Forum doors by this afternoon,'
he said.

'I have all my staff working today and more stock arriving this afternoon.'

The new phones have front and rear cameras, upgraded processors and RAM,
always-on Siri, and a pressure-sensitive three-dimensional touch screen similar
to the force touch screen on the Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Adobe Lightroom update brings RAW support to iOS 10

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 255  words


The app's latest update lets iPhone 6S users and up shoot and edit in
uncompressed DNG format.

Adobe has updated its Lightroom app for iOS with a major addition; support to
capture and edit RAW files in the open-source DNG format.

In Lightroom 2.5, iOS 10 users can use the app's camera tool to take a photo,
and save the image with no loss of quality or compression. Of course, the
feature is limited to iPhones with the 12MP iSight camera, so it'll only work on
the iPhone 6S and 6S plus, iPhone SE, iPad Pro 9.7-inch, and the upcoming iPhone
7 and 7 Plus.

Apple's own camera app doesn't support RAW, but it does support third-party DNG
capture, which ADobe has jumped on. Aside from the added bonus feature for
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus users, this update is clearly aimed squarely at potential
iPhone 7 series users. Apple's new dual 12MP rear cameras and updated image
signal processor on the iPhone 7 Plus perfectly lend themselves to RAW capture.

RAW might not be everyone's cup of tea, what with the file size and processing
time needed, but Lightrooms 2.5 is an update that's sure to be a hit with
professional photographers and designers. It even has the option to sync to
Lightroom on your desktop via iCloud, if that's where you'd prefer to do your
editing.

The app is currently available for free on iTunes but you can expect more
updates on the way. Adobe themselves said in a blog post, "we're working to
profile the new sensors and lenses found in the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and will
have an update available as soon as possible."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Lookup partners with Sangeetha Mobiles to deliver iPhone 6S, 6S Plus

BYLINE: Ranjani Ayyar

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 406 words


CHENNAI: Lookup, the messaging app that recently procured $2.5 million funding,
has partnered with Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles to deliver Apple iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus to its users in Bangalore, Chennai and Hyderabad.

To make use of the offer, one needs to download the Lookup app, which connects
users to local businesses.

The user will then have to search for Sangeetha Mobiles and chat with the
customer care executives who will guide them through the process of pre-booking
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus which will be delivered on the day of the launch.

Payment can be made via cash on delivery, EMI payments or with debit/credit
cards. Users will also get a one-year warranty and insurance for the phone.

In case the price of the phones drop, Sangeetha Mobiles will issue a voucher for
the difference.

The offer is available till 12 am midnight on Thursday.

Deepak Ravindran, founder and CEO of Lookup, said, "We have integrated various
on-demand services on Lookup. Treading forward along those lines, on demand
mobile phones seemed like the obvious next step."

Lookup recently obtained Series A funding of $2.5 million in a round led by
Vinod Khosla's personal fund Khosla Impact which also saw participation from
Twitter co-founder Biz Stone, Infosys founder Narayana Murthy's Catamaran
Ventures and Global Founders Capital.

Other participants include Geneva-based ACE & Company, Singapore-based M&S
partners, Newx Look fashion chain founder Tom Singh, Lookout founder Kevin
Mahaffey and LivSpace founder and former Google Local head Anuj Srivastava.

In January this year, Lookup raised a total of $382,000 in its seed round from
Infosys co-founder Kris Gopalakrishnan, DeNA Japan, Beenos founder Teruhide Sato
and MKS Switzerland SA. They also participated in the current round.

Sangeetha Mobiles has 320 outlets spread all over India with a customer base of
around 7 million people and a turnover of Rs 900 crore.

Chandu Reddy, director of Sangeetha Mobiles, said, "We have always brought in
something new in the market. For us, it is never about the prices but it was
always to add more value to the customers as price protection is necessary.
Price drop is avoided as we are the pioneers in ensuring that if there is a
price drop in a particular product within 30 days of the purchase, we ensure
that the customers don't suffer from this as we refund the excess amount
personally to the customer."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      October 12, 2015 Monday 01:27 PM EST

Facebook takes advantage of 3D Touch on Apple's iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549  words


Click for image

Facebook has updated its iOS app to include support for 3D Touch, the new
gesture feature Apple introduced with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

3D touch is like a right-mouse button that provides a drop-down list of choices
on a touchscreen. A light touch on a notification or icon lets the user peek at
content and, with a little longer press, it pops open to an expanded view.
Lifting the finger lets the view collapse back to the original view. A light
touch on a link contained in a message will open it at the top of the screen in
Safari. This 40-second video explains how 3D Touch works.

Facebook's updated iOS app appeared on iTunes this morning. This shouldn't be a
surprise because Facebook's mobile-first development team, one of the best
mobile design and developer teams, always starts with iOS. To keep its lead,
Facebook is first to incorporate new features and will often roll them out early
to measure their response. This test has to be restricted to iPhone 6s users
because only these models support 3D touch.

On Facebook for the iPhone 6s, you get access to a few frequently used features
from a hard press on the Facebook icon, like upload photos and videos or write a
status update. At introduction, the iPhone 6s 3D Touch was only supported by a
few proprietary applications. Facebook isn't first - Instagram, Dropbox,
OpenTable, OpenTable, StubHub, News 360, Pinterest, and Evernote are some
examples of early 3D Touch adopters. Based on Apple's developer documentation,
incorporating the 3D Touch feature is a trivial task for programmers who are
familiar with how iOS views work.

3D Touch is hardware-dependent because it uses a special capacitive touchscreen
that gives the UI a third dimension. Capacitive touchscreens aren't new, but
Apple has made them new to smartphones. Before Touch 3D, touchscreens used
gestures in a flat geometrical plane with X and Y axes. Now, with a specially
designed screen with a layer that measures relative pressure, the screen UI gets
a Z axis and touch works nominally in three dimensions.

3D touch would not be as useful without more new hardware, the improved iPhone
6s Touch-ID fingerprint sensor. The new Touch-ID is about a half a second faster
compared to the iPhone 6 in giving the user access through the lock screen to
use Touch 3D-enabled apps. A slow authentication scheme would make the peak and
pop swiftness of Touch 3D much less valuable.

Android users can appreciate this because of the way notifications on top of the
lock screen work. The user can choose to show notifications on the lock screen,
and if seen whether or not the sensitive information is included in the
notifications on top of the lock screen. These Android notifications are
enormously useful, but they would be made more useful if the sensitive
information was concealed until the user was authenticated with a fingerprint
reader.

3D Touch isn't a breakthrough as Apple would have you to believe. It is,
however, a novel innovation that extends Apple's brand. It might become a
trademark UI feature like Apple's home button. Android can be expected to add a
similar third dimension to its user interface. And, in two years, almost every
smartphone midrange and better will have a three-dimensional user interface and
a fingerprint reader.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      January 25, 2016 Monday 10:40 PM GMT

Is this Apple's next iPhone? Leaked photo claims to show 'iPhone 5se' with
4-inch screen;
Apple is rumoured to be working on a new 4-inch iPhone model called the iPhone
5se, for customers who prefer a smaller screen size

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 356 words


A photo of what appears to be Apple's next iPhone has leaked online, with
reports suggesting it could be called the "iPhone 5se".

The picture shows a device that is similar in appearance to the 4.7-inch iPhone
6s and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID"
fingerprint reader.

It is pictured next to an iPhone 5 for scale, showing that the new device will
be roughly the same size as its predecessor, with a 4-inch display.

The image was first shared on the Dutch website One More Thing , which has a
history of reliable leaks. The site uncovered pictures of the iPad Air 2 display
two years ago, as well as the iPad Air design the year before.

A separate report by 9to5Mac on Friday claimed that the new device will be
called the iPhone 5se - not the iPhone 6c as previously thought .

Have your say in our comments section below

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se is expected to launch in the Spring of 2016, alongside a new
version of the Apple watch, known as the Apple Watch 2 .

It will sell alongside Apple's existing phones, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus ,
which launched in September. However, it is expected to be significantly cheaper
, with KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo suggesting a price of between
$400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Apple's iPhone 7 is not expected to arrive until September 2016, but rumours are
already swirling about what features it could include, including a curved screen
and the removal of the "home" button.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Will you be buying Apple's next iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6S & 6S Plus To Cost Higher In India Than Abroad

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 206  words


The much awaited iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are all set to be officially launched in
India. And, we all know that the smartphones will be coming with price tags
ranging from Rs 62,000 to Rs 92,000.

However, it is important to note that these price listings as found in
e-commerce sites such as Flipkart and InfiBeam, are believed to be more higher
than the price of the smartphone in the US.

While we know that the iPhone 6s 16 GB variant is priced at Rs 62,000 in India,
the same variant comes with a price tag of $649. If you convert it to Indian
Rupees, then its Rs 42,235. Also, the same model has been listed at S$1,048 in
Singapore which is approx Rs 48,295 in India.

According to The Economic Times, the new iPhones are 14 - 16 percent more
expensive in India than the iPhones that were launched last year.

Also, according to a source mentioned in The Economic Times, the increase in the
pricing in India might be a result of weak Indian Rupees and the duty charges
that have been raised when compared to the last year.

However, with the launch of the new iPhone models in India nearing and people
being able to pre-order the smartphones on InfiBeam, we just have to wait and
watch as to how would the Indian iPhone aspirants take this pricing.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

At last, the perfect iPhone for people with tiny hands;
WELLS AND TRULY

BYLINE: Peter Wells

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Livewire; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 561 words


Following the recent launch of the iPhone SE and iPad Pro, a friend of mine and
long-time Apple enthusiast described the event as like "Apple's greatest hits,
volume two". I saw that sentiment mirrored several times: this was old tech in a
shiny new box, or in the case of the iPhone SE, a box that was first seen in
2013.

It's easy to dismiss the iPhone SE as the guts of an iPhone 6s in an iPhone 5
case. Even if you view the iPhone SE on that level, I think it's an interesting
and unprecedented move from Apple to release a device that is comparable to its
six-month-old flagship while still costing $500 less.

The last time Apple made a mid-range iPhone, the iPhone 5c, it was clearly
inferior to the rest of the line-up. It had a year-old processor and camera, and
while I loved the candy-coloured cases, for some it screamed "cheap".

Here, Apple has made better compromises to lower the price; we have last year's
Touch ID sensor, the front-facing "selfie camera" is just 1.2 megapixels and
there's no 3D Touch, which brought contextual menus to iOS. But Touch ID is fast
enough, I never take selfies and I rarely used 3D Touch, so for me, these are
the perfect compromises.

Yes, it's an old look, but the iPhone 5s was a great design, and reusing it no
doubt helped Apple keep the price down.

The phone feels solid in the hand, less slippery than the iPhone 6s, and the
boxy design makes it an easier point-and-shoot camera to hold.

And what a camera. Right now, the two best smartphone cameras are found in the
iPhone 6s and the Samsung Galaxy S7. Both are brilliant in their own way. That
the iPhone SE contains the same camera as the 6s makes it a smartphone
photography bargain.

And of course, with a flagship A9 processor inside, the SE is crazy fast. iOS 9
can feel a little cramped - it was clearly designed with larger screens in mind
- but after a few days of missing tap targets I was back into the swing of the
smaller screen.

What I wasn't expecting was the great battery life. After a full day of
tweeting, listening to podcasts, taking photos and generally staring at the
screen, I still had 40 per cent battery at 6pm. Turning on low power mode in iOS
9 removed any fear the SE wouldn't last until it made it back to a charger.
That's the kind of battery performance I would see in the giant iPhone 6s+ and
larger Android phones, and better than I was getting from the 6s.

The iPhone SE will be a niche device. Larger phones are far more popular, the
market has shown. But there's still room for smaller devices, especially one
that is packed with high-end features. I suspect Apple will sell a tonne of
these to enterprise customers and those rare few of us who prefer smaller
devices.

As someone with tiny hands who could never really stretch their thumbs across
the iPhone 6 keyboard, and had no chance with the iPhone 6+, the smaller phone
is a joy to type on. In fact, I've typed most of this review on it, with a quick
edit on an iPad.

The iPhone SE is simply the best smaller phone I've used. It betters its only
real competitor, the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, thanks to a more reliable camera,
faster performance, and the consistency, simplicity and polish iOS 9 has over
Android. And it's $170 cheaper.

The iPhone SE is not for everyone, but for those looking for a smaller, cheaper
phone with a flagship feel, it's easily the best option available.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A little goes a long way with the new iPhone SE. Photo:
Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

At last, the perfect iPhone for people with tiny hands;
the expert view - WELLS AND TRULY

BYLINE: Peter Wells

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Livewire; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 561 words


Following the recent launch of the iPhone SE and iPad Pro, a friend of mine and
long-time Apple enthusiast described the event as like "Apple's greatest hits,
volume two". I saw that sentiment mirrored several times: this was old tech in a
shiny new box, or in the case of the iPhone SE, a box that was first seen in
2013.

It's easy to dismiss the iPhone SE as the guts of an iPhone 6s in an iPhone 5
case. Even if you view the iPhone SE on that level, I think it's an interesting
and unprecedented move from Apple to release a device that is comparable to its
six-month-old flagship while still costing $500 less.

The last time Apple made a mid-range iPhone, the iPhone 5c, it was clearly
inferior to the rest of the line-up. It had a year-old processor and camera, and
while I loved the candy-coloured cases, for some it screamed "cheap".

Here, Apple has made better compromises to lower the price; we have last year's
Touch ID sensor, the front-facing "selfie camera" is just 1.2 megapixels and
there's no 3D Touch, which brought contextual menus to iOS. But Touch ID is fast
enough, I never take selfies and I rarely used 3D Touch, so for me, these are
the perfect compromises.

Yes, it's an old look, but the iPhone 5s was a great design, and reusing it no
doubt helped Apple keep the price down.

The phone feels solid in the hand, less slippery than the iPhone 6s, and the
boxy design makes it an easier point-and-shoot camera to hold.

And what a camera. Right now, the two best smartphone cameras are found in the
iPhone 6s and the Samsung Galaxy S7. Both are brilliant in their own way. That
the iPhone SE contains the same camera as the 6s makes it a smartphone
photography bargain.

And of course, with a flagship A9 processor inside, the SE is crazy fast. iOS 9
can feel a little cramped - it was clearly designed with larger screens in mind
- but after a few days of missing tap targets I was back into the swing of the
smaller screen.

What I wasn't expecting was the great battery life. After a full day of
tweeting, listening to podcasts, taking photos and generally staring at the
screen, I still had 40 per cent battery at 6pm. Turning on low power mode in iOS
9 removed any fear the SE wouldn't last until it made it back to a charger.
That's the kind of battery performance I would see in the giant iPhone 6s+ and
larger Android phones, and better than I was getting from the 6s.

The iPhone SE will be a niche device. Larger phones are far more popular, the
market has shown. But there's still room for smaller devices, especially one
that is packed with high-end features. I suspect Apple will sell a tonne of
these to enterprise customers and those rare few of us who prefer smaller
devices.

As someone with tiny hands who could never really stretch their thumbs across
the iPhone 6 keyboard, and had no chance with the iPhone 6+, the smaller phone
is a joy to type on. In fact, I've typed most of this review on it, with a quick
edit on an iPad.

The iPhone SE is simply the best smaller phone I've used. It betters its only
real competitor, the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, thanks to a more reliable camera,
faster performance, and the consistency, simplicity and polish iOS 9 has over
Android. And it's $170 cheaper.

The iPhone SE is not for everyone, but for those looking for a smaller, cheaper
phone with a flagship feel, it's easily the best option available.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A little goes a long way with the new iPhone SE. Photo:
Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                              FRI REGIONAL Edition

Apple won't report first-weekend sales of its iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Dow Jones Newswires

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 285 words


Apple Inc. doesn't plan to disclose first weekend sales of the iPhone 7, in a
departure from its past practice.

Apple has disclosed the figures for its new iPhones the past eight years. Last
year, for example, Apple said it sold 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones in
their first three days of availability, up 30 percent from initial sales of the
iPhone 6 models the prior year.

Some analysts and investors have viewed the numbers as a gauge of enthusiasm for
the new phones. Apple said the figures are less relevant than in the past.

Apple is "now at a point where we know before taking the first customer preorder
that we will sell out of iPhone 7," the company said Thursday in a statement.
"These initial sales will be governed by supply, not demand, and we have decided
that it is no longer a representative metric for our investors and customers."

Indeed, although initial orders for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus exceeded those for
the prior year, that momentum appears not to have been sustained. Apple doesn't
break out sales by model, but iPhone sales have declined in the past two
quarters from a year earlier.

There is another reason why comparisons with past years may not be relevant: The
iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available for preorders in 28 countries beginning
Friday, more than double the 12 countries in which the iPhone 6s was initially
available last year.

Apple's initial weekend sales numbers probably do represent supply, said Toni
Sacconaghi, an analyst with Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. However, he added, Apple
sometimes provides another count the number of preorders taken in the first 24
hours of sales that was a decent measurement of demand. Apple isn't providing
that number this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Comparison: HTC 10 vs iPhone 6S vs Sony Xperia Z5 Premium vs Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 506 words


NEW DELHI: Taiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC has launched its flagship
smartphone HTC 10 in India. Priced at Rs 52,990, the Android Marshmallow-based
smartphone comes with fingerprint sensor and a USB Type-C and will compete with
the likes of Samsung Galaxy S7, Apple iPhone 6S and Sony Xperia Z5 Premium.
Although you'll have to wait for our complete review of the smartphone to know
if it performs as well as these phones, here we have compared the specifications
of HTC 10 smartphone with those of Apple iPhone 6S , Sony Xperia Z5 Premium,
Samsung Galaxy S7 .Read on to know which is the best buy for you: Display HTC 10
: 5.2-inch (1,440x2,560 pixels) resolution QHD super LCD displayiPhone 6S:
4.7-inch (750x1334 pixels) LED-backlit IPS LCD, capacitive touchscreen, 16M
colorsSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 5.5-inch (2160x3840 pixels) IPS LCD capacitive
touchscreen, 16M colorsSamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch (1440 x 2560 pixels) Super
AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors Operating systemHTC 10: Android OS,
v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)iPhone 6S: iOS 9Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Android OS, v5.1.1
(Lollipop), upgradable to v6.0 (Marshmallow)Samsung Galaxy S7: Android OS, v6.0
(Marshmallow) StorageHTC 10: 32/64GB inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card
up to 200GB iPhone 6S : 16/64/128GB inbuilt storage Sony Xperia Z5 Premium:
32GB, microSD card up to 200GBSamsung Galaxy S7: 32/64GB, microSD card up to
200GB RAMHTC 10: 4GB RAMiPhone 6S: 2GB RAMSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 3GB RAMSamsung
Galaxy S7: 4GB RAM Rear cameraHTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser autofocus,
dual-LED (dual tone) flashiPhone 6S: 12MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection
autofocus, dual-LED (dual tone) flash Sony Xperia Z5 Premium : 23MP, f/2.0,
24mm, phase detection autofocus, LED flashSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP, f/1.7, 26mm,
phase detection autofocus, OIS, LED flash Front cameraHTC 10: 5MPiPhone 6S:
5MPSony Xperia Z5 Premium: 5.1MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MP Battery HTC 10 :
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh batteryiPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715mAh
battery (6.9 Wh)Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Non-removable Li-Ion 3430mAh battery
Samsung Galaxy S7: Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh battery ConnectivityHTC 10: 2G,
3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothiPhone 6S: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothSony Xperia Z5
Premium: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Samsung Galaxy S7 : 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi,
Bluetooth ProcessorHTC 10: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processoriPhone 6S: A9
processor Sony Xperia Z5 Premium : Octa-core Snapdragon 810 processorSamsung
Galaxy S7: Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processor MiscellaneousHTC 10: Fingerprint sensor, NFC, USB Type-C, HTC's
BoomsoundiPhone 6S: 3D Touch, Live Photo, Fingerprint sensor, Proactive
AssistantSony Xperia Z5 Premium: Waterproof, Dustproof, Sony Quick Charger
(UCH10)Samsung Galaxy S7: Waterproof, Fast Charging, Liquid cooling technology,
Always On display, Dual pixel camera PriceHTC 10: Rs 52,990iPhone 6S: Rs
62,000Sony Xperia Z5 Premium: Rs 62,990 Samsung Galaxy S7 : Rs 48,900


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Biz Break: Google wins with cars, loses in Russia

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 602 words


Today: Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices. Also: Apple believes it will set a record for sales
of its new iPhone 6S and Phone 6S Plus devices, although some production snags
may loom.

The lead: Win one, lose one for Google

Good news and bad news arrived on Monday for Mountain View-based Google, and
investors decidedly focused on the sour notes for the technology titan.

Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices.

Yandex -- to some known as "the Google of Russia" -- had filed a complaint with
Russia's Federal Anti-Monopoly Service. Yandex had asked the court to order
Google to unbundle its services from the Android operating system and the apps
platform in the Google Play Store.

Separately, Google is looking to push in a big way into the business of
self-driving cars that it's been testing. The company has hired a veteran
executive from the auto industry to run that business.

Google says it's hired John Krafcik, president of online car-shopping service
TrueCar. Krafcik is expected to join the Google automotive endeavor during the
next few weeks and will be chief executive officer of the enterprise.

Krafcik, before joining TrueCar, held executive positions with Ford Motor and
Hyundai Motor. Krafcik had a stint as president of Hyundai's U.S. business.

Google fell 0.4 percent Monday, or $2.83, to $652.47.

SV150 market report: Apple sales strong for new iPhone, but is there a
production snag?

Cupertino-based Apple says it's on track to set records for sales of its new
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, according to a statement the tech giant released
to CNBC.

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," the company said
in a statement. "We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit
first-weekend record when the new iPhones go on sale Sept. 25."

However, it appears some production snags could complicate Apple's quest to meet
the sturdy demand. The iPhone 6S could be in limited supply at its launch
because of production issues related to the backlight component. A KGI
Securities analyst issued a note to investors Monday revealing potential issues
for Apple supplier Minebea. Apple has placed rush orders with competing supplier
Radiant.

Apple shares rose 0.96 percent, or $1.10, to $115.31.

Menlo Park-based Facebook is reportedly working on a virtual reality app that
would change the way people look at videos on phones connected to the social
network. The virtual reality app would be available on both Android devices and
the iPhone. Facebook shares rose 0.28 percent, or 26 cents, to $92.31.

And now that Microsoft has launched Windows 10, the Washington software behemoth
is preparing a major announcement on Oct. 6 that will be centered on Windows 10
devices.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, Gilead, Juniper, Facebook, Zynga, Tesla

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Twitter

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 1.82, or 0.11
percent, to 1,646.07.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 16.58, or 0.34 percent, to
4,805.76.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 62.13 or 0.38 percent, to
16,370.96.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 8.02, or 0.41 percent, to
1,953.03.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Biz Break: Google wins with cars, loses in Russia

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business; High-Tech; Columnists; Opinion;
Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 603 words


Today: Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices. Also: Apple believes it will set a record for sales
of its new iPhone 6S and Phone 6S Plus devices, although some production snags
may loom.

The lead: Win one, lose one for Google

Good news and bad news arrived on Monday for Mountain View-based Google, and
investors decidedly focused on the sour notes for the technology titan.

Google found out Monday a Russian court ruled that it violated Russia's
antitrust laws by requiring that manufacturers pre-install its search and
services on their devices.

Yandex -- to some known as "the Google of Russia" -- had filed a complaint with
Russia's Federal Anti-Monopoly Service. Yandex had asked the court to order
Google to unbundle its services from the Android operating system and the apps
platform in the Google Play Store.

Separately, Google is looking to push in a big way into the business of
self-driving cars that it's been testing. The company has hired a veteran
executive from the auto industry to run that business.

Google says it's hired John Krafcik, president of online car-shopping service
TrueCar. Krafcik is expected to join the Google automotive endeavor during the
next few weeks and will be chief executive officer of the enterprise.

Krafcik, before joining TrueCar, held executive positions with Ford Motor and
Hyundai Motor. Krafcik had a stint as president of Hyundai's U.S. business.

Google fell 0.4 percent Monday, or $2.83, to $652.47.

SV150 market report: Apple sales strong for new iPhone, but is there a
production snag?

Cupertino-based Apple says it's on track to set records for sales of its new
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus , according to a statement the tech giant released
to CNBC .

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," the company said
in a statement. "We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit
first-weekend record when the new iPhones go on sale Sept. 25."

However, it appears some production snags could complicate Apple's quest to meet
the sturdy demand. The iPhone 6S could be in limited supply at its launch
because of production issues related to the backlight component. A KGI
Securities analyst issued a note to investors Monday revealing potential issues
for Apple supplier Minebea. Apple has placed rush orders with competing supplier
Radiant.

Apple shares rose 0.96 percent, or $1.10, to $115.31.

Menlo Park-based Facebook is reportedly working on a virtual reality app that
would change the way people look at videos on phones connected to the social
network. The virtual reality app would be available on both Android devices and
the iPhone. Facebook shares rose 0.28 percent, or 26 cents, to $92.31.

And now that Microsoft has launched Windows 10, the Washington software behemoth
is preparing a major announcement on Oct. 6 that will be centered on Windows 10
devices.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Apple, Gilead, Juniper, Facebook, Zynga, Tesla

Down: Google, Oracle, Intel, Cisco, HP, eBay, Yahoo, Netflix, Twitter

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 1.82, or 0.11
percent, to 1,646.07.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 16.58, or 0.34 percent, to
4,805.76.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 62.13 or 0.38 percent, to
16,370.96.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 8.02, or 0.41 percent, to
1,953.03.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, photo shows Google's headquarters
in Mountain View, Calif. Google on Monday, Aug. 10, 2015 announced it is
changing its operating structure and will become part of a holding company
called Alphabet. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches new iPad Pro, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

LENGTH: 289  words


APPLE has officially announced the launch of a new, bigger tablet computer
called the iPad Pro.

The technology giant also used a live event to unveil the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus,
which come both come with a pressure sensitive screen that uses technology
called 3D Touch where applying more or less pressure to a tap opens new
shortcuts.

They will, as rumoured, come in a rose gold colour finish too.

The new iPhones will go on sale on September 25, with pre-orders for the devices
beginning on September 12, starting at £539 for 6s and £619 for the 6s Plus

The firm's chief Tim Cook called the iPad Pro the "biggest news in iPad since
the iPad" as he unveiled the device on stage at the live event in San Francisco.
The iPad Pro will have a 12.9 inch screen with more than five million pixels.

Mr Cook called it "our vision of the future of personal computing".

The iPad Pro will come with a stylus called the Apple Pencil. This is despite
late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs famously once saying: "If you see a stylus,
they blew it."

A keyboard for the Pro was shown off too, clearly marking the Pro as a major new
rival for Microsoft's popular Surface line of tablets.

A UK price is yet to be confirmed for the iPad Pro but it will go on sale in
November.

A much rumoured revamp of the Apple TV was also confirmed, with Apple's voice
assistant technology Siri now integrated to use in searches.

The Apple TV has also had its interface and software overhauled in order to
compete with the likes of Amazon's Fire TV box and service.

There was also a fashion conscious aspect to the live show in San Francisco, as
Apple introduced a new line of Apple Watch straps, as well as a partnership with
brand Hermes to create a collection of the smartwatches.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone lust: Temptation and guilt

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 838 words


Apple wants to sell millions more units - so isn't its eco-pitch a bit rich,
asks Lee Suckling .

--------------------

It's hard not to be cynical of Apple's product strategy any more. Another year
(or in this case, half year), another "revolutionary" iPhone.

Slimmer, faster, larger, more expensive. And of course, another reason to
replace a perfectly good device with something slightly more desirable.

The environmentally conscious among us are often left wondering, isn't this
strategy a massive contributor to large-scale consumer waste?

With constant chat about climate change and both commercial and personal eco-
footprints, it's difficult to fathom how buying a new smartphone could possibly
be a good - or, at least, neutral - move for the planet.

At Tuesday's keynote event - hosted by chief executive Tim Cook at Apple's
Cupertino, California campus - the company took the opportunity to prove to us
that it's part of the solution, not the problem when it comes to eco- conscious
consumerism.

Ninety-three per cent of Apple facilities worldwide are run on renewable energy.

All paper and packaging from iPhones are responsibly sourced and sustainable.

All iPhone trade-in programmes see the devices reused in countries such as
India. And when a product doesn't get refurbished, it gets dismantled by a
purpose-built Apple robot named "Liam", which "recovers" materials and
"reintroduces" them into the global supply, Cook said.

In short, Apple wants you, the average consumer, to know it's more than just
21st century capitalist conquests and marketing tricks. How does all of this
line up with Apple's latest product launch?

We're told that Apple is still selling 30 million 4-inch iPhone 5S smartphones
each year, despite the model being more than two years old and having been
surpassed by two larger models.

On April 1, that beloved 4-inch shape will be re-released as the iPhone SE
(Special Edition).

In essence, it's an iPhone 6S in an older body. It has the A9 chip and all of
the other speedy hardware of the 6S series but comes with a more entry-level
price of $749 (16GB).

Rather than dropping the traditionally-accepted $1000+ for a new iPhone, this is
Apple's bid at targeting ordinary consumers who simply want a powerful phone at
an affordable price.

Consider the SE as another part of Apple's global domination goal. It's one more
product offering to convince people to buy into the Apple family if they weren't
already.

The market for phones of this size is one of two types of people: Those who are
entering the world of smartphone ownership for the first time, and those who
simply enjoy a smaller phone for their pocket.

While Cook and his team insist there's plenty reason to "upgrade" to this
device, there's no reason to do so unless you just want a phone that's smaller
in the hand and an easier fit in a snug pair of jeans.

For many consumers, myself included, this is what we're after. I've not used an
iPhone for the last year because I found the 4.7-inch size of the 6S (and even
more so, the 5.5-inch 6S Plus) too aesthetically cumbersome.

I like a smaller phone, and have now been given a reason not to buy the
still-available 5S model (which retails for $799), and instead, go for something
three times faster and $50 cheaper.

There's nothing physically new about the device - in the hand it looks and feels
exactly the same as the older 5S - and everything under its metal unibody can be
found in the iPhone 6S, save for the superfluous 3D Touch feature that was
introduced in 2015.

Though I'll be given a loan model of the iPhone SE when it's released, it's also
a phone I would probably buy for myself.

When asked by a friend who is looking to buy a smartphone for the first time,
potentially a parent or even a grandparent, it's probably the phone I'd
recommend because of iOS's ease of use.

And of course, first-time smartphone users aren't typically interested in
something the size of a small paperback novel like the iPhones 6S and 6S Plus
are.

The only major other product update was a smaller iPad Pro, the same size as the
current iPad Air 2 (9.7-inches).

It's faster than the Air 2 and has some neat features such as Night Shift mode,
which eases night-time eye strain by adjusting the blue light balance.

Hands-on it looks and feels no different to the Air 2, but can now dock to a
keyboard and will likely become a legitimate competitor to the Microsoft Surface
Pro series.

I went in cynical to this product launch and expected another Apple reinvention
of the wheel, and that's exactly what we've been provided with.

I do like knowing, however, that the iPhone SE is the result of consumer demand
and appears to be made with a responsible, waste- less future in mind.

Whether that's an Apple marketing trick or 21st century capitalist conquest on
its own, or not, is up to you to decide.

Lee Suckling travelled to California courtesy of Apple.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple vice president Greg Joswiak introduces the iPhone SE, left, next to its
bigger brothers, the 6S and 6S Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone lust: Temptation and guilt

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 838 words


Apple wants to sell millions more units - so isn't its eco-pitch a bit rich,
asks Lee Suckling .

--------------------

It's hard not to be cynical of Apple's product strategy any more. Another year
(or in this case, half year), another "revolutionary" iPhone.

Slimmer, faster, larger, more expensive. And of course, another reason to
replace a perfectly good device with something slightly more desirable.

The environmentally conscious among us are often left wondering, isn't this
strategy a massive contributor to large-scale consumer waste?

With constant chat about climate change and both commercial and personal eco-
footprints, it's difficult to fathom how buying a new smartphone could possibly
be a good - or, at least, neutral - move for the planet.

At Tuesday's keynote event - hosted by chief executive Tim Cook at Apple's
Cupertino, California campus - the company took the opportunity to prove to us
that it's part of the solution, not the problem when it comes to eco- conscious
consumerism.

Ninety-three per cent of Apple facilities worldwide are run on renewable energy.

All paper and packaging from iPhones are responsibly sourced and sustainable.

All iPhone trade-in programmes see the devices reused in countries such as
India. And when a product doesn't get refurbished, it gets dismantled by a
purpose-built Apple robot named "Liam", which "recovers" materials and
"reintroduces" them into the global supply, Cook said.

In short, Apple wants you, the average consumer, to know it's more than just
21st century capitalist conquests and marketing tricks. How does all of this
line up with Apple's latest product launch?

We're told that Apple is still selling 30 million 4-inch iPhone 5S smartphones
each year, despite the model being more than two years old and having been
surpassed by two larger models.

On April 1, that beloved 4-inch shape will be re-released as the iPhone SE
(Special Edition).

In essence, it's an iPhone 6S in an older body. It has the A9 chip and all of
the other speedy hardware of the 6S series but comes with a more entry-level
price of $749 (16GB).

Rather than dropping the traditionally-accepted $1000+ for a new iPhone, this is
Apple's bid at targeting ordinary consumers who simply want a powerful phone at
an affordable price.

Consider the SE as another part of Apple's global domination goal. It's one more
product offering to convince people to buy into the Apple family if they weren't
already.

The market for phones of this size is one of two types of people: Those who are
entering the world of smartphone ownership for the first time, and those who
simply enjoy a smaller phone for their pocket.

While Cook and his team insist there's plenty reason to "upgrade" to this
device, there's no reason to do so unless you just want a phone that's smaller
in the hand and an easier fit in a snug pair of jeans.

For many consumers, myself included, this is what we're after. I've not used an
iPhone for the last year because I found the 4.7-inch size of the 6S (and even
more so, the 5.5-inch 6S Plus) too aesthetically cumbersome.

I like a smaller phone, and have now been given a reason not to buy the
still-available 5S model (which retails for $799), and instead, go for something
three times faster and $50 cheaper.

There's nothing physically new about the device - in the hand it looks and feels
exactly the same as the older 5S - and everything under its metal unibody can be
found in the iPhone 6S, save for the superfluous 3D Touch feature that was
introduced in 2015.

Though I'll be given a loan model of the iPhone SE when it's released, it's also
a phone I would probably buy for myself.

When asked by a friend who is looking to buy a smartphone for the first time,
potentially a parent or even a grandparent, it's probably the phone I'd
recommend because of iOS's ease of use.

And of course, first-time smartphone users aren't typically interested in
something the size of a small paperback novel like the iPhones 6S and 6S Plus
are.

The only major other product update was a smaller iPad Pro, the same size as the
current iPad Air 2 (9.7-inches).

It's faster than the Air 2 and has some neat features such as Night Shift mode,
which eases night-time eye strain by adjusting the blue light balance.

Hands-on it looks and feels no different to the Air 2, but can now dock to a
keyboard and will likely become a legitimate competitor to the Microsoft Surface
Pro series.

I went in cynical to this product launch and expected another Apple reinvention
of the wheel, and that's exactly what we've been provided with.

I do like knowing, however, that the iPhone SE is the result of consumer demand
and appears to be made with a responsible, waste- less future in mind.

Whether that's an Apple marketing trick or 21st century capitalist conquest on
its own, or not, is up to you to decide.

Lee Suckling travelled to California courtesy of Apple.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple vice president Greg Joswiak introduces the iPhone SE, left, next to its
bigger brothers, the 6S and 6S Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Fans cheer new iPhone debut

BYLINE: Muzaffar Rizvi

LENGTH: 631 words


The sale will gain momentum without any fear of shortage as telecom operators
and power retailers have received enough inventories from Apple to meet demand.

Apple's new iPhones - 6S and 6S Plus - made a smooth and successful official
debut in the UAE as telecom operators and major retailers started its sales from
Saturday at 12.01am at major malls and outlets in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sharjah and
Ras Al Khaimah.

Abdul Haq from Syria, Mina from Egypt and Manomehdi from India were among the
first buyers of Apple's latest device at the du headquarters in Dubai, where a
long queue of the popular brand's fans started to build up at 11pm in a bid to
become among the first to get hold on the new smartphones.

The sale will gain momentum without any fear of shortage as telecom operators
and power retailers have received enough inventories from Apple to meet the high
demand in the country, according to industry insiders.

Read: Why you should head to an Apple retailer after reading this

Both telecom operators - etisalat and du - are expected to face stiff
competition in sales as all major retailers in the UAE got the supplies of the
new iPhones directly from Apple for the first time. Telcos and retailers made
special arrangements to launch the new devise in the country, with some stores
remaining open as late as 4am on Saturday.

Samer Majzoub, vice-president for premium segment at du, said new iPhones are
expected to generate good sales numbers due to its growing demand in the market.

Read: Customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at du Shops across UAE

"We have more than 2,000 pre-bookings for post-paid plans as well as a similar
number for standalone devices. The growing enquiries from customers are
indicating high demand for new iPhones," Majzoub told Khaleej Times at the
launch event.

He said du launched the new devices at 18 outlets across the UAE to cater to the
high demand against the earlier plan to have it only in two flagship stores in
Abu Dhabi and Dubai.

"Our sales expectations are very high and most du shops will remain open late
night to serve maximum number of customers. The demand is more for iPhone 6S,"
he said.

To a question, Majzoub ruled out any shortage of the new iPhones and said the du
logistics teams are well prepared to meet high demand from customers.

"We have sufficient stocks from Apple and we can cater to the demand in a
minimum possible time at any du outlet in the UAE," he said. The rush was also
seen at major retailers in Dubai and Sharjah as people started queuing up in
front of Jumbo Electronics and Emax outlets in major malls.

"I'm very excited to upgrade my iPhone 6 with the new version and can't wait
until morning," said David, a student from Italy at a Knowledge Village-based
institution. The same went with Khalil Ahmed from Pakistan and Sri Lankan
national Sarfraz, who were keen to get the new device.

"I'm a regular Apple user from the last three years and want to try the new
features in the iPhone 6S," Sarfraz, a graphic designer by profession, told
Khaleej Times.

The iPhone 6 was the most popular smartphone in the UAE during second quarter,
according to the latest report from Telecommunications Regulatory Authority. The
latest version, which was globally launched on September 25, is now officially
available in the UAE, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia.

"We are thrilled with the turnout of early Saturday's events in Abu Dhabi and
Dubai - which once again corroborated the positive aspects of the local market
performance. We are once again adding value to the lives of our tech-savvy
customers by giving them the latest and best technology offerings," said Fahad
Al Hassawi, chief commercial officer of du.

- muzaffarrizvi@khaleejtimes.com

http://imgs.syndigate.info/28/44/41/144457574616.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2015 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 12, 2015 6:30 AM EST

Old models challenge iPhone 6s in China

LENGTH: 263  words


Despite Chinese customers' insatiable hunger for the new Apple  smartphone
models, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus still face  challenges, with the
biggest likely from old models.

A research  note shows the previous models, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, enjoyed
stellar sales before the new handsets were released in September, which  may
encroach the market expansion of new models, Xinhua news agency  reported.

The two previous recent models were the best-selling  smartphones in China from
June till August, according to a report of the  UK-based market research company
Kantar Worldpanel.

"Buyers  mentioned clarity and resolution, camera quality and screen size as the
three most important purchase drivers," said Tamsin Timpson, strategic  insight
director of the company's Asia branch.

In the three-month circle, smartphone sales represented 84 percent of overall
phone sales in China.

The  report did not reveal what is behind the favour for the last models,  but
it is a common phenomenon that some Chinese consumers, especially  iPhone
buyers, are inclined to choose the older version with favourable  prices ahead
of new product release.

So far, the new models have performed well in the Chinese market, the world's
second largest after the US.

Apple sold around three million iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the week after
the launch, according to media reports.

In  the US, however, market share for Apple iOS between June and August was  at
its lowest point since August 2014, as customers waited for the new  products to
become available in September, the report showed.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2015 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

iPhone SE launches in S'pore with little fanfare

BYLINE: Lester Hio

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 256 words


It was an iPhone launch the like of which has not been seen in recent years: no
snaking queues or rush by consumers eager to be the first one here to get their
hands on the latest model.

The petite 4-inch iPhone SE was released yesterday in 12 countries, including
Singapore.

But unlike previous unveilings of flagship Apple iPhone models, this was a
relatively muted affair, with no overnight queues - despite two out of the three
telcos not offering pre-orders as they have in the past.

Last September's launch of the Apple 6s and 6s Plus saw fans line up a day early
even in the midst of the haze.

Both M1 and StarHub accepted only walk-in sales for the SE yesterday, though
Singtel took pre-orders.

The iPhone SE is a very different phone from Apple's flagship models, being a
mid-range phone with a smaller form.

With a display size of 4 inches, it is much smaller than the 4.7-inch and
5.5-inch displays of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus respectively.

It is also significantly cheaper. The 16GB and 64GB models cost $658 and $828
respectively without telco subsidies, compared with the $1,048 price tag on the
16GB iPhone 6s.

IDC Asia-Pacific Research manager Kiranjeet Kaur attributed the slow response to
the fact that the phone is targeted at a niche segment of users who want a small
phone due to personal preference.

"Everyone has moved on to larger screens," she said.

"Singaporeans are hooked on their smartphones and consuming content like videos
and games. So a small screen is not what fulfils their requirement at this
point."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

iPhone lovers get in line for newest model

BYLINE:  Meghan Harris

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 332  words



HIGHLIGHT: Latest phone a leap in technology


CRISTIAN Nugent woke up at the crack of dawn to make sure he was the first in
line in Toowoomba to get the latest iPhone.

The iPhone 6s was released yesterday and Apple enthusiasts were queuing at the
Telstra Shop Grand Central from 6am.

Mr Nugent said it was worth the wait to be one of the first people in Toowoomba
to have the new iPhone.

"I've had all the iPhones and the new technology on this phone just looks
awesome," he said.

"I think there is always so much hype around the new phones because people like
to have the latest and best things.

"It's pretty exciting to be one of the first people to own one plus it's cool I
have a pink phone now."

As the first person to walk away with the new iPhone, Mr Nugent received a pair
of Beats Studio headphones, valued at $400.

"I expected to walk away with a new phone but not a pair of headphones as well.
It's been a good morning," he said.

The features of the new iPhone 6s include 3D touch, upgrade to the front-facing
and live photos. It's also faster and has sturdier glass.

Telstra Shop Grand Central store leader Ian Bryant said there were 28 staff
members working to keep up with demand.

"This time of year is iPhone Christmas. The rush starts now and will continue
for up to four weeks," he said.

"There are a lot of people out there who have been waiting for this phone to
come out.

"Every September Apple brings out a new iPhone and at Telstra we have new phone
feeling, which means customers can upgrade every single year without having to
cancel their contract.

"This is an in-between model and normally they only have minor changes but the
iPhone 6s is a huge leap forward in technology.

"It is amazing and all future technology will take after it."

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

Colours are black, silver, gold and rose gold

3D Touch lets you "peek" by pressing lightly or "pop" by pressing harder.

New 64-bit A9 chip that is 70% faster

Second generation touch ID fingerprint sensor

12 mega pixel iSight camera and a five mega pixel front-facing camera

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

American Express cardholders in Canada get access to Apple Pay

LENGTH: 210 words


American Express has enabled its cardholders in Canada using the latest iPhone
models to use Apple Pay.

Apple Pay can be accessed by eligible Canadian consumer, small business and
corporate cards issued by Amex Bank of Canada.

Apple Pay will be supported on iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPad and Apple Watch.

The service enables American Express cardholders across Canada to make purchases
both in store with compatible Apple devices at participating American Express
contactless merchants, and for making purchases within participating apps
accepting American Express.

Cardholders can pay in store with their Apple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, as well as pay within apps through iPad Air 2, iPad
mini 4 and iPad mini 3.

Cardholders using an eligible American Express Card in Apple Pay can receive
real-time notifications and details for all purchases, along with seamless
connection to the Amex Mobile App for effective account monitoring, servicing
and access to rewards information.

Moreover, security is ensured as a card in Apple Pay is tokenised with a
different number than the cardholder's plastic card, with every payment
authorised with Touch ID or a passcode prior to the processing of the
transaction.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Apple reports record weekend sales of the new#124iPhone 6s, 6s Plus

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 486 words


Reuters

San Francisco

Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their
first weekend of availability in 12 markets, setting a record for its marquee
product.

Although sales surpassed analysts' expectations of 12 million to 13 million
units, shares of Apple fell more than 1 per cent. This suggested investors
remained sceptical that Apple can improve on the demand for the previous iPhone,
which propelled the company to its most profitable quarter ever, said IDC
analyst John Jackson.

"Topping what the iPhone 6 achieved looks like a tall order, even for Apple,
with its history of outdoing itself," he said.

The iPhone 6 had set the previous record of 10 million unit sales in its first
weekend, but the figures did not include China, where regulatory problems
delayed the gadget's debut last year.

Analysts had said Apple was virtually assured to set a first-weekend record for
iPhone sales with the inclusion of China, which many expect will soon be the
company's largest market.

But several analysts said the 6s figures, which also included the United States,
Australia and the UK, suggested Apple was on pace to lift iPhone sales slightly
from last year.

Analyst Shannon Cross of Cross Research said she was impressed by Apple's
ability to drum up consumer interest in a device with relatively modest
improvements over the iPhone 6,whose new, larger screens touched off a sales
frenzy.

"It's indicative of the strength of Apple that you have at least as many people
wanting the iPhone 6s," she said.

The sales figures gave a glimpse of Apple's performance in China, whose economic
downturn has been a source of great angst for investors.

FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives estimated that Apple sold more than 2
million iPhones in China over the weekend.

"Demand out of China looks white-hot," he said.

The weekend also marked the debut of Apple's upgrade programme, which allows
users to receive a new iPhone each year for monthly installments starting at
$32, regardless of their carrier.

Many customers over the weekend appeared to be participating in the program,
Cross said, although the plan may prove more popular among the earliest buyers
of the new iPhones.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the program could help boost sales as
consumers begin to put off replacing their smartphones.

Apple is also benefiting from a weak field. New phones from chief rival Samsung
Electronics have received a lukewarm reception, and other manufacturers seem to
be stuck playing catch-up, Jackson said.

Apple said the new iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional
countries starting on October 9, reaching more than 130 by year-end.

The new phones have improved cameras and a display technology called 3D Touch,
which responds based on how hard users press their screens.

Apple relies heavily on sales of the iPhone, which generated nearly two-thirds
of its revenue in the latest quarter.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Photos: Robot waits in line for iPhone 6s at Palo Alto Apple store

BYLINE: San Jose Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 114 words


Brianna Lempesis operated a robot from San Diego to virtually wait in line to
purchase a new iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto on Friday. And she/it
got one.

"I'm in line like everybody else, I just have a different body," Lempesis told
ABC-7 News . "I am number 15 in line. Some people have left chairs here and
they're not really here, so I feel like I'm being really fair by being here and
I'm committed to being here the entire time."

Lempesis and her robot were among thousands of people (we're pretty sure the
rest were people) around the world to line up to be among the first to buy
Apple's latest smartphones , the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which went on
sale Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brianna Lempesis, operating a robot from San Diego, leaves after
purchasing an iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept.
25, 2015. (John Green/Bay Area News Group)
Brianna Lempesis, operating a robot from San Diego, waits in line to purchase a
new iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25, 2015.
(John Green/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday
                              CourierMail Edition

JUST IN CASE YOU GET IT WET

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: SWITCHEDON; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 209  words


FRE FOR I PHONE 6S LIFEPROOF ****1/2

The iPhone 6S is almost identical in size to the iPhone 6 but when you're taking
your phone underwater that "almost" can make a big difference.

In most cases, a case that will fit an iPhone 6 will also fit an iPhone 6S. That
is because the newer 6S is just 0.2mm thicker than its predecessor.

But with waterproof cases, depending on the design, that extra thickness can
make a difference.

You can fit your iPhone 6S into an old Lifeproof 6 case but Lifeproof says you
shouldn't. Although the case closes, and is probably as dustproof and drop proof
as ever, the extra thickness of the phone adds pressure to the seal and could
affect the case's ability to be waterproof.

It's a fraction larger to account for the extra phone's thickness but you won't
notice that with the naked eye.

The one major difference, and it's a handy one, is the hole for the Lightning
charging cable is now larger, making it more likely that non-Apple charging
cords will fit with the case.

Being the Fre design, it has a clear plastic screen on the front but that
doesn't stop the use of Touch 3D.

It still has the waterproof, dustproof and drop-proof standards that have made
Lifeproof the standard other tough cases aspire to meet.$100 / LIFEPROOF.COM

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

Apple's 'peek and pop' won't leave you hard-pressed to master your phone

BYLINE: CHRIS GRIFFITH, TECH REVIEW

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 625  words


The iPhone 6s makes a quantum leap in several directions

After two weeks with iPhone 6S, I'm already an addict. I'm hooked on its peek
and pop.

Sure, iPhone 6s looks like its predecessor. But this is the most important
iPhone upgrade for years.

The hardware is not spectacularly different, but the 6s changes the way we
interact with phones. With the new 3D Touch feature, many important smartphone
operations are just a tap away.

Peek and pop are the pet names Apple gives to its 3D Touch feature. Accessing
information is radically quicker. You press the display harder than normal to
take a peek at information, then press even harder, until you feel a pop, to
access it.

Peek and pop is everywhere. When I hard press on an email in my inbox, a window
floats above the inbox showing its first lines. If I let go, the floating window
vanishes, and I'm back at the inbox.

Or, with my finger still pressing the display, I can flick left and right to
delete an email, or mark it as read/unread, or flick upwards to access another
menu, which appears underneath. If I press harder again, the window pops and the
email permanently opens. Your prodding finger can obscure text, but the
game-changing benefit is that it just takes a few taps.

Email is just the start. Hard pressing on a text message gives you a quick
reply, a hard press on Apple Maps drops a pin and generates directions to a
destination, its phone number or opens its website.

Browsing in Safari, hard pressing a link previewed its web page, or opened it in
a new tab, or copied the address, and so on.

There are more than 20 Apple apps using this feature, and dozens of third-party
developers won't be far behind.

Its usefulness goes beyond triggering menu options. When I hard press on Apple's
soft keyboard, it turns into a useful trackpad with simple cursor control.

Peeking and popping certainly compress enormous functionality into a couple of
taps. There are also quick actions. Popping gives you new ways of using apps. If
I press hard on the camera icon, I can take a selfie, record a video or slow
motion, or snap a photo.

iPhone 6s introduces live photos, where the camera quietly snaps three seconds
of video when taking a still. Apple is not first here; HTC rolled out a similar
feature called Zoe two years ago.

Phone photography is mostly about social events and conviviality, so a little
video and audio isn't out of place. My live photos of a Sydney rock concert
preserved flashing stage lights and samples of music; it encapsulated the
moment.

Live photos does double your use of storage. Each time I took one, the camera
generated two files: a regular .JPG still and a MOV movie file of 2-3 megabytes.

You can load a live photo as wallpaper on the home and lock screens. I imagine
live photos of wriggling babies will be popular on parental phones. Full
synching of live photos across devices don't seem to work yet. You get the still
image on synched devices but no motion. With Facebook supporting live photos by
year's end, and other apps adopting it, it should prove popular.

iPhone 6s shoots 4K video at 30 frames per second, but you don't switch this
setting on in the camera app. Instead you do a deep dive into "Photos & Camera"
in settings, which seems convoluted. You can zoom and pinch during recording and
during playback.

Other features include higher resolution 12 and 5-megapixel cameras, a faster A9
processor with faster graphics, and a new sensor for Touch ID, which greatly
increases the speed of fingerprint recognition.

The iPhone 6s and big brother iPhone 6s Plus may not seem a radical change, but
peek and pop are truly a quantum leap.More on iPhone 6s in The Australian on
September 29. Chris Griffith travelled to the launch in San Francisco courtesy
of Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Apple's best India quarter yet as iPhone shipments cross 800,000

BYLINE: shruti dhapola

LENGTH: 483  words


Apple's October-December quarter for India was its best ever in the country with
iPhone shipments crossing 800,000, according to research firm Counterpoint
Research. This is significant growth if one considers that Apple shipped a total
of 1.7 million iPhones in India for its entire fiscal year 2015, which ends in
October. Apple will reveal results for Q1 of 2016 on January 26.

Counterpoint's senior analyst Tarun Pathak said Apple's sales grew due to
price-cuts and aggressive marketing campaigns, which included EMIs and buyback
schemes. Last quarter, even the latest iPhone 6s series. which launched at a
considerable markup in India, saw rare discounts, unusual for new Apple devices.

Watch our video review of the Apple iPhone 6s Plus
(http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TMU19HBCt4k)

"India saw one of the fastest rollout of Apple's flagship during the quarter.
Though the initial sales were hurt by the steep pricing, and the overall
portfolio pricing wasn't as stable as compared to a year ago, it picked up pace
along the quarter. A wider distribution network than ever before also helped
boost sales; Apple now has five distributors in the country and thus has more
reach," said Pathak.

Counterpoint's data shows that Apple's numbers were also up thanks to the sale
of older iPhone models like iPhone 5s, which saw a massive price-cut and was
retailing at a price-segment of Rs 20,000 during the quarter. Pathak adds that
the price-cuts, coupled with aspirational value attached to the Apple brand,
helped it win over more users.

Must see: Apple iPhone 6s, 6 get discounts: Here are the best deals
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/mobile-tabs/apple-
iphone-6s-iphone-6s-plus-price-cut-discount/)

While India's smartphone market is dominated by Android OS with players like
Samsung and Micromax holding on to the top two positions, Apple still generates
considerable buzz. More recently, the company indicated that it is taking the
Indian market much more seriously and will be bringing in Apple Stores to the
country soon.

"India is now one of the high potential market in APAC region beyond China for
Apple, not only in terms of volume, but also the massive scale and opportunity
that lies ahead," says Pathak.

An Apple spokesperson recently confirmed
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/tech-news-technology/apple-stores-i
n-india-soon-company-seeks-govt-approval-for-retail-stores/) that the company
had filed an application with the the Department of Industrial Policy and
Promotion (DIPP) to set up its retail outlets. The development takes place comes
after the government relaxed the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy for
single brand retailing.

Also read: Apple Stores in India soon? Company seeks govt approval for retail
stores
(http://indianexpress.com/article/technology/tech-news-technology/apple-stores-i
n-india-soon-company-seeks-govt-approval-for-retail-stores/)

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus coming on November 13

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 308

LENGTH: 98  words


Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus coming to Pakistan on November 13 with its official
distributor Future Tech. The most advanced iPhones ever, sales beginning on
November 13 (Friday) at 18:00 PST in Futuretech and at Advance Telecom retail
outlets across Pakistan. Future Tech is planning for the big events in three
locations, ie at Dolmen Mall Karachi, Fortress Stadium Lahore and Centaurus Mall
Islamabad Hundreds of people are expected to line up on November 13 at Apple
outlets in Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad for the launch and to be the first ones
to buy the new iphone 6s and 6s Plus.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ARE THE LATEST APPLE PRODUCTS WORTH A BITE?

BYLINE: Nicholas Fearn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 708 words


THAT time of the year has come and gone www.again.No, I'm not talking about
Christmas or Easter - I'm on about Apple's annual September event.

This year's took place in San Francisco on September 9 and saw the
California-based tech giant announce the longrumoured iPad Pro and iPhone 6S/6S
Plus, as well as a new Apple TV.

Without a doubt, the biggest announcement is the iPad Pro, Apple's rival to the
Microsoft Surface.

The tablet - as the name suggests - is purely aimed at a business to business
audience.

Its 12.9-inch retina display is perfect for typing out important documents and
emails on the go, and if you're in need of extra precision in this department,
you can get yourself a dedicated keyboard cover. But it's pricey, retailing for
$169 (about £110) in the US.

The iPencil is another dedicated iPad pro accessory. The stylus allows you to
jot down notes and doodles within specialist apps, which, of course, is going to
be handy if you're a creative type.

However, again, it's quite expensive. In the US, it costs $99 (about £65).

Anything else cool? The Pro also comes with Apple's powerful, new 64-bit A9X
chip, with third-generation 64-bit architecture, which the company says is
capable of providing desktop-quality processing power and console-quality
graphics.

You get iOS 9 right out of the box, Apple's new mobile operating system, meaning
access to services like the App Store and Apple Music.

While core apps such as Mail, Notes and Siri have been improved, there are a
variety of new features. In the case of the iPad, you have Split View. This
allows you to do two things at once - perfect if you're busy with work on the
train but want to check out your messages.

The iPad Pro will be available in November, along with the accessories mentioned
above - just in time for Christmas.

It'll be available in three metallic finishes: silver, gold and space grey. As
for memory, you'll have to choose between 32GB or 128GB.

Other big announcements include the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. They're identical in
terms of design when compared to their predecessors - the 6 and 6 Plus - but
that's not to say you need to be disappointed.

They carry a number of exciting internal improvements and headline features.
Most exciting of all is 3D Touch, which introduces new ways to use and
experience the iPhone just by adding pressure to the display.

For example, if you press on the iPhone's display lightly, you're able to peek
at emails in your inbox. And if you want to open one, you simply press a little
harder. Awesome, right? The 6S also comes with a 12-megapixel camera, beefed up
from the eight-megapixel offering we saw on the iPhone 6. Features include
geo-tagging, touch focus, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording,
face/smile detection, HDR and "Live Photos". The latter, which is new, allows
you to reveal the moments before and after a photo was taken just by pressing on
it harder than usual.

There's a five-megapixel camera on the front, too. And what's quite neat is that
when you take selfies, you have the ability to use your display as a flash.

Like the iPad Pro, the 6S is powered by Apple's third-generation 64-bit chip,
A9, which is apparently 70% faster CPU and 90% faster GPU performance compared
to its predecessor, the A8.

What does this mean in reality? A faster performance and supposed improved
battery life.

The 6S and 6S Plus are available to purchase now.

You can get both models in gold, silver, space grey and rose grey - with the 6S
starting at £539 and the 6S Plus.

Prices get more expensive as the memory capacity gets bigger.

Last, but certainly not least, is the new Apple TV.

It runs with the new tvOS operating system - based on iOS - and enables iOS
developers to create apps and games for the Apple TV.

These will be available to download in the new Apple TV App Store.

It comes with the new Siri Remote, which allows you to search for content using
Apple's personal assistant.

While Siri is far from perfect, it's still going to be a useful way to find
stuff you want, instead of sifting through content libraries. The remote's touch
surface also makes things easier. With it, you can fluently browse through
films, games and apps.

It'll be available to purchase in 32GB and 64GB models at the end of October.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: New iPhone 6s models are on display at an Apple store in Tokyo as Apple
launched the sales of the latest models of its popular ¦smartphone in Japan KOJI
SASAHARA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             August 9, 2016 Tuesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Apple set to unveil new iPhones

BYLINE: Mark Gurman, Bloomberg News, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP3

LENGTH: 581 words


Apple Inc. is preparing to unveil successors to the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
as early as next month with more advanced photography capabilities and upgraded
hardware in a design similar to that of last year's models, according to people
familiar with the matter.

The standout features will be a dual-camera system on the larger iPhone, a
re-engineered home button that responds to pressure with haptic feedback and the
removal of the devices' headphone jack, said the people, who didn't want to be
identified discussing unannounced features. Apple declined to comment.

While iPhone demand has waned in recent quarters, partly due to the lull between
product launches, the device continues to be the major source of Apple's
revenue. The new models will be critical to the holiday quarter, and Apple is
counting on the phones to prop up sales ahead of an expected iPhone overhaul in
2017, the device's 10th anniversary.

It has, however, hit a potential snag in Russia. On Monday, the country's
Federal Anti-Monopoly Service said it had opened a case into price-fixing
allegations concerning Apple iPhones. "The Anti-Monopoly Service sees signs of
price fixing violations in the Russian Federation at Apple iPhone resellers,
which resulted in the same prices for these smartphones," it said.

The anti-monopoly body said it had opened its case after an appeal from a
citizen with information that identical prices had been set for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s

Plus models, which appeared in Russia in October 2015, at 16 major resellers. It
said that an investigation had showed that resellers had set identical prices
and kept them at that level for a certain time period, including for other
models.

MTS, one of the resellers mentioned in the anti-monopoly service's statement,
declined a request for comment. Euroset, another firm mentioned, denied it had
coordinated prices with anyone. Moving away from the typical two-year iPhone
redesign cycle, this year's models will look similar to the 6 and 6S, the people
said, adding that there will still be noticeable tweaks. The new iPhones will
retain the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes as their predecessors, the
first of which was introduced in September 2014. Apple will remove the two
innermost antenna lines that run across the back of the current iPhones, the
people added.

The dual cameras on the larger new iPhone will produce brighter photos with more
detail, according to a person who has used a prototype version. Both sensors,
which each capture colour differently, simultaneously take a picture, and the
device produces a single, merged photograph, said the person.

The dual system sharpens photos taken in low-light environments, the person
said. The combination of the merged photos from the two camera sensors also
allows users to zoom while retaining more clarity, the person added.

Apple is also planning an updated home button for the new models. Current home
buttons are switches that physically press into the phone, but the new models
will have a pressure-sensitive button that provides feedback to the user via a
vibrating haptic sensation rather than a true physical click, according to the
people. This mechanism is similar to that of the trackpads on the latest MacBook
line. 9to5Mac reported on the home button design earlier.

Apple's shares were little changed at US$107.78 at 9:36 a.m. in New York. The
stock was up 2.1 per cent this year through Friday. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple unveils new iPhone 6S, 6S Plus

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 157 words


Apple on Wednesday unveiled two updated iPhones, aiming to build on the success
of its large-screen handsets introduced late last year.

The new smartphones are the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, keeping the same overall
dimensions of the last version.

"They look familiar, but we have changed everything about these iPhones," chief
executive Tim Cook said at a San Francisco media event.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch" which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

The new iPhones will use the upcoming iOS 9 operating system, which supports new
features such as 3D touch.

The 6S will include the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its
predecessor and the 6S Plus -- one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" -- has a 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
and a new aluminum body.

soe-rl/sst

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             chesterchronicle.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCHEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             chesterchronicle.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCHEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:46 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket , something which has remained
consistent throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours and what you could expect from the new handset;
The Apple iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, but rumours are already
circulating about the iPhone 7 and the changes we could see in the new handset

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple could be making huge changes to its next handset in 2016.

And although the iPhone 6s hasn't been out for long, rumours are already rife
about what we can expect from the next mobile phone.

It isn't set to come out until the end of next year if Apple sticks to its
schedule, it should be released around September time.

But that hasn't stopped fans speculating already, just remember to take the
rumours with a pinch of salt!

1. The biggest rumour according to Japanese site MacOtakara is that Apple could
be scrapping the 3.5mm headphone socket, something which has remained consistent
throughout the changes to each handset since the first iPhone model.

This would then allow them to shave 1mm off the phone's casing and create an
even slimmer model than the iPhone 6s which is 6.9mm in total.

2. The same site also say that there are a number prototypes with "ruggedized"
features which could see Apple create its first water-resistant phone.

3. It could have a completely new design as Apple usually overhaul the handset's
look every two years and the iPhone 6s is very similar to the iPhone 5.

This means that the screen, camera and features could all be different. One
rumour around the changes to the screen is that Apple will change from an LCD
display to an OLED one, which is what Samsung uses on many of its phones.

4. The iPhone 7 is set to have iOS10 software and an upgraded processor which
should have more power and better efficiency.

5. Apple's new iPhone could also include a built-in panic button feature that
locks the gadget and transmits a warning signal to the emergency services.

The rumours are that the home button could also serve as a potential panic
button which could make the iPhone inaccessible to anyone other than its owner.

Other features that could also be part of the panic button addition include
switching on the camera and microphone to record who is using the phone and in
the event of a theft, recordings could be sent to the police to help them find
the stolen handset.

6. It's expected to cost around the same as the iPhone 6S which is currently on
sale starting from £539.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Apple to partner Vodafone, Airtel for iPhone 6s India launch

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 594 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as
vendor partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India
a blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.

India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration, customers
can choose to buy the phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's
retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on instalments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex.

"It continues to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban
smartphone users," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India." Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007,
ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only over
the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of Rs 300 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             March 25, 2016 Friday
                              Worcester TG Edition

What you get, give up with iPhone SE

BYLINE: The Associated Press

LENGTH: 630 words


NEW YORK -- Unless you take a lot of selfies or need a bigger phone, Apple's new
4-inch iPhone SE is a good choice at a good price.

You get the same 12-megapixel rear camera that's in the much larger iPhone 6S,
but for $250 less, at about $400. You also get the same speeds and graphics
capabilities.

Of course, you don't get everything. The SE isn't going to be right for
everyone, especially power users. Now that Apple has started taking orders, with
shipments due in a week, keep these differences in mind:

n Most noticeable is the front camera. The SE has an older 1.2-megapixel camera
-- not the 5 megapixel one in the 6S. But with software improvements, selfies
taken with the SE came out better compared with the iPhone 5S it replaced. In
addition, the SE's screen turns into a front-camera flash. That's more important
than megapixels in darker settings.

n Though you get the same rear camera as the 6S, you don't get an
image-stabilizing feature found in the jumbo iPhone 6S Plus. This won't matter
to most people, though. I typically have to blow up shots and look real closely
for differences. You get the same options for panorama shots, slow motion and
high-resolution "4K" video in all three phones.

n The SE lacks a barometer, which means fitness apps won't record stairs
climbed. The SE also lacks 3D Touch, in which you can press on an icon hard and
harder for shortcuts and other options. Including it would have made the phone
thicker. You can still perform the same tasks, but might need an extra tap or
two.

n The SE doesn't support "LTE Advanced" cellular technology, which can be twice
as fast as regular LTE.




The iPhone 6 doesn't either, and frankly, I didn't even notice when I got the
6S. There's one SE model for Sprint and another for AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon.
China has its own model, though both U.S. versions should still work there and
elsewhere abroad -- data will just potentially be slower without LTE Advanced.

Promised battery life for video and Web surfing is 13 hours -- a few hours
better than the 6S. It helps that there's less screen to light up.

The SE largely retains the boxy feel of the 5S, so old cases will work, but you
don't get a smoother feel from the larger phones' curved edges. On the other
hand, the smaller size feels more comfortable, and had there been a curved
design at that size, your phone might slip out of your hand more easily.

I ran 14 miles with the phone in my hand or pocket and forgot about it. Oh, I
miss that size. But the screen now feels tiny for reading and typing, now that
I'm used to a bigger one.

If you've been clinging on to your 5S because you don't want a larger iPhone,
now is a good time to upgrade. A new wireless chip enables payments with Apple
Pay. There's faster Wi-Fi, though not as fast as the 6S. You can also access the
Siri voice assistant anytime hands-free, without pressing the home button.

Though your 5S might last a few more months, it's going to get tougher to run
the latest software and apps. And the $400 price is $50 less than what the 5S
sold for. If your 5S is in good condition, you can trade it in at an Apple store
and get the SE for $240, in 24 monthly installments.

Many Android makers have shunned 4-inch screens in premium phones. You're stuck
with mid-range phones that lack high-end cameras and speeds. I had expected
older technology in the iPhone SE, as Apple usually has 2-year-old hardware at
this price. Instead, much of what's inside is just six months old -- better than
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Sure, there are trade-offs, but at least Apple didn't try to pressure people
into larger models by skimping on what matters most.

From left, the iPhone 6S Plus, 6S and SE lie next to each other in a comparison
photograph Thursday in New York. Julie Jacobson/the associated press

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Apple remains top brand, but iPhone 6s not so hot

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 336  words


Apple Inc remains the most popular smartphone brand in China, despite its recent
poor performance in its second-largest market, a new report said.

The report, released by China Mobile Communications Corp, is based on the
analysis of the world's largest telecom operator's roughly 800 million
subscribers. This is the first time that China Mobile opened its big data report
to public.

In May, about 15 percent of China Mobile's subscribers are using iPhones, which
amounts to about 120 million users. Domestic brands Xiaomi Corp and Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd rank alongside Samsung Electronics Co as the second-most
popular brands, with each company accounting for 9 percent of subscribers.

When it comes to the fastest-growing handset makers, smaller local rival vivo
Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd prevailed thanks to its sprawling
offline-retail channels in small cities. About 14 percent of China Mobile
subscribers registered in the first five months of this year are using vivo's
handsets.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
Apple's strong performance in this report is not a contradiction of its recent
declining smartphone sales in China.

"Compared with the iPhone 6 series, which was a record-breaking hit, the iPhone
6S was far less popular, so its sales as a whole declined," Yan said. "But
compared with some local players, the iPhone 6S still delivers a relatively good
performance."

According to Yan, the iPhone 6S had a strong start in the first several months
of this year, but the demand quickly died out once the replacement cycle was
finished, given that iPhone 6S only has incremental improvements to iPhone 6.

Still, Apple is the brand with the highest consumer loyalty in China. Forty-five
percent of Apple users choose to buy another iPhone when they replace their old
handsets, far higher than the average of 18 percent among other brands.

(China Daily 07/05/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/80/146770955177.jpg

eca86bda350e18e546f91a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Apple remains top brand, but iPhone 6s not so hot

LENGTH: 337  words


Apple Inc remains the most popular smartphone brand in China, despite its recent
poor performance in its second-largest market, a new report said.

The report, released by China Mobile Communications Corp, is based on the
analysis of the world's largest telecom operator's roughly 800 million
subscribers. This is the first time that China Mobile opened its big data report
to public.

In May, about 15 percent of China Mobile's subscribers are using iPhones, which
amounts to about 120 million users. Domestic brands Xiaomi Corp and Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd rank alongside Samsung Electronics Co as the second-most
popular brands, with each company accounting for 9 percent of subscribers.

When it comes to the fastest-growing handset makers, smaller local rival vivo
Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd prevailed thanks to its sprawling
offline-retail channels in small cities. About 14 percent of China Mobile
subscribers registered in the first five months of this year are using vivo's
handsets.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
Apple's strong performance in this report is not a contradiction of its recent
declining smartphone sales in China.

"Compared with the iPhone 6 series, which was a record-breaking hit, the iPhone
6S was far less popular, so its sales as a whole declined," Yan said. "But
compared with some local players, the iPhone 6S still delivers a relatively good
performance."

According to Yan, the iPhone 6S had a strong start in the first several months
of this year, but the demand quickly died out once the replacement cycle was
finished, given that iPhone 6S only has incremental improvements to iPhone 6.

Still, Apple is the brand with the highest consumer loyalty in China. Forty-five
percent of Apple users choose to buy another iPhone when they replace their old
handsets, far higher than the average of 18 percent among other brands.

(China Daily USA 07/05/2016 page13)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1496/80/146770312086.jpg

eca86bda350e18e546f91a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM: COOK Skyhigh Prices may've Brought Apple to
Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 344 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country .

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's senior vice-president and
CFO, said in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on
demand in terms of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan,
and parts of Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings
call on Wednesday .

But Maestri also said it's too early to arrive at any conclusion. "...because
the phones have been out there just for four

weeks, so it's bit early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the
response."

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on memory
and model, Rs 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6 and
6 Plus and also Rs 14,00016,000 costlier than their prices in global markets
like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple's trade partners in India attributed the huge price difference of the new
iPhones between India and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of
the rupee against dollar whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate,
and higher tax, with imported smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally
assembled ones while this difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long term in a few markets like India.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

New iPhone pre-orders booming in China

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 324  words


As of September 12, shipping wait times on the new iPhone 6S Plus in China is
running at three to four weeks, and two to three weeks for the 6S.

Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6sPlus during an Apple
media event in San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

"Demand is stronger in China than in most regions of the world including the
US", said Arik Hesseldahl, senior editor of US tech website Re/code.net, citing
the statistics unveiled by an Apple news blog.

The iPhone inventory blog tracks the back-order status of various iPhone models
by way of screen shots of Apple's estimated wait times. As of September 12,
shipping wait times on the new iPhone 6S Plus in China is running at three to
four weeks, and two to three weeks for the 6S.

According to Hesseldahl, one caveat to the data is that there's no indication on
how much inventory was allocated by region or carrier. It's also the first day
of pre-orders and this data is about as preliminary as you can get.

Apple Inc reported third-quarter earnings in July with revenue in Greater China
reaching $13.2 billion, an increase of 112 percent year-over-year, and the sale
of iPhones climbing 85 percent.

According to previous reports by China Daily, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the
growth in Greater China was "outstanding" -- the Mac App Store's revenue more
than doubled in China and the company intends to open 40 new stores in China by
the middle of next year.

"Obviously I can't predict the future, but our performance so far this quarter
is reassuring. Additionally, I continue to believe China represents an
unprecedented opportunity over the long term," Cook wrote to American news
television channel CNBC recently in comments about the company's business in
China.

Traditionally, Apple announces its first-weekend sales after a big launch on the
following Monday.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/55/144221828443.jpg

f8bc126d980d1760acf501.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 14, 2015

New iPhone pre-orders booming in China

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 324  words


As of September 12, shipping wait times on the new iPhone 6S Plus in China is
running at three to four weeks, and two to three weeks for the 6S.

Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6sPlus during an Apple
media event in San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

"Demand is stronger in China than in most regions of the world including the
US", said Arik Hesseldahl, senior editor of US tech website Re/code.net, citing
the statistics unveiled by an Apple news blog.

The iPhone inventory blog tracks the back-order status of various iPhone models
by way of screen shots of Apple's estimated wait times. As of September 12,
shipping wait times on the new iPhone 6S Plus in China is running at three to
four weeks, and two to three weeks for the 6S.

According to Hesseldahl, one caveat to the data is that there's no indication on
how much inventory was allocated by region or carrier. It's also the first day
of pre-orders and this data is about as preliminary as you can get.

Apple Inc reported third-quarter earnings in July with revenue in Greater China
reaching $13.2 billion, an increase of 112 percent year-over-year, and the sale
of iPhones climbing 85 percent.

According to previous reports by China Daily, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the
growth in Greater China was "outstanding" -- the Mac App Store's revenue more
than doubled in China and the company intends to open 40 new stores in China by
the middle of next year.

"Obviously I can't predict the future, but our performance so far this quarter
is reassuring. Additionally, I continue to believe China represents an
unprecedented opportunity over the long term," Cook wrote to American news
television channel CNBC recently in comments about the company's business in
China.

Traditionally, Apple announces its first-weekend sales after a big launch on the
following Monday.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/55/144221870862.jpg

f8bc126d980d1760acf501.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

SanDisk launches iXpand Memory Case for iPhone 6 and 6S

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


SanDisk has launched its iXpand memory case for the iPhone 6 and 6S models that
not only brings extra storage to the phones, but also adds on to the battery
life. The case however, is not for iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6S Plus models. The
iXpand Memory Case comes in three variants based on the storage capacities -
32GB, 64GB and 128GB.

These are priced at $60, $100 and $130 respectively. There is no information on
the case's availability and price in India.The case, besides protecting the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S models, features an additional 1900mAh battery. This adds
a great amount of battery backup to the 1810mAh and 1715mAh battery capacity of
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S respectively. The case sports a hard plastic outside
and soft rubber inside.Users can also download and install the iXpand Memory
Case app to automatically back up photos and videos from the camera on to the
case. The case comes with SanDisk SecureAccess software to protect certain files
and media content as well."When connected, the optional battery pack detects
when your phone's battery runs low, and kicks in to charge it. So you can focus
on other things, not whether your phone has a charge," says the website. It is
available in Black, Blue, Red and Light Blue.Last month, SanDisk added a whole
range of new storage products to its line-up of mobile memory products. The
highlight of the upgraded portfolio is the brand new iXpand flash drive for iOS
devices. The next-generation iXpand flash drive has been designed to help users
quickly free up space on their iPhones and iPads. It is available in capacities
of up to 128GB and has a design that allows it to be used with almost all iPhone
/iPad cases.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM: COOK Skyhigh Prices may've Brought Apple to
Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 554 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country .

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday . But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at ' '92,000 depending on . 62,000-.memory
and model, ' . 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus and also . 14,000-16,000 costlier than their pric' es in global
markets like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.Apple's trade partners
in India attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India
and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of the rupee against dollar
whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with
imported smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while
this difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long

term in a few markets like India where factors like currency were "transitional
kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in
Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

Discount Push

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts say sales during this quarter in
India were driven by aggressive online discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply ," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and 6
Plus. Incidentally , Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about ' . 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Fans line up as new iPhone hits stores .

BYLINE: Reuters in Sydney

LENGTH: 295  words


The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of people - and
a robot - lining up in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has left.

Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful
iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled robot.

Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days before the
release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales were
on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.

The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3-D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.

"Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because the
iPhone 6s Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smartphones in Sydney.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year contract
with a mobile service provider, go on sale on Friday in Australia, Canada,
China, France, Germany, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the United
Kingdom and the United States.

(China Daily 09/26/2015 page11)

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Bigger iPad announced at Apple 'monster' event

LENGTH: 595  words


The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at
the launch ceremony at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on
September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Press members take part in the hands-on session right after the Apple event at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Staff member of Apple displays the all-new iPad Pro to a reporter in the
hands-on session right after the launch ceremony held at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Press members take part in the hands-on session right after the Apple event at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

A comparison between iPad Pro and iPhone 6 during the Apple event at the Bill
Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/
chinadaily.com.cn]

Reporters take photos of the all-new rose gold iPhone 6s Plus at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/
chinadaily.com.cn]

The all-new Apple Watch Herme[#x300]s Collection is displayed in the hands-on
session right after the launch ceremony held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at the launch ceremony at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at
the launch ceremony at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on
September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

The new Apple iPad Pro is displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPad Pro and keyboard are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple Pencil is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPad Pro's accessory pricing during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPhone 6s release date during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A new Apple iPhone 6S and Apple Watch in the new matching rose gold color are
displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple TV is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Eddie Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services,
discusses Apple TV pricing during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the live photo capability for new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Apple remains top brand of China Mobile subscribers, but iPhone 6s not so hot

BYLINE: Ma Si

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 318 words


Apple Inc remains the most popular smartphone brand in China, despite its recent
poor performance in its second-largest market, a new report said.

The report, released by China Mobile Communications Corp, is based on the
analysis of the world's largest telecom operator's roughly 800 million
subscribers. This is the first time that China Mobile opened its big data report
to public.

In May, about 15 percent of China Mobile's subscribers are using iPhones, which
amounts to about 120 million users. Domestic brands Xiaomi Corp and Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd rank alongside Samsung Electronics Co as the second-most
popular brands, with each company accounting for 9 percent of subscribers.

When it comes to the fastest-growing handset makers, smaller local rival vivo
Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd prevailed thanks to its sprawling
offline-retail channels in small cities. About 14 percent of China Mobile
subscribers registered in the first five months of this year are using vivo's
handsets.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
Apple's strong performance in this report is not a contradiction of its recent
declining smartphone sales in China.

"Compared with the iPhone 6 series, which was a record-breaking hit, the iPhone
6S was far less popular, so its sales as a whole declined," Yan said. "But
compared with some local players, the iPhone 6S still delivers a relatively good
performance."

According to Yan, the iPhone 6S had a strong start in the first several months
of this year, but the demand quickly died out once the replacement cycle was
finished, given that iPhone 6S only has incremental improvements to iPhone 6.

Still, Apple is the brand with the highest consumer loyalty in China. Forty-five
percent of Apple users choose to buy another iPhone when they replace their old
handsets, far higher than the average of 18 percent among other brands.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Prices for new Apple iPhones in India to start at Rs 62,000; top version at Rs
92,000

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 460 words


NEW DELHI: Prices of the Apple's much awaited phones - the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus - will begin from Rs 62,000 for the lowest storage variant of 16 GB,
going up to Rs 92,000 for the highest. The prices are far higher than those
available in markets such as US or Singapore, and may deter buyers, especially
those upgrading from present iPhone6 and iPhone6 Plus.

The latest phones, which have been selling for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25,
will be available for pre-registration at the company's local distributor
websites including Brightstar, besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

ET was the first to report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed.
The iPhone 6s 16 GB will be sold for Rs 62,000, the 64 GB variant for Rs 72,000
and the 128 GB version for Rs 82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB is priced at Rs
72,000, the 64 GB at Rs 82,000 and the highest, 128 GB variant will cost a
consumer Rs 92,000.

"Although globally pricing remained similar to last year models, but a strong
dollar led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research. "Since India being not a high
volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
Rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," he added.

The pre-booking option from Snapdeal is open to customers in Bangalore, Chennai,
Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai, online retailer Snapdeal said in a
statement Thursday.

"Customers can pre-book for the iPhone6s starting tomorrow, following which a
link to purchase will be sent to their pre-booking ID on 14th October," the
Gurgaon-based company said, assuring delivery on the first day of the phone's
India launch on October 16 to its pre-booked customers who complete payment by
October 15, 4 pm.

Paytm, on the other hand, will begin flash pre-booking for Rs 2,000 for every
iPhone 6s, every day from 12pm to 6pm for a limited number of units. The
Noida-based company which has got nearly $1 billion from Chinese e-commerce
giant Alibaba, will also run attractive cashback offers to give buyers
additional benefit.

Customers who have pre-booked iPhone 6S on Paytm till October 13, would be sent
an email or SMS the next day with link to make the remaining payment and
complete the booking. Customers who have completed the full payment will receive
the store location to pick up the phone on the launch day.

Brightstar company Beetel Teletech added that pre-registrations that assure a
customer gets a phone from the day of launch were now open across India and the
iPhone 6s and iPhone6s Plus will be available for purchase at over 3500 retail
locations.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Apple prices for new iPhones in India start at Rs 62,000; top version at Rs
92,000

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 460 words


NEW DELHI: Prices of the Apple's much awaited phones - the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus - will begin from Rs 62,000 for the lowest storage variant of 16 GB,
going up to Rs 92,000 for the highest. The prices are far higher than those
available in markets such as US or Singapore, and may deter buyers, especially
those upgrading from present iPhone6 and iPhone6 Plus.

The latest phones, which have been selling for astronomical prices on websites
such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25,
will be available for pre-registration at the company's local distributor
websites including Brightstar, besides online portals Paytm and Snapdeal.

ET was the first to report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed.
The iPhone 6s 16 GB will be sold for Rs 62,000, the 64 GB variant for Rs 72,000
and the 128 GB version for Rs 82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB is priced at Rs
72,000, the 64 GB at Rs 82,000 and the highest, 128 GB variant will cost a
consumer Rs 92,000.

"Although globally pricing remained similar to last year models, but a strong
dollar led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research. "Since India being not a high
volume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
Rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," he added.

The pre-booking option from Snapdeal is open to customers in Bangalore, Chennai,
Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai, online retailer Snapdeal said in a
statement Thursday.

"Customers can pre-book for the iPhone6s starting tomorrow, following which a
link to purchase will be sent to their pre-booking ID on 14th October," the
Gurgaon-based company said, assuring delivery on the first day of the phone's
India launch on October 16 to its pre-booked customers who complete payment by
October 15, 4 pm.

Paytm, on the other hand, will begin flash pre-booking for Rs 2,000 for every
iPhone 6s, every day from 12pm to 6pm for a limited number of units. The
Noida-based company which has got nearly $1 billion from Chinese e-commerce
giant Alibaba, will also run attractive cashback offers to give buyers
additional benefit.

Customers who have pre-booked iPhone 6S on Paytm till October 13, would be sent
an email or SMS the next day with link to make the remaining payment and
complete the booking. Customers who have completed the full payment will receive
the store location to pick up the phone on the launch day.

Brightstar company Beetel Teletech added that pre-registrations that assure a
customer gets a phone from the day of launch were now open across India and the
iPhone 6s and iPhone6s Plus will be available for purchase at over 3500 retail
locations.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus prices slashed in India

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 2 -- Mobile major Apple has slashed prices of its latest iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16 percent in India.


 Currently, the price for the iPhone 6s (16 GB variant) is available between
Rs.52,000 and Rs. 55,000.
 The new price tag is expected to draw more customers to purchase the new
devices.
 The company is trying to revive demand for the October-December quarter, which
is said to be the 'strongest period' for Apple due to its flagship launches in
September.
 Recently, Apple had also slashed the price of its bestseller iPhone 5S in
India.
 iPhone 5s are now available in price range of Rs.24,999 upwards, as opposed to
Rs. 44,500 and above in September.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple is killing its 16GB variant with iPhone 7: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours about Apple junking its 16GB model with the
upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. According to a report in Wall Street
Journal (WSJ), quoting person familiar with Apple's plans, "Instead of 16GB as a
starting point for the entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be
32GB...." This means Apple would reportedly be bringing 32GB storage option back
to its iPhone lineup after a gap of three years. Apple iPhone 5S, which was
launched in 2013, came with a 32GB variant.

However, all iPhones launched after that -- iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, and iPhone SE -- come in 16GB and 64GB variants. Apple added a
128GB variant with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.While the larger 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 is expected to come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants, the
smaller version is said to come in 32GB, 64GB and 256GB storage variants.As
widely speculated by several other publications too, the report adds that the
larger version of the rumoured iPhone 7 will sport a 5.5-inch display and a
dual-camera sensor.The dual camera set-up is expected to help users capture
images in different depth of fields so that theu can later choose what they want
to focus in the image in the post editing phase.In addition, the smaller iPhone
7 version is likely to come with a 4.7-inch display. Also, though the smaller
version is unlikely to get the dual-camera setup, it is expected to still be
receiving an upgrade on camera front. The report also claims that the upcoming
models won't sport a headphone jack.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     January 14, 2016 Thursday 09:36 AM EST

Leaks and rumors suggest Samsung's Galaxy S7 will challenge the iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 873  words


Click for image

Mobile fans and followers mark the seasons with Samsung's announcements of its
new flagship Galaxy S phone, at Mobile World Congress in February, and Apple's
iPhone announcements in September. As each announcement approaches, the leaks
and rumors surface and ripple throughout the news and social media.

Instead of adding a ripple with another report, greater clarity may come from a
look at the rumors as a whole to gauge what Samsung is trying to accomplish.

See also: The best Android phones of 2015, priced from high to low

Samsung plans its product cycles to optimize its manufacturing and distribution
costs so it can increase demand by cutting the price of its phone earlier in its
lifecycle. Last August, for example, Samsung cut $100 to $200 off the price for
its S6 and S6 Edge just a half year after they were introduced, with the
intention of helping the company compete with the iPhone 6s. Samsung still takes
a similar approach for older versions of its Galaxy smartphone - the S4, S5, and
S5 Mini - as well as many of its TVs and consumer appliances.

Samsung isn't Apple. It neither enjoys luxury brand status nor is it constrained
by investor pressure to maintain 40% gross margins, giving the company the
flexibility to cut prices to manage demand.

The premium-priced S7 has a few important milestones to reach in its first year.
It must be incrementally better in performance and build quality than last
year's Galaxy S6. It must compete with the iPhone 6s and stand up to competing
top-tier Android flagships from Motorola, Google, HTC, and LG.

Rumored hardware improvements for Galaxy S7

Three S7 models have been rumored or leaked. Two models, the 7S and 7S Edge,
will have a 5.1-inch, 1440x2560 pixel display at 577 ppi, according to the
rumors. The 7S Edge+ will reportedly have a 5.5-inch, 1440x2560 pixel display at
534 ppi.

These screens feature the same resolution of the S6 family. The Edge models
include the rounded-glass edges introduced last year. These displays top the
display resolution of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, at 326 ppi and 401 ppi,
respectively. However, the difference in resolution may be imperceptible to most
consumers.

Rumors that the S7 will be powered by either an Exynos 8890 or the latest
Snapdragon 820 Octa-core SoCs make sense because it's a big boost over the S6
and matches that of the iPhone 6s. Both the Snapdragon 810 and Exynos 8890 SoCs
perform very favorably against the Apple's A9, and should boost performance by
60% over the Galaxy S6's Exynos 7420.

However, SoCs have become so fast that, once again, consumers can't really
perceive relative performance improvements. But the 14nm feature size of the
S7's SoC can theoretically reduce power consumption by up to 60%. Even if that
expected power reduction isn't achieved, better power management may be the only
processor improvement consumers notice.

If LTE Category 12 support is fully enabled (and used on a network that supports
it), the S7 will feature twice the data download speeds (600 Mbps) and three
times the upload speeds (150 Mbps) of either the S6 or iPhone 6s. This may not
be realistic, though, as the $10 cost per Gigabyte of mobile data would likely
make it unaffordable.

Photos of S7 prototypes haven't leaked yet. Perhaps, like the marginal
difference in the design of the iPhone 6 compared to the 6s, there may be little
difference in the design of the S6 and its successor. Samsung did, however, make
significant changes to S6 design last year, upgrading the materials and build
quality compared to the Galaxy S5, helping it remain fresh through another
product cycle.

Rumored S7 features consumers will appreciate most

Many expect the Galaxy S7 to feature Samsung's impressive new Britecell camera.
The Britecell camera module is designed to improve images taken in low light and
feature faster phase detection autofocus and faster HDR and WDR (presumably
using the S7's faster hardware).

Expected improvements to battery life and the cycle time to recharge the battery
will delight consumers, especially those upgrading from the S6. The S7 has been
reported to have a comparatively larger 3000mAh battery, and the S7 Edge+ a
3600mAh battery. It should also feature fast-charging USB Type-C that will store
a day's charge in about a half hour.

Though Samsung has not returned to a removable battery, many reports say that a
microSD card will be included, which will add at least 200GB of storage to the
base 32GB and 64GB of ROM. This will certainly appeal to people who don't want
to store their data, music, photos, and videos in the cloud.

A few reports said that the S7 will be waterproof and dustproof, meeting the
IP67 specification. It may indicate that the S7 may be more rugged, a response
to the shatterproof Motorola Turbo 2 and Apple and HTC's broken screen exchange
programs that have attracted consumers' attention.

Enhanced audio has been a repeated rumor. Many sources predict that the S7 will
include the high-performance Sabre 9018AQ2M chip to power headphones and
Bluetooth speakers with sound that extends beyond the smartphone category.

The cycle begins again next month. Samsung hopes to repeat the success of the S6
with the same year-long exercise of product management with the S7.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Bigger iPad announced at Apple 'monster' event

LENGTH: 716  words


The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at
the launch ceremony at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on
September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Press members take part in the hands-on session right after the Apple event at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Staff member of Apple displays the all-new iPad Pro to a reporter in the
hands-on session right after the launch ceremony held at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Press members take part in the hands-on session right after the Apple event at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

A comparison between iPad Pro and iPhone 6 during the Apple event at the Bill
Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/
chinadaily.com.cn]

Reporters take photos of the all-new rose gold iPhone 6s Plus at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/
chinadaily.com.cn]

The all-new Apple Watch Herme[#x300]s Collection is displayed in the hands-on
session right after the launch ceremony held at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Tim Cook, CEO of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at the launch ceremony at
the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9, 2015. [Liu
Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of Apple Inc, delivers keynote speech at
the launch ceremony at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on
September 9, 2015. [Liu Zheng/ chinadaily.com.cn]

The new Apple iPad Pro is displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPad Pro and keyboard are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple Pencil is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPad Pro's accessory pricing during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPhone 6s release date during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A new Apple iPhone 6S and Apple Watch in the new matching rose gold color are
displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple TV is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Eddie Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services,
discusses Apple TV pricing during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the live photo capability for new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/144185710303.jpg

b083fe95599f175b26af12.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/144185710366.jpg

b083fe95599f175b272b15.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/5/144185710415.jpg

b083fe95599f175b274f16.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/144185710462.jpg

b083fe95599f175b26a111.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/3/144185710600.jpg

b083fe95599f175b269210.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/144185711521.jpg

b083fe95599f175b26870f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/144185711750.jpg

b083fe95599f175b26ce13.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/144185711866.jpg

b083fe95599f175b26f214.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/144185712497.jpg

b083fe95599f175b27bc18.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Warid to launch iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 303

LENGTH: 198  words


Warid Telecom, leading Pakistani telecom operator, is officially launching the
latest iPhones for its esteemed customers.Warid will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning from Friday, 13th November
2015. However, customers can pre-order the handsets online from Friday, 6th
November 2015 onwards at www.waridtel.com/4G. For more information on iPhones,
please visit www.apple.com/iphone.

This new development will give both new and existing Warid customers access to
two of the most popular phones in the global market today. Both devices are 4G
LTE enabled which ensures connectivity to Warid's  Lightning Taiz LTE internet.
With advanced features such as high resolution cameras, fast-speed processors
and large RAMs that run via Apple's popular iOS, Warid customers will be
experiencing the internationally acclaimed  technology coupled with the Warid's
best quality network services.

Warid Telecom has always excelled in bringing new and in demand technology to
its customers. With the introduction of these two highly desired Apple devices,
Warid will continue to ensure utmost customer satisfaction and a variety of
quality services to choose from.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Seven reasons not to buy Apple's new iPhone SE

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 448 words


The latest addition to Apple's iPhone portfolio, iPhone SE, has launched in
India. According to the Cupertino giant it is the world's most powerful 4-inch
iPhone. However, the brand new iPhone may not be the best iPhone to buy for some
people.

-The price

The biggest problem with iPhone SE is the price tag it comes with. While many
expected the small-screen iPhone to be priced around Rs 33,000, it came as a
shocker when Apple priced it at Rs 39,000. This price tag not only puts iPhone
SE out of the reach of a large number of buyers in India but also makes it a
direct competitor to iPhone 6S as well as powerful Android smartphones like
Google Nexus 6P and Sony Xperia Z5.

-A very small screen

Another major problem for iPhone SE is its 4-inch screen, which is likely to be
too small for most Indian buyers, as phablets are dominant in India. Considering
that other models in the price bracket feature much larger display sizes, iPhone
SE may find struggle to find some love in India.

-No 3D Touch

iPhone SE, despite being the newest smartphone in Apple's lineup, does not have
the headlining feature of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus: 3D Touch. The lack of 3D Touch
means that iPhone SE users will not be able to use the new app navigation tool
Apple has integrated into its top smartphone. This becomes an even bigger miss
when you see than iPhone 6S with 3D Touch can be purchased to a little over Rs
40,000 on e-commerce sites.

-16GB storage

16GB storage for Rs 39,000 seems like a joke, but that's what Apple is offering
with iPhone SE. Users will get approximately 11-12GB to store their data, which
usually leads to 'Out of Storage' messages popping up on the screen after a few
months of use. Moreover, Live Photos and 4K videos take up too much space, so
buyers will have to be very conservative while taking photos too.

-Low battery life

iPhone SE is expected to deliver the same battery life as iPhone 5S, which needs
to be charged twice a day to keep running. This may be a deal-breaker for a lot
of buyers, especially power-users who need their phones to not run out of juice
at critical moments.

-Old design

iPhone SE sports the same design language as iPhone 5 and 5S, but features matte
finish on the chamfered edges and comes in a rose gold colour option. So unless
you buy the rose gold colour option, it will be indistinguishable from the
three-year-old iPhone 5S.

-No standout feature

For the first time, Apple has held an event for an iPhone that does not have any
feature that separates it from the rest. Instead, iPhone SE features design and
hardware found in earlier iPhone models, like the processor and camera of iPhone
6S and design of iPhone 5S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Sales of new Apple iPhones on pace to beat last year's record;
Sales of new Ap...

LENGTH: 304 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sales of Apple's new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million unit
sales it logged during the first weekend of sales last year, the company said on
Monday.


Sales of Apple's new iPhones were on pace to beat the 10 million unit sales it
logged during the first weekend of sales last year, the company said on Monday.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of preorders it received. Analysts
had expected the company to log about 4.5 million preorders during the first 24
hours, in comparison with 4 million during the first day last year.

The company said demand for the iPhone 6S Plus, the larger phone, exceeded its
forecasts for the preorder period.

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus will begin shipping Sept. 25. The phones
feature improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds
differently depending on how hard users press their screens. FBR Capital Markets
senior analyst Daniel Ives said the preorders suggested a strong trajectory for
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Ives said he was encouraged by the response in
China, where Apple's website showed particularly long wait times for the phones.
"It shows that they are off to a white-hot start, with China really being front
and center as a main driver of initial demand," he said. The company's stock has
sunk in recent weeks on concerns about how it will fare amid the downturn in the
Chinese economy. "Hopefully this can start to turn the negative tide that's been
overhanging the stock," Ives said. Last week Apple announced the phones, as well
as a new TV set-top box that responds to voice commands, but the new products
underwhelmed many social media commentators and investors. The new phones come a
year after Apple rolled out iPhones with larger screens, touching off a sales
frenzy in which revenue in the latest quarter increased 32.5 percent from a year
earlier. Shares of Apple were up 2.3 percent at dollar 116.77 in trading before
the market opened. (Reuters) Source: www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

Apple touches fan base with new features

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 444  words


The iPhone 6s's new 3D Touch feature will foster loyalty among existing Apple
users, making it less likely they will defect to -Android, technology research
firm Telsyte has said.

On Saturday, Apple will begin selling iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus whose
signature features -include pressing harder on the display to access new
functionality. Apple calls the gesture 3D Touch and has built new smartphone
displays capable of detecting different levels of pressure as users press it.

Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi said features such as Force Touch might
not cause iPhone users to upgrade their phones, but it would help keep users
loyal to Apple.

"It's these kind of features that make the platform even more sticky for users.
It (the iPhone) is a game changer because it solidifies Apple's users on their
own platform. It's making it less likely for a user to switch to Android because
it just doesn't have that feature." Third-party developers already have
announced they will implement 3D Touch and another new feature on iPhone 6s,
live photos, in new versions of their apps. With live photos, the iPhone camera
shoots a short three-second video clip as it takes a photo.

Instagram, Pinterest, Sky Guide, Dropbox, Facebook, Getty Images, PixelToys,
ZORG, WeChat and Weibo are among apps that will issue updated versions to
support the new features. Facebook told The Australian it would implement both
features. "We are excited to explore options for using the new iOS 3D touch so
people can quickly and easily take actions on Facebook like updating their
status and taking photos," a Facebook spokesman said.

Mr Fadaghi said that based on consumer surveys and its assessment of the
smartphone market, Telsyte estimated Apple would sell about 1.9 million handsets
in Australia in the second half of this year. That figure included all models,
not just the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

About 4.5 million handsets of all types would be sold in that period overall.
"While Apple's repeat purchase intention is still the highest in the industry,
it has come down a few points in the last survey that we did; instead of being
in the 80 per cents, it's in the 70s now," he said. Cost was likely to be one
reason.

In the US, meanwhile, Apple chief executive Tim Cook is reported to have offered
a 17-year-old US high school footballer a free iPhone and a summer internship at
Apple headquarters after he publicly praised Apple Watch for saving his
life.After experiencing chest and back pains after training, Paul Houle measured
his heart rate on Apple Watch, which recorded it at 145. He immediately went to
a hospital and was diagnosed with heart, liver and kidney failure.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Mondy patrons win shopping spree in Milan and iphone 6s

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Feb. 1 -- Leading female fashion retailer Mondy, rewarded two lucky
patrons for their loyalty with a Trip to Milan plus a US$ 1,000 shopping
allowance and an iphone 6s. The competitions were held from December 11, 2015
till January 15, 2016, where the social media Selfie contest for the iphone 6s
garnered the interest of the tech-savvy customers and the all expenses paid Trip
to Milan offered the dynamic businesswomen a chance to unwind and indulge
themselves in the global fashion capital of Milan.

The winner of the iphone 6s Nirosha Heart exclaimed her delight at being
selected and expressed her thanks to Mondy saying she has been a longstanding
Mondy customer. To win the iphone 6s, in the "I Pose I Win" contest, contenders
had to snap a selfie in front of the bright red backdrop at the flagship store
in Dharmapala Mawatha, post it on the Mondy facebook page with the hashtag
#iposeiwin and gather the most number of likes to win. Shenali Perera was the
winner of the coveted "Trip to Milan raffle" with the US$ 1,000 shopping
allowance and she conveyed her gratitude to Mondy Brand manager Theruni
Wijeweera and the team.

The commencement of the competitions were marked at the Mondy Resort Wear
Collection launch where the leading retailer hosted an elegant High Tea at its
flagship store in Colombo. The new Mondy Loyalty Card was also introduced at the
event with a series of seasonal deals that drew long lines of eager customers.

"Over the years Mondy has gathered a dedicated following of discerning females
who have placed their trust in us to provide them chic clothing that keeps them
in style and empowers them. It is with great pleasure that we recognise their
long standing loyalty and introduced the Mondy Loyalty Card to continue to
reward our patrons," said Theruni Wijeweera, Brand Manager - Mondy. Positioning
itself as an elegant, clear-cut and sophisticated fashion label that celebrates
feminine beauty, Mondy offers all-occasion clothing and an especially empowering
collection for the corporate woman that has created a dedicated female
following.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Retails 13 Million New iPhones in Weekend Launch

LENGTH: 139  words


Sept. 28 -- US-based technology giant Apple has sold a record 13 million new
iPhones - 6S and 6S Plus - over the weekend launch, news agency AFP reported.

The company marketed the new iPhones in nine markets, including China.

It recently announced that the new devices would be availed in 40 more markets
including Mexico, Spain, Russia, Taiwan and Italy, starting from October 9.

The company has recorded a phenomenal sales of the new iPhones -- 6S and 6S
Plus. The sales broke all past first weekend sales figures in the firm's
history, said Apple CEO Tim Cook.

It has also introduced new finance and lease terms for the US customers, which
would also help to boost sales, analysts expected.

iPhone 6S sports a 4.7 inch screen, while the 6S Plus has a 5.5 inch screen.
These devices feature a new pressure sensitive "3D touch" technology.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

New pink iPhones prove popular as Apple expects record weekend salesfirm denies
report #124of lower battery capacity, New "rose gold" colour is

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 770 words


popular with buyers

Reuters

SAN FRANCISCO

The iPhone 6 sand 6s Plus hit stores around the world on Friday, kicking off
what was expected to be a record weekend of sales as customers scrambled to buy
Apple's marquee product in pink for the first time.

Eager buyers, joined by at least one robot, flocked to Apple stores from Sydney
to New York and San Francisco, itching to get their hands on new models boasting
an improved camera and a screen feature Apple calls "3D Touch", which performs
different functions depending on how hard a user presses.

"It's very intuitive. I'm really excited to see what developers do with it,"
Leah Bentley, a 22-year-old software developer from Emeryville, California, said
inside Apple's San Francisco store after purchasing her phone.

For all the sophisticated technology packed into the new iPhones, customers
interviewed by Reuters were most excited by amore low-tech feature: the "rose
gold" finish, a new shade that Apple introduced with the current phone.

The novel hue, essentially sparkling pink, accounted for more than a third of
early in-store sales, according to FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives,
citing conversations with buyers.

Another of the hundreds gathered outside the store in downtown San Francisco was
pink-haired software developer Jo Engo, 37, who has lobbied Apple leaders past
and present for a phone in his favourite colour.

"I have emailed not only Steve Jobs but Tim Cook," Engo said outside the store,
sporting an Apple Watch with a pink band and an iPhone 6 in a pink case. "I'm so
excited they're finally doing it."

Despite the crowds, the scene was less frenetic than usual at the San Francisco
store, perhaps because more people now order phones online, and the release of a
new device has become routine.

One store at least was buzzing, as Apple chief executive Tim Cook made a
surprise visit to company's store in Georgetown, Washington, to raucous cheers
from employees and shoppers.

Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the launch of the
hugely successful iPhone 6 was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone
market.

Apple, whose shares were largely unchanged on Friday, has said pre-orders
suggested sales were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance. It
usually announces first weekend sales on the following Monday.

High hopes on street

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a robot
named Lucy, operated remotely by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said, via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled
robot.

After a dramatic redesign last year, which included an enlarged screen and the
addition of mobile payments, the iPhone6s and 6s Plus, which were first unveiled
by Apple two weeks ago, boast more modest improvements.

Several reviewers have said that might not be compelling enough to persuade
iPhone 6 users to upgrade.

Apple has said just a fraction of its customers have upgraded to the iPhone 6,
analysts estimate less than 30 per cent, suggesting there is room to grow.

Apple has sold more than 700 million iPhones since the first model of the device
upended the smartphone market in 2007. Still, Apple has only about 16 per cent
of the global smartphone market compared to 81 per cent for devices running
Google's Android system, according to tech research firm IDC's projections for
this year.

More important than customer appetite for upgrades is sales outside the United
States, particularly in China, said Aaron Rakers, an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus.

Repair firm iFixit, which opened up an iPhone 6s and 6s Plus on Friday, said
battery capacity was down "a bit", probably to accommodate new features. Apple
has said battery life is unchanged in the new phones.

The new iPhones use chips made by, among others, Qualcomm, Avago Technologies,
Qorvo's Tri Quint Semiconductor and RF Micro Devices, Texas Instruments and
Skyworks Solutions.

Shares of audio chipmaker Cirrus Logic jumped 15 per cent after iFixit revealed
that Apple had used its chips, as it did in previous iPhones.

Lacklustre offerings this year from Samsung Electronics will help Apple stand
out in the marketplace, said analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights &
Strategy. He said he expected the 6s to eclipse the 6 "over the long haul".

The 6s and 6s Plus start at $199 (Bt7,197) and $299 respectively with a two-year
service-provider contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 30, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM GMT

Are the new Apple products worth a bite?;
Our columnist has checked out the new iPad Pro, iPencil and iPhone 6 and 6S.
Safe to say he's a fan.

BYLINE: By Nicholas Fearn

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 759 words


That time of the year has come and gone. No, I'm not talking about Christmas or
Easter - I'm on about Apple's annual September event.

This year's took place in San Francisco on September 9 and saw the
California-based tech giant announce the long-rumoured iPad Pro and iPhone 6S/6S
Plus, as well as a new Apple TV.

Without a doubt, the biggest announcement is the iPad Pro, Apple's rival to the
Microsoft Surface. The tablet - as the name suggests - is purely aimed at a B2B
audience.

Its 12.9-inch retina display is perfect for typing out important documents and
emails on the go, and if you're in need of extra precision in this department,
you can get yourself a dedicated keyboard cover. But it's pricey, retailing for
$169 in the US.

The iPencil is another dedicated iPad Pro accessory. The stylus allows you to
jot down notes and doodles within specialist apps, which, of course, is going to
be handy if you're a creative type. However, again, it's quite expensive. In the
US, it costs $99.

Anything else cool? The Pro also comes with Apple's powerful, new 64-bit A9X
chip, with third-generation 64-bit architecture, which the company says is
capable of providing desktop-quality processing power and console-quality
graphics.

You get iOS 9 right out of the box, Apple's new mobile operating system, meaning
access to services like the App Store and Apple Music. While core apps such as
Mail, Notes and Siri have been improved, there are a variety of new features. In
the case of the iPad, you have Split View. This allows you to do two things at
once - perfect if you're busy with work on the train but want to check out your
messages.

RELATED: iOS 9 update: What to expect from Apple's latest upgrade (including new
emojis)

The iPad Pro will be available in November, along with the accessories mentioned
above - just in time for Christmas. It'll be available in three metallic
finishes: silver, gold and space grey. As for memory, you'll have to choose
between 32GB or 128GB.

Other big announcements include the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. They're identical in
terms of design when compared to their predecessors - the 6 and 6 Plus - but
that's not to say you need to be disappointed. They carry a number of exciting
internal improvements and headline features.

Most exciting of all is 3D Touch, which introduces new ways to use and
experience the iPhone just by adding pressure to the display. For example, if
you press on the iPhone's display lightly, you're able to peek at emails in your
inbox. And if you want to open one, you simply press a little harder. Awesome,
right?

The 6S also comes with a 12-megapixel camera, beefed up from the 8-megapixel
offering we saw on the iPhone 6. Features include geo-tagging, touch focus,
simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, face/smile detection, HDR and
'Live Photos'. The latter, which is new, allows you to reveal the moments before
and after a photo was taken just by pressing on it harder than usual.

There's a 5-megapixel camera on the front, too. And what's quite neat is that
when you take selfies, you have the ability to use your display as a flash.

RELATED: 34 magical pictures that prove Autumn in Wales is as beautiful as
anywhere in the world

Like the iPad Pro, the 6S is powered by Apple's third-generation 64-bit chip,
A9, which is apparently 70% faster CPU and 90% faster GPU performance compared
to its predecessor, the A8. What does this mean in reality? A faster performance
and supposed improved battery life.

The 6S and 6S Plus are available to purchase now. You can get both models in
gold, silver, space grey and rose grey - with the 6S starting at £539 and the 6S
Plus. Prices get more expensive as the memory capacity gets bigger.

Last, but certainly not least, is the new Apple TV. It runs with the new tvOS
operating system - based on iOS - and enables iOS developers to create apps and
games for the Apple TV. These will be available to download in the new Apple TV
App Store.

RELATED: The apps and gadgets aimed at making home life easier

It comes with the new Siri Remote, which allows you to search for content using
Apple's personal assistant. While Siri is far from perfect, it's still going to
be a useful way to find stuff you want, instead of sifting through content
libraries. The remote's touch surface also makes things easier. With it, you can
fluently browse through films, games and apps. It'll be available to purchase in
32GB and 64GB models at the end of October.

ALSO BY NIC: What's it like to run a tech start-up in Wales?

WalesOnline iOS app plug (strip) September 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone retailers jump on announcement of launch

LENGTH: 380  words


Within hours of Apple's launch of the iPhone 7, local grey market retailers were
already concocting plans to import the eagerly awaited mobile handsets to
Cambodia ahead of its official launch in the Kingdom.

Chhim Sang Heng, owner of Hak Se phone shop in Phnom Penh, said his store was
busy collecting pre-orders for the new model, and would arrange with contacts
overseas to purchase the phones and ship them to Cambodia for resale once
official distribution begins on September 16.

'We've received some orders from our customers already,' he said yesterday.
'Right now, we cannot say how much it will cost, we'll calculate it closer to
the release date.'

Heng estimated that, based on previous experiences flipping iPhone 6 and 6s
models before their official release in Cambodia, he could set a price on the
handsets at around $1,000.

Apple launched its iPhone 7 on Wednesday, announcing that it would begin
delivering its latest generation of the popular smartphone on September 16, with
retail prices starting at $649 for its base model iPhone 7, and $769 for the
iPhone 7 Plus - the same initial prices as its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Chhim Cheang, owner of Sok Ly phone shop in Phnom Penh, said he intends to
supply iPhone 7 handsets to the local market within a day of its first
distribution in the US.

'As usual, it will arrive in our market a day after its [US] release,' he said.

Cheang said that based on previous experiences selling iPhone 6s and 6s Plus he
estimates that the base model iPhone 7 will retail in Cambodia for about $1,000
to $1,200 ahead of its official release.

Kao Damaityma, marketing manager of iOne, one of two authorised local resellers
of Apple products, said the official date for the release of the iPhone 7 in
Cambodia had not been set.'We don't know yet which day it will available in
Cambodia market,' she said.

Damaityma said that iOne said it would observe Apple's official release date on
the iPhone, despite the activities of grey market retailers, who typically flip
phones imported through unofficial channels for quick profit.

'It's hard to control to the local market, they can ship iPhone for themselves
to sell in the market, but we are an authorised company,' she said.

'We are waiting to hear from Apple on when it will arrive in our market.'

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Blackpool Gazette

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBEG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Chorley Guardian

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCGD


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Clitheroe Advertiser and Times

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCAT


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Fleetwood Weekly News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WFWN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Garstang Courier

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCOU


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lancaster Guardian

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGAR


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Lancaster Evening Post

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLEP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Leigh Reporter

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLRP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Leyland Guardian

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLGD


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Longridge News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLON


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Lytham St Annes Express

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLSE


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    The News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPNS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Pendle Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WLTN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Reporter

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSRP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Visitor

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WVIS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wigan Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWIG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Banbury Guardian

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHBG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Bedford Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBTC


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Berkhamsted & Tring Gazette

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCG2


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Biggleswade Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBCH


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bucks Herald

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCBH


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Buckingham and Winslow Advertiser

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCBW


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Daventry Express

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHDE


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Dunstable Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBLD


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Evening Telegraph

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MKET


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Harborough Mail

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHMP


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Hemel Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCHG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Kenilworth Weekly News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHC3


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Leamington Courier

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHLC


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Luton Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBLN


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Milton Keynes Citizen

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MPMC


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          Northampton Chronicle & Echo

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MNCE


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Observer & Citizen

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MPLO


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Rugby Advertiser

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHRA


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Thame Gazette

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTTG


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Tring Today

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHC4


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Warwick Courier

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

VIDEO: iPhone SE released today

LENGTH: 220  words


The iPhone SE is officially on sale from today.

If you're wondering what SE' stands for - it's Special Edition'. The new phone
looks to attract customers who think the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are too big.

It's also less expensive, with prices starting at £359 for the handset.

Visually, it looks identical to the iPhone 5S, with a four-inch retina display
and a metal body. But it runs on the same processor as the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, so it's considerably faster than the older 5S.

Running on Apple's new iOS 9.3 operating system, the phone will benefit from
improvements to Notes, News, Music and Apple Health, plus the introduction of
the new Night Shift' feature designed to help users' sleeping patterns.

Ernest Doku, of uSwitch, thinks the new phone will be a hit with younger buyers.
He said: "The launch of the iPhone SE should be read as a retaliation - a battle
cry to the Chinese challenger brands that have taken a bite out of Apple in
recent months.

"Targeted at Millennials with smaller budgets, the SE offers a fully-formed
iPhone experience for around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHC2


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                       May 19, 2016 Thursday 2:36 PM GMT

Win an iPhone 6S!;
We're giving away an iPhone 6S as a thank you to our mobile app users

BYLINE: By James Warner

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 105 words


The Birmingham Mail mobile app is three years old and, to celebrate, we're
giving away a brand new iPhone 6S to one lucky app user!

To enter, simply click the button below. We'll pick one winner at random from
all valid entries on Monday 6th June. Good luck!

Win an iPhone 6S Gigya Jotform

Competition closes 9am Monday 6th June.

Entrants must live within postcodes B, WV, WS or DY.

One winner will be selected at random after the closing date.

The winner will receive a brand new iPhone 6S 16GB.

The Birmingham Mail will contact the winner to arrange receipt of their prize.

No whole/part cash alternative.

Std. Trinity Mirror rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

At last, the perfect iPhone for people with tiny hands;
WELLS AND TRULY

BYLINE: Peter Wells

SECTION: A; Pg. C008

LENGTH: 585  words


At last, the perfect iPhone for people with tiny hands Peter Wells WELLS AND
TRULY A little goes a long way with the new iPhoneSE. Photo: Bloomberg F
ollowing the recent launch of the iPhone SE and iPad Pro, a friend of mine and
long-time Apple enthusiast described the event as like "Apple's greatest hits,
volume two". I saw that sentiment mirrored several times: this was old tech in a
shiny new box, or in the case of the iPhone SE, a box that was first seen in
2013.

It's easy to dismiss the iPhone SE as the guts of an iPhone 6s in an iPhone 5
case.

Even if you view the iPhone SE on that level, I think it's an interesting and
unprecedented move from Apple to release a device that is comparable to its
six-month-old flagship while still costing $500 less.

The last time Apple made a mid-range iPhone, the iPhone 5c, it was clearly
inferior to the rest of the line-up. It had a year-old processor and camera, and
while I loved the candy-coloured cases, for some it screamed "cheap".

Here, Apple has made better compromises to lower the price; we have last year's
Touch ID sensor, the front-facing "selfie camera" is just 1.2 megapixels and
there's no 3D Touch, which brought contextual menus to iOS. But Touch ID is fast
enough, I never take selfies and I rarely used 3D Touch, so for me, these are
the perfect compromises.

Yes, it's an old look, but the iPhone 5s was a great design, and reusing it no
doubt helped Apple keep the price down.

The phone feels solid in the hand, less slippery than the iPhone 6s, and the
boxy design makes it an easier point-and-shoot camera to hold.

And what a camera. Right now, the two best smartphone cameras are found in the
iPhone 6s and the Samsung Galaxy S7. Both are brilliant in their own way. That
the iPhone SE contains the same camera as the 6s makes it a smartphone
photography bargain.

And of course, with a flagship A9 processor inside, the SE is crazy fast. iOS 9
can feel a little cramped - it was clearly designed with larger screens in mind
- but after a few days of missing tap targets I was back into the swing of the
smaller screen.

What I wasn't expecting was the great battery life. After a full day of
tweeting, listening to podcasts, taking photos and generally staring at the
screen, I still had 40per cent battery at 6pm. Turning on low power mode in iOS
9 removed any fear the SE wouldn't last until it made it back to a charger.
That's the kind of battery performance I would see in the giant iPhone 6s+ and
larger Android phones, and better than I was getting from the 6s.

The iPhone SE will be a niche device.

Larger phones are far more popular, the market has shown. But there's still room
for smaller devices, especially one that is packed with high-end features. I
suspect Apple will sell a tonne of these to enterprise customers and those rare
few of us who prefer smaller devices.

As someone with tiny hands who could never really stretch their thumbs across
the iPhone 6 keyboard, and had no chance with the iPhone 6+, the smaller phone
is a joy to type on. In fact, I've typed most of this review on it, with a quick
edit on an iPad.

The iPhone SE is simply the best smaller phone I've used. It betters its only
real competitor, the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, thanks to a more reliable camera,
faster performance, and the consistency, simplicity and polish iOS 9 has over
Android. And it's $170 cheaper.

The iPhone SE is not for everyone, but for those looking for a smaller, cheaper
phone with a flagship feel, it's easily the best option available.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


       Copyright 2016 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s is top-selling smartphone in Q2 2016 globally: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Apple couldn't have got a better news just a day ahead of its next iPhone
launch. According to the latest research from Strategy Analytics, the company's
iPhone 6s model was the world's top-selling smartphone in the second quarter of
2016. Apple currently accounts for two of the three top-selling smartphone
models shipped worldwide.According to Linda Sui, director at Strategy Analytics,
"Total global smartphone shipments grew 1 percent annually from 338.0 million
units in Q2 2015 to 341.5 million in Q2 2016. Smartphone growth is sluggish at
the moment due to ongoing economic volatility worldwide, high-ownership
penetration in most major countries, and a lack of new innovation from device
manufacturers."Neil Mawston, executive director at Strategy Analytics, added,
"We estimate the Apple iPhone 6s model shipped 14.2 million units and accounted
for 4 percent share of all smartphones shipped worldwide in Q2 2016. Apple's
iPhone 6s is currently the world's most popular smartphone. The iPhone 6s is
wildly popular in dozens of countries globally, due to its attractive hardware
design blended with rich features such as 4K video, large multi-touch display,
and fingerprint security."Woody Oh, director at Strategy Analytics, added, "The
Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and 2
percent marketshare during Q2 2016, followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 edge in third
place with 8.3 million and 2 percent share.

Apple iPhone 6 has been on sale for almost two years and it remains near the top
of best-seller lists in many regions like Europe. Samsung's Galaxy S7 edge has
proven popular among high-end consumers and its curved hardware design has given
the firm a differentiator that Apple's iPhone portfolio does not yet offer."As
per the report, global smartphone shipments slightly increased +1% annually
during the Q2 2016. The report estimates that the top 20 families of models
accounted for 7 in 10 of all smartphones shipped worldwide during the quarter.
Apple and Samsung top the charts, but Huawei's Ascend and Honor, Xiaomi's Redmi,
OPPO's R series, LG's K series, LeEco's Le Series and Vivo's X and Y series are
quietly gaining traction.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                Kolkata Edition

Vodafone to Offer Latest iPhones with Usage Plans

SECTION: COMOANIES & ECONOMY

LENGTH: 204 words


Vodafone India, the country's No. 2 carrier, has said that it will offer iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus, beginning Friday, October 16, combined with some data and
calling plans which could translate into freebies worth around . 8,885 for
subscribers.' Existing or new Vodafone India customers can pre-order starting
Friday, October 9, a new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus from the telco's website or
Amazon.Pay ' . 1,299 one time upfront and get a monthly quota of 3GB mobile
internet, 4,000 free local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and national SMSes
for the next six months from the time of purchase without any additional
payments.

Charges above plan limits will be 50p/ MB for data usage, 50p/SMS and 50p/ min
for voice calls, the telco said in a release issued Friday.

The company said that roaming, international calling and value-added-services
charges will be extra as applicable. All customers on the RED 1299 plan will get
access to a relationship manager and get priority access at Vodafone stores.

In addition, customers can add family members and devices. The usage can be
pooled and shared among them.

Apple has priced the iPhone 6s 16 GB at . 62,000, the 64 GB variant at Rs 72,000
and the 128 GB version at Rs 82,000.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:25 PM GMT

iPhone 7 rumours: Will Apple finally change the one thing that winds people up
MOST about the iPhone?;
Rumours suggest Apple has made one very important decision about its entry-level
iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 396 words


The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Although the 16GB model is £80 cheaper than the the 64GB version, and £160
cheaper than the 128GB version, many claim it is inadequate for today's digital
storage demands.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are capable of recording 4K video, yet customers
with the entry-level 16GB model are only able to record 45 minutes of 4K footage
before hitting capacity.

With apps, music and photos also taking up space, it can be very difficult for
iPhone users to manage their storage.

It is not clear whether raising the amount of storage from 16GB to 32GB would
result in a price hike for the base model iPhone 7.

However, Apple announced its first ever drop in iPhone sales last month, so
increasing the starting price would be a potentially risky move.

Apple was rumoured to be ditching the 16GB model with the launch of the iPhone
6s in 2015, but eventually decided against it.

Read more: Short of storage on your iPhone? This bizarre trick will
automatically free up more space

Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president of worldwide marketing,
defended the decision, claiming that many users now store their music, photos
and video in the iCloud.

"The most price-conscious customers are able to live in an environment where
they don't need gobs of local storage, because these services are lightening
fast," he said during an episode of The Talk Show podcast.

Other rumours suggest Apple is planning to remove the physical Home button from
the front of the iPhone 7, as well as the headphone jack, forcing people to use
headphones with a Lightning connector.

The new device is also expected to be waterproof, and feature a dual-lens
camera.

Read more: iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest
rumours about Apple's smartphone for 2016

For all other Apple handsets, see our pick of the best iPhone deals this week.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      October 30, 2015 Friday 5:40 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, news and rumours - everything about Apple's
next phone;
Apple's iPhone 6s may only be a few months old, but there's already plenty of
speculation on what 2016's model will bring

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 635 words


The Apple iPhone 6s was, as we all expected, a massive hit for the world's most
valuable company.

Apple tinkered and changed a few things for its newest smartphone, introducing
cool new features like 3D touch and Live pictures.

But it doesn't take long for the technology world to start speculating on what
the next iteration will bring.

Mere months after Apple's big event in San Francisco, internet rumours are
already starting to circulate about an upcoming iPhone 7.

We've gathered together all the latest news and rumours into one place and will
continue to update this as we learn more.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design.

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue.

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews, Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here, plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Revealed! iPhone 6S & 6+ Prices Range From Rs. 62,000 to Rs. 92,000 in India

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

LENGTH: 403  words


It's just amazing how iPhones are able to sell millions of units Worldwide at
the prices they come at - After death of Steve Jobs, many people had thought
that iPhone aura will diminish - but that's not happened. The sales of iPhone
are setting record after record, even though each and every iteration of iPhone
is getting increasingly expensive.

According to various media outlets, for the first time, Apple is planning a
blockbuster launch for it's newest iPhone 6S and 6 Plus in India. The launch
event is expected to happen on October 16th of this month.

But the prices of iPhone 6S and 6+ has already been revealed and the cheapest
iPhone 6S (16GB) will put you down by Rs. 62,000 - nearly $1000! On the other
end the most expensive unit will be iPhone 6 plus 128 GB that will have a price
tag of whopping Rs. 92,000 or close to $1450.

Here is the price list for all versions:

Even though the price of iPhone is so high, Apple expects better sale numbers in
India compared to all previous versions. In India, iPhone is just not a
smartphone - it is a device that is bought to be flaunted and has the highest
"richness" quotient!

While, most consumers know that Apple themselves make over $500 profit
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/10/01/apple-earning-513-iphone-6s-plus-
iphones-smash-sales-record/) on each of their phone, people still make a beeline
in front of Apple stores worldwide.

Growing India Importance

It is also for the first time that Apple is forging partnerships with Indian
telecom operators well in advance of launch date. Till now, iPhone plans
released by operators came out months later from the launch date.

Like always, Apple will be offering EMI Schemes, where consumers will need to
pay only a small upfront amount and rest can be paid in 12 or 24 month
installments. It is expected that iPhone plans will come with bundled data
offers or even unlimited data in case of some plans.

There is a reason why Apple no more looks at India as a dumping ground for
iPhones. For the first time in history, the growth of Apple products, especially
iPhones, has been more in India compared with China
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/07/23/apple-india-market-growth-overtakes-chi
na/). For the period between April to June, 2015, iPhones recorded a growth of
93% in India, which more than growth in Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Turkey
and China.

So, what's your take? Will you buy iPhones at that price?

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 11:23 AM GMT

Win an iPhone 6S!;
We're giving away an iPhone 6S as a thank you to our mobile app users

BYLINE: By James Warner

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 112 words


The Birmingham Mail mobile app is three years old and, to celebrate, we're
giving away a brand new iPhone 6S to one lucky app user!

To enter, simply click the button below. We'll pick one winner at random from
all valid entries on Monday 6th June. Good luck!

Win an iPhone 6S Jotform

If you cant see the entry form click here to open

Competition closes 9am Monday 6th June.

Entrants must live within postcodes B, WV, WS or DY.

One winner will be selected at random after the closing date.

The winner will receive a brand new iPhone 6S 16GB.

The Birmingham Mail will contact the winner to arrange receipt of their prize.

No whole/part cash alternative.

Std. Trinity Mirror rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Will the iPhone 7 be waterproof?

LENGTH: 168  words


By tbreak Staff -

The iPhone 6S has just come out, but that won't stop Apple from focusing on the
iPhone 7. Neither will it stop the rumours surrounding it.

After the huge bendgate debacle of the iPhone 6, Apple used reinforced 7000
series aluminium on the iPhone 6S. However, recent rumours suggest that Apple
might take it a step further with iPhone 7, making it the first waterproof
iPhone. Recent rumours reports a number of iPhone prototypes sporting rubberized
edges and features. There were previous rumours of Apple researching a variety
of waterproofing technologies such as silicon seals for entry points and
encapsulated SoC processors.

Earlier waterproofing tests for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus showed it to last
under water for surprisingly up to an hour, suggesting Apple is already on its
way to waterproof phones. However we do not recommend you to try diving with
your iPhone yet. If compulsory, get some water proofing accessories or simply
wait for the iPhone 7 and hope that the rumours are true.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 11:31 AM GMT

Win an iPhone 6S!;
We're giving away an iPhone 6S as a thank you to our mobile app users

BYLINE: By James Warner

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 115 words


The Birmingham Mail mobile app is three years old and, to celebrate, we're
giving away a brand new iPhone 6S to one lucky app user!

To enter, simply complete the form below.

We'll pick one winner at random from all valid entries on Monday 6th June. Good
luck!

Win an iPhone 6S Jotform

If you cant see the entry form click here to open

Terms and Conditions

Competition closes 9am Monday 6th June.

Entrants must live within postcodes B, WV, WS or DY.

One winner will be selected at random after the closing date.

The winner will receive a brand new iPhone 6S 16GB.

The Birmingham Mail will contact the winner to arrange receipt of their prize.

No whole/part cash alternative.

Std. Trinity Mirror rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Apple postpones iPhone 6s sale in Turkey after Ankara attack

LENGTH: 189  words


Apple had previously said the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus would be available in
Turkey, India and Malaysia on Oct. 16. However, the release date has now been
changed to Oct. 23, according to the Apple Turkey website.

The postponement was due to the twin bomb attack in Ankara, a report on
appletoolbox.com website said on Wednesday, citing an emailed statement from an
Apple Turkey representative.

The representative was quoted by the website as saying, We have decided to
postpone iPhone 6s sales due to the tragic attacks last weekend.

A twin bomb attack which had hit the Turkish capital Ankara on Oct. 10 killed 97
and injured more than 500 people. A three day mourning period was declared by
Turkish authorities after the attack, which is the deadliest in Turkey's
history.

Apple's CEO tim cook had said, Prayers, condolences, and hope for all those
affected by the bombings in Turkey, on his Twitter account after the attack.

The iPhone 6S is expected to cost 3099 TL ($1052) for 16GB in Turkey, according
to the appletoolbox.com. Turkey stands out as the most expensive country to buy
an iPhone, data compiled by the website shows.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Want the latest iPhone? Pay Rs1 lakh;
On the sly | Customs officials seize as many as 200 smuggled handsets of iPhone
6S and 6S plus at airport

BYLINE: Shahkar Abidi

LENGTH: 336  words


On the sly | Customs officials seize as many as 200 smuggled handsets of iPhone
6S and 6S plus at airport

With iPhones 6S and 6S plus yet to be launched in India, the city airport is
witnessing a spur in smuggling of the phone for sale in the grey market, where
it is sold for a premium of over Rs1 lakh. As many as 200 handsets of the above
models have been seized from passengers in the past few days by the air
intelligence unit (AIU) of Air Customs.

Customs officials claim that since these phones are not officially launched in
the country and its value is greater than the allowed permissible limit, it is
illegal to carry it in India. Therefore, any passenger bringing it along with
her/him from a foreign country will be held and action taken against her/him as
per the Provisions of Customs Act, 1962. Passengers carrying such phones in
commercial quantities are also liable to be arrested, the customs officials
added.

According to APS Suri, principal commissioner of customs (airport), most of
these phones have been seized from fliers coming from Singapore, Istanbul,
Bangkok, Hong Kong, London, Dubai and Johannesburg. "Therefore, screening of the
check-in bags, and hand bags and profiling of the passengers has increased,"
said Suri, in a statement sent to dna.

The initial questioning done on those accused reveal that many of these phones
are finding their way into grey market areas like Heera Panna, Crawford Market
in south Mumbai and Indraprasth in Borivli. The phones are being sold at over
Rs1 lakh to iPhone lovers, who cant wait for the launch.

According to reports, India, which is the seeing a smartphone revolution, is all
set to overtake US as the world's second-largest smartphone market by the year
2017.

Apple has reportedly tied up with major telecom companies in India for the
official launch planned on October 16, when it expects to see tremendous
response. Pre-booking of the phone has already been allowed on selected online
market portals.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       May 12, 2015 Tuesday 11:39 AM EST

iPhone 6s to feature 2GB of RAM, Force Touch, sturdier aluminum frame and much
more

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681  words


Click for image

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus incorporated what were arguably the most significant
upgrades Apple's smartphone had ever seen. In addition to much larger screens,
the iPhone 6 models also introduced to Apple Pay, Cupertino's take on mobile
payments.

Not surprisingly, iPhone 6 sales have been record-setting, which of course leads
one to wonder what Apple has planned in order keep its iPhone sales momentum
going strong.

Well, thanks to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, we now know a whole lot
more about what type of new features we can expect to see in Apple's next-gen
iPhone models.

One of the more exciting things about Apple's upcoming iPhones, according to
Kuo, and originally relayed by GforGames, is that they will finally come with
2GB of RAM. With more RAM in tow, next-gen iPhones will likely run a bit
smoother, a bit faster, and will be able to handle more intensive apps.

Kuo also reveals that Apple's upcoming iPhone 6s models will be powered by a
next-gen A9 processor. This tidbit shouldn't come as too much of a surprise
given that Apple has continuously enhanced the iPhone's processor each and every
year.

Some other new features to look forward to include a stronger caliber of
aluminum for the device's casing. While it's unclear if this was Apple's plan
all along, some are speculating that Apple is making the iPhone frame more
durable due to the overblown controversy that was bendgate. Also on the agenda
is an improved 12 megapixel camera. It's worth noting, though, that camera
quality isn't solely a function of megapixels. To that end, expect to see Apple
really up the ante in terms of photographic performance with some additional
software tweaks.

As if that weren't enough, Kuo also writes that Apple's next-gen iPhone models
will feature Force Touch functionality, similar to what Apple has implemented on
the Apple Watch and the recently released MacBook. It remains to be seen how
Force Touch might be implemented on the iPhone, but it certainly presents some
intriguing use-case scenarios. Intriguingly, Kuo writes that Force Touch may be
positioned as the iPhone's most attractive feature.

Touch ID will reportedly be getting an upgrade as well. Echoing similar reports
from earlier in the year, Kuo relays that Touch ID will be both quicker and more
reliable on account of enhanced Touch ID sensors.

Now, if you remember the run-up to the iPhone 6, you might also remember the
bevy of rumors surrounding sapphire displays. At the time, it was largely
assumed that Apple, thanks to its partnership with GT Advanced Technologies, was
going to release a scratch-proof smartphone with a sapphire display. But as it
turned out, GT Advanced Technologies filed for bankruptcy after failing to meet
some of Apple's stringent testing requirements. Well, sapphire displays may be
back on the agenda for this upcoming release cycle. To that end, Kuo writes that
there may be a limited edition model of the iPhone 6s with a sapphire display.
If this is in fact the case, expect Apple to charge a bit of a premium for it.
Some believe that Apple may gauge the interest in such a device in order to
determine if its entire iPhone lineup should get the sapphire treatment in the
future.

GforGames adds:

More interestingly is that the report claims that if certain yield issues will
be overcome, the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus might come with a sapphire covered
display. Almost all hope for a sapphire display on an iPhone has been lost last
year when Apple's supplier, GT Advanced, went bankrupt. One source that relied
KGI's report says that Apple plans for a Limited iPhone 6s Plus edition with a
sapphire display as opposed to the new material being applied to the whole 6s
Plus line.

And finally, Kuo relays that Apple this September may introduce a new Rose Gold
color option for the iPhone.

All things considered, it looks as if Apple's next-gen iPhone will provide a
compelling upgrade opportunity for existing iPhone owners. While there may not
be an overwhelming "must-have" feature, all of the incremental upgrades, taken
together, are certainly compelling.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 6s vs iPhone 6s Plus vs iPhone SE Comparisons

LENGTH: 51  words


By tbreak Staff -

With Apple announcing the iPhone SE yesterday, you must be wondering how it
would stand up against the other major iPhone models. Hope this helps!

So what do you think? Going to get the iPhone SE or are you going to stick with
the iPhone 6s or 6s Plus and wait out for the iPhone 7? Let us know!

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Fliers Must 'Voluntarily' Declare iPhones to Customs on Arrival

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 356 words


Those waiting for Apple's latest phones from overseas via the grey market route
may not get them. And those planning to bring them from outside India without
paying duty might need to do a rethink as they could be fined. Smugglers of the
newest iPhones may even face arrest.

Noticing a massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models through
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai customs authorities have
issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declare iPhones to
customs on arrival."

They warned that passengers picked up after passing through the green channel
will be liable to pay a fine, penalty and customs duty. According to the
release, duty will be levied even on a single phone since the value of the
device exceeds the 'free allowance.' Passengers carrying iPhones in commercial
quantity are liable to be arrested.

Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lanjewar confirmed
the developments to ET and said the rules already exist and are being reiterated
to travelers.

"For goods above '. 45,000, technically passengers have to declare but most
people are not aware of it. A duty of 36% is levied on the amount above this
limit," he said.

Even if a single iPhone brought from overseas exceeds the free allowance value,
it would have to be declared and

duty would have to be paid.

The cheapest iPhone 6s, which comes with storage of 16GB, is listed on Apple's
website as costing $649 (. '42,350) while the same model on its Singapore
website can be purchased for '48,000).S$1,048 (.

When the value of undeclared goods rises above ' . 20 lakh, the authorities
proceed with arrests, Lanjewar added.

The Mumbai Airport Customs authorities have seized about 200 of the latest
iPhone models valued at ' . 1.23 crore over the past two weeks. The phones were
brought into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong Kong, London, Dubai and
other countries. Authorities have since increased screening of checked-in and
hand baggage, besides profiling of passengers.

Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on October 16 and is
yet to release the official pricing.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 16, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple: Opening-weekend sales of new iPhones may exceed last year's record

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 217  words


In a statement released on Monday, tech giant Apple said that the initial sales
of its next-generation iPhones - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus - will likely beat
the opening-weekend record set by the iPhone 6 models last year.

According to Apple's disclosure, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets
witnessed "very strong" preorders during the opening weekend; with the brisk
sales of the new handsets apparently on pace to surpass last year's
opening-weekend preorder record of 10 million units.

The new iPhones were unveiled by Apple at an event held in San Francisco on
September 9; and the preorders for the new handsets were opened on September 12.
The handsets are scheduled to hit store shelves on September 25.

Apple's predictions that the initial sales of the new iPhones during the opening
weekend will exceed the figures recorded by the last year iPhone models are
largely based on the fact that the demand of the new iPhones in China have been
quite strong. China has, this year, been added as one of the countries in which
Apple has made the new iPhones available for preorders at the outset.

Going by the predictions of Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster, the
opening-weekend sales of the new iPhones will likely touch 13 million units;
with nearly 2 million shipments attributable to China.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 15, 2015 Tuesday 9:09 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus predicted to hit sales record of more than 10
million

BYLINE: Clare Hutchison

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 221 words


Investors may have turned their noses up at the new products Apple launched last
week, but it seems consumers certainly haven't.

The tech giant is predicting that sales of the latest version of its flagship
iPhone - the 6S and 6S Plus - will hit a record when they start shipping next
week.

The company said it is likely that more than 10 million units will be snapped up
in their first weekend, beating the record set last year by predecessors the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Unlike previous iPhones' opening weekends, Chinese customers will be able to buy
the device, which has a better camera and faster operating system, at the same
time as those elsewhere, a factor that should provide an extra sales boost.

Apple starting taking preorders for the smartphones on Saturday and will begin
sending them out to customers on September 25.

The iPhone 6S Plus has so far proven particularly popular and it said it is
working to catch up with demand.

"Preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

Apple also unveiled a new version of its iPad, the iPad Pro, a revamped Apple TV
and other devices at its special event in San Francisco last week.

Shares fell around 2% after the announcement as analysts questioned Apple's
ability to continue innovating.

Additional reporting by Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Get new Apple iPhone for Rs 1 lakh within 2 days of US launch

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 531 words


KOLKATA | MUMBAI: Diehard iPhone devotees in India will be able to lay hands on
the latest models in the grey market within two days of the US launch on
September 25 by shelling out Rs 1 lakh. However, the grey market will be able to
command a premium only for a short period because in a sign of India's growing
importance as an iPhone market, Apple is expected to officially start selling
the new devices here by October 11-15.

Grey market sellers in Mumbai's Heera Panna Market and Crawford Market, Delhi's
Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market and Fancy Market said there
have been several enquiries about the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which
were unveiled by Apple in San Francisco on Wednesday, and some of them have even
started taking pre-orders.

The newly launched rose gold colour variant has turned out to be the most in
demand, and is commanding a premium.

"The price will be around Rs 1 lakh initially, but it will come down after the
company announces the official launch date. We have started getting enquiries,"
said a mobile store owner at Mumbai's Heera Panna Market.

The average price at most of these sellers will be Rs 70,000-80,000 for iPhone
6s and between Rs 80,000 and Rs 90,000 for iPhone 6s Plus. The rose gold colour
model is likely to be available at an additional premium of Rs 10,000-15,000,
six sellers in the grey market hubs of the country said. The sellers said their
agents in the US will place requests at Apple stores when the company starts
pre-bookings from Saturday and will ensure the first lot reaches within 2-3 days
of the launch. They will also start receiving supplies from Singapore, Hong Kong
and similar markets, which are nearer to India and where the new iPhones will be
launched in the first phase of rollout.

INDIA IGNORED INITIALLY

Apple launched the iconic iPhone way back in 2007, but for a long time chose to
ignore India. In the past few years, the company has increased its focus on the
country and in the last quarter iPhone sales grew by 93% in India. Absolute
sales volume, however, remain low and the company sold 0.5 million handsets in
the country in the previous quarter compared with 13-14 million in China.

In the past, Apple used to launch iPhone models in India months after they were
introduced in the US and other major markets. However, over time, this period
has shrunk. And this time, the trade expects Apple to begin selling here 15-20
days after the global launch. It is estimated that Apple will price the iPhone
6s 16GB model at Rs 65,000 and the iPhone 6s Plus 16GB variant at Rs
70,000-72,000.

The price of the 64GB and 128GB models will be much higher. The company is,
however, yet to officially announce its India pricing and launch date. A seller
in Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market said the unofficial price premium will exist
only for the first week or so after the US launch, and will subsequently come
down. "However, the rose gold colour model may continue to command a premium, as
it has generated a lot of demand and supplies will be limited," he said.

A dealer in Delhi's Gaffar Market said the new iPhones will be available by the
end of this month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

Before purchasing an iPhone SE or an iPhone 6s, here are 7 things that you must
know before heading out to make a purchase

LENGTH: 202  words


iPhone SE is a clear example of how smaller size smartphones can pack a lot of
firepower to rival that of phablets. With the 4 inch handset, Apple has made
smaller devices relevant and in more than just one way, and iPhone SE is easily
able to take on its larger sized brother, iPhone 6s. The 4.7 inch handset does
deliver a lot of features, but when you have a choice to make between the two,
there is a lot that you are unaware of and we will help you to make that
decision extremely simple, so let us get started.

1. iPhone SE packs the same hardware as iPhone 6s (if you're looking for
performance)

That is correct; if you are looking for performance from a compact handset, then
look no further than an iPhone SE. It packs the same hardware as an iPhone 6s,
because the insides comprise of Apple's A9 SoC, which features a dual-core 1.84
GHz Twister processor designed by the company itself, along with a PowerVR
GT7600 GPU. In addition, 2GB of LPDDR4 RAM is more than enough to help you
engage in multitasking options. If you are looking for another reason to go for
an iPhone SE despite its smaller screen, you will find that reason posted below.

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
»

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/146046005768.jpg



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                       March 22, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Brings back Revamped 4-inch iPhone 5S as SE at Rs 39,000; New Wine in an
Old Bottle?

BYLINE: Abhishek Joshi

LENGTH: 709  words


Apple launched its flagship iPhone 5S in September 2013 and that was its last
smartphone with screen size of 4 inches. Some were against the move to shift to
a larger screen device, while some felt inferior to Android handsets with large
displays.

At the 4-inch iPhone launch, it was also the time when people thought Apple was
digressing too far from Steve Jobs' ideology to keep a screen size small enough
to be accessed by the thumb at all corners.

Apple gave in to the pressure and launched the iPhone 6 and 6P Plus with screen
sizes at 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch. A lot many welcomed the move, but there was a
strong community of Apple fans that felt the 4-inch iPhone was the best iPhone
in terms of usability and productivity.

iPhone SE launch and product details

Yesterday at an Apple event in its headquarters at Cupertino, California, Apple
unveiled a new 4-inch handset, iPhone SE. Rumours had been going around for
quite some time now and this had kept a lot of Apple fans busy in guessing the
specs.

Just like any other product launch, iPhone SE did not disappoint. Flaunting a
4-inch retina display, the phone comes with exactly the same features as the
iPhone 6S in the body of an iPhone 5S. It even comes in a rose gold colour like
its sibling!

The phone has been launched in 16GB and 64GB variants, starting at Rs 39,000 in
India. SE will sport Apple's latest A9 processor coupled with M9 motion
processor. The camera sensor is same as that in 6S, 12MP iSight camera at the
back which shoots 4K HD video.

Thankfully Apple has put its popular TouchID with Apple Pay feature in the
budget iPhone. Apple 3D Touch is missing from the iPhone but it is just a
gimmick which users will not miss.

Why did Apple launch a 4-inch device after 3 years?

Greg Joswiak, VP - Product Marketing at Apple, said, "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4 inch phone is often their first iPhone. Some people
asked and pleaded with us. So we're calling it the iPhone SE. Our most powerful
4-inch phone ever."

Is Apple too late in listening to its customers? Yes. It is essentially an
upgraded iPhone 5S, because only the internals have changed. The externals
remain pretty much the same. So it is a hybrid between the iPhone 5S and the 6S.


Just think about it, did Apple really launch a smaller iPhone for customers who
demanded a 4-inch iPhone? If you look at Apple's sales in developing countries,
you will notice that most of the iPhones are being bought by the elite group in
the society. iPhones are still a luxury item in India, with prices starting at a
whopping Rs 62,000.

The iPhone SE slips in comfortably under other Android flagships like the Nexus
6P, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Sony Xperia Z5. Now that the features are comparable,
the only thing that differs is the screen size. This could be Apple's strategy
to capture 'affordable luxury' smartphone segment in developing nations.

Another reason by Apple came back after 3 years to launch a smaller iPhone could
also be the fact that iPhone sales have been dwindling globally. For the first
time in history, such a trend has been seen and this could worry Apple.

In fact, iPhone sales are expected to decline further this quarter, even with
the addition of new products in its line-up. Simple theory proves that Android
is gaining popularity and small startups are sprouting up to take advantage of
the open-source Android OS. Chinese and Indian manufacturers are gaining
popularity globally with inexpensive and efficient smartphones that do more than
what an iPhone can.

Lastly, the rebranded 5S and 6S combo iPhone could also allow Apple to enter
developing markets where the 6S and 6S Plus could not make an impact. This looks
like a strong strategy to launch a medium-range smartphone in economies where
Apple is seen as a luxury brand.

Apple is launching the SE in India in April and the launch price is not
attractive for a medium-range smartphone. A $399 smartphone(approximately Rs
27,000) in US comes to India at 1.5 times the price, is this really justice?

It costs about the same as a Google Nexus 6P or its sibling, iPhone 6. Although
the internals have beefed-up, the overall value proposition remains weak. Let's
see how the populace of India respond to the price tag and the smartphone
itself.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             April 2, 2016 Saturday

Apple's Short Stories

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, April 2 -- iPhone SE (4-inch; from Rs 39,000)

Two years ago, the company introduced a bigger screen by launching the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus. While the former had a 4.7-inch screen, the latter got a
5.5-inch screen.

With the iPhone 6S and its bigger sibling last year, the company continued with
the big screen sizes. However, there are customers who love sleek and small
screens, so keeping them in mind, Apple has launched a special edition of the
4-inch phone set inside the body of the iPhone 5S.

The SE comes in four colours -gold, space grey, silver and rose gold, the same
as the 6S. Even inside, it is as powerful as the 6S, running on the same 64-bit
A9 chip supported by M9 motion co-processor. On the back, you will find a
12-megapixel iSight camera.

Just like the 6S, this camera comes with true tone flash and is capable of
recording 4K video along with live photos, making it the most powerful camera on
the market on a 4-inch phone. But one major difference between the 6S and the SE
is the absence of the 3D Touch feature, which lets you press on the touch screen
with varying levels of pressure to access different menus.

This absence means features like live photos are accessed through a long press.
The Retina Flash feature, where the screen works as a flash when you try to make
selfies in low light conditions, also makes the leap from the 6S to the SE. The
powerful features like hands-free 'Hey Siri' makes the new phone similar to the
costly 6S, albeit in a smaller body. And the big news here is the price. While
the flagship iPhones start at $600, the SE, which is in effect a smaller 6S in a
beautiful aluminium body, starts at just $400.

Available in 16 and 64GB variants, the starting price in India will be Rs
39,000, but expect retailers to price it very competitively.

iPad Pro(9.7-inch, from Rs 49,900)

Last September, Apple surprised the customers by not releasing a normal iPad.
Instead, it came out with a iPad Pro, with a 12.9-inch screen. It is quite
useful for the graphic designers, artists and photographers. Now, with the
9.7-inch iPad Pro, the tech giant is bringing all the power and functionality of
the bigger beast within 9.7-inch.

With a Retina display in an aluminium unibody that comes with the usual colours
of silver, space grey, gold and rose gold, the display features a new technology
called the True Tone.

It uses new four channel sensors to dynamically adjust the white balance. It
means the display will automatically adjust to the lighting conditions around
you so that you get a natural, accurate, paper-white experience.

That body, for the first time ever on an iPad, features a four-speaker audio
system. On the back, there is a familiar but ugly camera bump, which is usually
found on the 6 line-up of iPhones. However, it has a powerful 12-megapixel
camera embedded within, and it is capable of shooting both Live Photos and 4K
video. Inside, the iPad packs the latest 64-bit A9X processor. This also
supports both the Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard accessories, making sketching
or typing super easy. Available in 32 GB, 128 GB and 256GB configurations,
prices start from Rs 49,900.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

iPhone is on track for record sales, says tech giant

BYLINE: Colin McNeill

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 251 words


HUNDREDS of Apple fans have queued overnight to get their hands on the latest
iPhone.

Tech lovers queued around the block outside Apple's Buchanan Street store in
Glasgow ahead of the launch yesterday, with some waiting in line for 23 hours.

Apple claims demand for its new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus could surpass the
record-breaking sales of iPhone 6 last year.

Marius Ostachi, 17, a student at Shawlands Academy who waited for 23 hours in
the queue to get his hands on the new gadget, said: "I want to see what new apps
and technology it brings. I feel like I'm famous just for getting a new phone."

Matthew Casey, 21, a software engineer from Glasgow, waited since 6.30am for his
reserved phone.

He said: "I feel bad because some people have been waiting for hours and I've
just swooped in at the last minute.

"I've always known about the cult of Apple but I'd never been a part of it
before. Now it seems that I'm the leader of the cult in Scotland."

The new iPhone 6s, which was unveiled earlier this month, comes with an improved
camera in both the front and rear, as well as a pressure sensitive screen -
where users can press more firmly in order to open new shortcuts - a feature
Apple calls 3D Touch.

The firm said pre-orders were "on pace" to match those of the iPhone 6 launch in
last year, when that device went on to sell more than 10million units in three
days.

Phil Schiller, Apple's head of worldwide marketing said: "Customer response to
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly positive."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     December 2, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Android-device manufacturer OnePlus launches sandstone cases for iPhone 6/6S

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 217  words


According to a 9to5Mac report, Chinese device manufacturer OnePlus - which has
launched three interesting Android-powered handsets thus far - has now created
an accessory for the Apple iPhone.

The report has revealed that the accessory which OnePlus is selling for the
iPhone - the biggest competitor of Android in the smartphone market - is a slick
sandstone case for two models of the handset --- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S cases being sold by OnePlus are priced at $19.99
(15.99). The cases come with the same Sandstone Black finish as one of the most
popular rear panels which is currently available for OnePlus' high-end flagship
handsets -- the OnePlus One and OnePlus 2.

Moreover, the OnePlus case for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S handsets also features the
manufacturer's logo as well as its motto, '#NeverSettle,' which is printed
inside the cases, alongside a "Get a grip" message.

In addition, the iPhone cases being offered by OnePlus also, strangely, come
with a OnePlus physical invite card, which allows buyers to purchase OnePlus'
latest mid-range handset -- the OnePlus X.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 7 will be running an Intel LTE chip, according to reports

LENGTH: 371  words


By tbreak Staff -

While Intel lost out on a lucrative deal with Apple in incorporating its LTE
chips inside iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 2016 is going to be the company's
year because iPhone 7 is going to feature Intel's LTE chips. According to a
source, Intel's 7360 LTE modem chip is going to be present inside the next
iPhone lineup. However, we are not going to count out Qualcomm out of the
partnership deal immediately because if Intel is unable to provide a substantial
amount of LTE chip units, then Apple would be forced to call in the cavalry in
the form of Qualcomm.

Currently, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus both feature Qualcomm's 9×45 LTE chip,
which has been processed on the 20nm technology. The modem is able to satisfy
Cat 6 speeds, which can download up to a speed of 300Mbps and upload up to a
speed of 50Mbps. The upcoming iteration of chips that are going to be present
inside iPhone 7 will no doubt be able to deliver higher speeds than this, or
Apple could choose to retain Cat 6 LTE modems altogether.

One reason why we believe that Intel is going to be chief supplier for Apple's
LTE chips is because the former already has a foundry that manufactures 14nm
chips, giving Apple the perfect opportunity to sign a deal and begin the design
process. The source also mentions the following:

"Sources with knowledge of the situation say that Apple eventually would like to
create a system-on-a-chip (SoC) that includes both the phone's Ax processor and
the LTE modem chip. A system-on-a-chip design could deliver significant returns
in improved speed and better power management. Apple would design the SOC, which
would carry an Apple brand name, and would license the LTE modem intellectual
property from Intel for the SOC."

Intel is already working on a 10nm process which will be used to manufacture the
company's upcoming Canonlake lineup of processors, so Apple will be looking into
this closely. If everything pans out well for Intel, it could mean curtains for
Qualcomm, at least for 12 months.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/144510358260.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/26/144510358434.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/144510358553.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/144510358687.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Zain KSA to launch new iPhone pre-ordering Friday

LENGTH: 51  words


ZAIN KSA will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones
ever, beginning on Saturday (Oct. 10). Customers can pre-order iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus beginning on Friday, October 2nd, 2015 at www.shop.sa.zain.com .
For more information on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com /iphone." - SG

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2015 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

13m go crazy for the i of 6;
NEW APPLE RECORDBUSTER

BYLINE: AOIFE FINNERAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 298 words


KER-CHING! That's the sound of 13million new iPhones ringing through shop tills
around the world.

Yesterday's hotly anticipated launch of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus kicked off a
bumper weekend of sales for tech giant Apple.

Analysts are predicting that records will tumble, with the clamour surpassing
the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, when 10million units were snapped up in
the first weekend.

Unfortunately for Irish customers, if you can't order online you'll have to wait
several weeks for the mobiles to go on sale in stores.

But as a consolation prize, Apple served up an alternative tech fan treat
yesterday in the form of its first wearable device, the Apple Watch.

The coming months will see the US tech giant attempt to tighten its grip on the
premium market, with a watch tie-up with fashion label Hermes and the launch of
a larger iPad Pro.

Competition for smartphone dominance is certainly hotting producer Huawei
unveiled its Apple and Samsung slayer in the shape of its pressuresensitive Mate
S. Eye-watering price-tags aren't putting us off either.

The sim-free 16GB version of the iPhone 6s will set you back (EURO)649, with the
64GB version costing (EURO)759. The larger 6s Plus starts at (EURO)759 for the
16GB version and (EURO)869 with 64GB memory.

Yet iconic iPhones still shift at a rate of 34,000 per hour, or 74.5million
every three months.

Are these shiny little boxes of tech magic worth all the hype? And has anything
really changed since the first iPhone was released in 2007? Earlier this month,
US talk show host Jimmy Kimmel got a surprising answer. He invited people to
assess the iPhone 6S - but handed them the original, now defunct iPhone. The
result? Unsuspecting critics heaped praise on the dinosaur model for its
"sharper" resolution and "sleek" new design.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OBJECT OF DESIRE ... iPhone 6sQUEUE-i ... punters wait to get hands on
new phone in London yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple Says iPhone Pre-Orders Are Beating Last Year's Pace

BYLINE: KATIE BENNER

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 150 words



HIGHLIGHT: Global pre-orders for the company&#8217;s iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus are on track to beat last year&#8217;s sales of 10 million new iPhones in
the first weekend last year.


Apple said Monday that global pre-orders for its latest iPhones were on track to
beat last year's sales of 10 million devices in the first weekend, which was a
record for the company.

"Online demand has exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period," Trudy
Muller, an Apple spokeswoman, said. Ms. Miller said the company was working to
catch up as with demand and that the phones would be available in Apple retail
stores next Friday.

Investor expectations are high for the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which
were introduced at a huge product release event last week in San Francisco.

After Apple introduced the first iteration of its larger-screen iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, the company posted an $18 billion profit, the most profitable
quarter ever for a publicly traded company, in its fourth quarter of fiscal
2014.

IPhone pre-orders began over the weekend and the phones go on sale Sept. 25.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Man tries to sell kidney for iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 591  words


In today's trending, a man tries to sell his kidney for an iPhone 6s,
Rolls-Royce owner forgives driver who hit him, college freshmen begin military
training, and man divorces wife after winning lottery.

iPhone 6s. [Photo/Apple Inc]

Man plans to sell kidney for iPhone 6s

Many have joked about selling their kidneys for Apple products, but for two
young men in Yangzhou, Jiangsu province, it was more than a joke. They actually
contacted an illegal agent to sell their kidneys, reported Modern Express on
Tuesday.

One of the men, surnamed Wu, wanted an iPhone 6s but couldn't afford it. His
friend Huang suggested they sell a kidney each for money.

The two then found an illegal agent on the Internet who asked them to take
medical examinations in a hospital in Nanjing. However, when they arrived on
Sept 12, the agent didn't appear as scheduled.

After calming down later that day, Wu reconsidered selling his organ. He told
his friend to stop the plan but Huang wouldn't listen. Wu then called the police
but Huang ran away and has been out of reach ever since.

Next up, a Rolls-Royce driver decides to pardon a driver who hit his car.

The site of the accident. [Photo/hnr.cn]

Rolls-Royce owner pardons driver who hit him

Hitting an expensive car would be a disaster for most people, but a luxury car
owner turned out to be unexpectedly merciful in Zhengzhou, Henan province,
hnr.cn reported on Tuesday.

A van unfortunately hit a Rolls-Royce recentlywhen trying to avoid an
electromobile, causing damage to the limousine. However, the Rolls-Royce owner
decided to pay for the cost by himself, as the van driver was unable to afford
it.

The damage cost about 700,000 to 800,000 yuan ($109,970-$125,600), estimated an
insurance company.

In our next story, freshmen start off the new school year with compulsory
military training.

The freshmen in military training. [Photo/IC]

Thousands of freshmen start military training

For college freshmen, the new school year means the start of military training!

About 9,000 freshmen from the three campuses of Wuhan University of Technology
started their military training on Monday in Wuhan city, capital of central
China's Hubei province.

A total of 7,000 students dressed up in military uniforms and formed lineups
based on their majors and colleges, crowding a square on the Nanhu Campus of the
university.

Every year, when new school semester kicks off, millions of Chinese students
will undergo two weeks of compulsory military training as they begin their new
lives in high schools or colleges.

In our next story, a man strikes lottery, only to divorce his wife immediately
after.

Screenshot shows the woman in a TV program which was reporting her case.

Man divorces wife after winning lottery

A man who won the lottery divorced his wife the day before he received the
money, The Chongqing Morning Post reported on Tuesday.

Liu Xiang in Chongqing received the 4.6 million yuan in lottery prize money on
February 26, one day after he divorced his wife.

Discovering that the ticket was bought before their divorce, his wife took him
to court and got 1.15 millionyuan in the end in September.

The man was having an affair before the divorce.

That's all for today's trending, do check back tomorrow for more!

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/144228967436.jpg

eca86bd9dcd81761d52306.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/144228967829.jpg

eca86bd9dcd81761d36503.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/144228968040.jpg

eca86bd9dcd81761d35201.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/144228968253.bmp

eca86bd9dcd81761d4c804.bmp

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 25, 2016 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

First impressions of SE: It's cute, it's more than capable;
And Apple's new, smaller iPhone has a familiar feel

BYLINE: Ed Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 499 words


As a guy who is fully invested in phablet-sized phones, including my own iPhone
6 Plus, I'm not the ideal candidate for the iPhone SE, which Apple started
taking pre-orders for Thursday.  If you missed it, the $399 and $499 SE model
have a 4-inch display just like the iPhone 5s, and a similar design.

I plan to spend a bit of time living with a smaller form-factor iPhone again,
but now that I've got one in my hands here are a few quick thoughts:

The SE will appeal to people who don't like the phablet size. I've suspected as
much ever since Apple announced its new phone Monday, but the SE got a quick,
positive reaction from the people I showed it to around my office. OK, so it's
not a scientific study. But one editor who's not into gadgets and who still
carries around an iPhone 3G -- yes, with its 3.5-inch display, it's actually a
device she'd be moving up in size from -- told me that she'd actually consider
buying this one. Her first reaction to the SE: "Whoa!"

Aside from size, how does the SE differ from the 6S or 6S Plus with which it
shares most specs? The SE brings most of the advanced capabilities of the
state-of-the-art iPhone 6S or 6S Plus, including Apple's robust A9 processor, M9
motion processor, 12-megapixel rear camera with the ability to capture "Live
Photos" (a snippet of video comes before and after still images) and capture 4K
video.

What it lacks is 3D Touch, the pressure-sensitive technology that leads to
different outcomes depending on how hard you press against the display. That's a
nice, if non-essential, feature.

Meantime, there are two settings on the 6S and 6S Plus that are missing on the
SE simply because they're not necessary given the size. One is called
Reachability. On a larger iPhone when you gently double-tap the home button the
top portion of the display moves down toward the bottom, which lets you better
handle the bigger display with one-hand.

The second missing feature is the Display Zoom setting that lets you choose
either standard size on-screen icons and controls or, given the more generous
screen real estate, a larger-zoomed view.

Cuteness counts. The baby iPhone is, well, like an adorable baby. You want to
pick it up and hold it, and when you do you get that warm and fuzzy feeling.
While I've already indicated that I'll more than likely stick with a larger
phone -- for starters, I can see what's on the screen better -- somehow my
comparatively ginormous "Plus" model is nowhere near as cute.

The new iPhone is a familiar iPhone. The only accommodation in the SE is the
size, and if you have a 5s there will be virtually no adjustment. Everything
else is familiar, from setting up the device to running (all the same) apps.

If you're counting on new features -- water resistance, say, or fast wireless
charging as on the Samsung Galaxy S7 -- you'll have to hold out for an iPhone 7
or whatever Apple chooses to call its next device. If all goes according to the
usual plan, we won't see anything of the sort before the fall.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Julie Jacobson, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       October 5, 2015 Monday 1:55 PM GMT

iPhone glitch renders apps useless as zoomed-in display ruins Apple Pay and
applications you use every day;
The rogue software bug causes apps on iPhone 6S to appear much larger than usual
on screen, pushing buttons off the edge of the display

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 271 words


Apple's latest iPhone 6s has been hit by an irritating glitch that renders some
everyday apps unusable.

The glitch appears to have affected people who upgraded from an iPhone 5, 5s or
5c and causes some apps to appear zoomed-in on the larger display.

The bloated display means that some buttons are pushed off the side of the
screen, ruining the functionality.

Apps that are affected include Wallet, Weather, Watch, Health and Caluclator.

Those that have been hit appear to have used Apple's iCloud backup to transfer
their settings and content across from the older iPhones.

"I can't activate any cards since the button to input the activation codes is
seemingly cut off. So Apple Pay is useless with this bug, it's not just
cosmetic," wrote one disgruntled user on Apple's discussion forum .

Another added: "Apple's QC on usability issues is just getting dismal. I really
hate to say it (because I got sick of people saying it years ago), but I believe
Steve would have had heads rolling for crap like this by now. Really getting
tired of this stuff."

While Apple hasn't commented on the bug, according to Macrumors is believed to
be aware of the issue and is working on an update to fix it.

To avoid the issue completely requires setting your new iPhone 6s up as a brand
new device. Unfortunately, you'll lose data from your older iPhone.

The existence of the bug doesn't appear to have hurt Apple's credibility too
much though.

It was announced this morning that the company is the world's most valuable
brand for the third year running and is worth an estimated £112 billion.

A first look at the iPhone 6s

Have you bought an iPhone 6s?

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

WATCH: Turn your iPhone 6s into iPhone 7 in this wacky video

LENGTH: 187  words


Though iPhone 7 is not yet out in the stores, anyone who is desperate to have
one as early as now can tune into this weird two-minute YouTube video
instructing users how to turn their iPhone 6s into an iPhone 7.

In the viral video uploaded by Peripatetic Pandas on Tuesday, it demonstrates 10
'carefree' steps on how to engineer an iPhone 7 without knocking on Apple's
headquarters. First, the man in the video eliminated the headphone jack of the
iPhone 6s and then drilled two holes for dual speakers. The next outrageous step
he did was to get a spare iPhone 6 and snipped its camera and glued it onto the
other iPhone 6s prototype.

Then he firmly placed masking tape onto the phone's body and swooshed deep-blue
spray paint. It is whispered among tech news sites that the next flagship
product of Apple would wear its deep bluish coat.

After the spray painting procedure, he removed the masking tape and voila, the
'brand new' iPhone 7. To social media's 'bewilderment,' plenty of YouTube users
glorified Peripatetic Pandas for his creativity.

The hilarious do-it-yourself clip hast gotten 124,000 views as of this writing.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Apple opens first retail stores in the Middle East

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami and Sarah Diaa Staff Reporters

LENGTH: 717 words


Dubai: The Middle East's first Apple stores officially opened in Dubai and Abu
Dhabi on Thursday.

In Dubai and Abu Dhabi, residents and tourists flocked to the Apple stores in
Mall of the Emirates and Yas Mall.

Crowds queued at the doors for hours waiting for the grand opening and viewed
everything from the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to the Apple Watch and
Beats headphones.

Angela Ahrendts, senior vice-president of retail and online stores at Apple,
attended the Dubai store's opening.

The outlets feature more than 150 products including Apple Watches, iPhones,
MacBook Pros, Beats headphones, iPads, iMacs, Apple TVs and select third-party
accessories.

Majority of the consumers said that they wanted to buy Apple gadgets from the
store because they are the first Apple stores in the region, making it a special
experience. They also said that they wanted to be part of the opening.

Meanwhile, some shoppers said that they were drawn to the store because Apple
offers better customer service than other resellers of Apple products.

One man who was queuing outside the Dubai store came from Abu Dhabi to buy the
iPhone 6s Plus and a MacBook Pro. He said that he waited for the opening of the
store to buy the products. "I prefer to have my iPhone from the first Apple
store in the Middle East. I am also here because they have free training of how
to use the products," said Hatef Khoury, adding that he planned to go to the
opening of the other Apple store in Abu Dhabi.

Similarly, Indian tourist Mudit Jain said that he "wanted to be part of the
inauguration" of the store. He wanted to buy an Apple Watch and an iPhone 6s.
Some consumers left the store with their purchases. Rashid Bin Safwan, an
Emirati living in Dubai, bought accessories for his iPhone and MacBook Pro.

"What's great about an Apple store is that the service there is good. I have
been through bad experiences with other retailers in the UAE, but when I went to
an Apple store in Europe, they tried to fix my iPhone, and when they couldn't
they replaced it with a new one," he said.

Albert Jokelin, 14, was the first customer in line, waiting for six hours until
the grand opening in Abu Dhabi. He was also the first buyer, purchasing a gold
iPhone 6S. Jokelin had been eyeing an Apple purchase for some time, before
hearing about the opening.

Natalie Arzoumarian, an Abu Dhabi resident, came to the opening with her two
children. "We've been to Apple stores in France, London, and Spain. My son is
absolutely addicted to Apple, so we knew we had to come to their first store in
Abu Dhabi. We already have the Apple TV, Apple Watch, iPhones and Apple laptops,
but we're checking the Apple watch again and might buy one," she said.

Another customer, Harish Chand, who waited in line for three hours, said that he
has never been to any Apple store, so he was excited to visit the first one
here. "I'm really looking forward to buying an iPhone 6s Plus," he said.

Also in line was Saeed Ebrahim, 17, who got an email from Apple informing him
about the opening in the capital. "I've been waiting in line for three hours to
buy an iPhone. After hearing the announcement from Apple, I was really
interested in attending the grand opening," Ebrahim said.

Apple has been present in the Middle East for more than 30 years, and its
products have been popular with consumers here, according to Wendy Beckman,
Apple's retail division head for Europe and the Middle East.

The store's design is similar to that of Apple stores in the US, with large
glass displays, oak tables and minimalist interiors.

Green is a strong feature in the store, which has trees imported from the
Netherlands and a "[#x2dc]green wall' made of small plants. It also has a big
video wall next to a relaxing area with tables and trees.

Both the new stores offer the same services offered by Apple worldwide,
including free workshops, special events and year-round programmes for children.

The tech giant currently has 466 retail stores across 17 countries, including
the stores in Dubai and Abu Dhabi.

"It was important to us that we open in Dubai and Abu Dhabi on the same day.
They're both incredible cities, each for their own reasons, and we expect both
will be very popular with residents and tourists alike," Beckman told
journalists during a media preview in Dubai on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 4, 2015 Friday 7:15 AM GMT

What to expect from the iPhone 6s/7, Apple's next all-conquering gadget;
Apple's getting ready to reveal a new phone on September 9 - here's what we're
expecting to see

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 480 words


Apple is heavily rumoured to reveal the iPhone 6s in under a week's time.

The invitations have been sent out and the internet rumourmill has gone into
overdrive.

There are a few things we can be reasonably certain of before CEO Tim Cook takes
to the stage next Wednesday.

Firstly it's unlikely that we'll see a fully-formed iPhone 7.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's more likely is that the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Apple isn't in the habit of making us wait ages to get our hands on their newest
releases.

The company usually has its latest wares out in the shops in under a month,
meaning we could all have our hands on a new iPhone before October rolls around.

That is, if we can brave the massive queues.

Are you desperate for the latest iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday

Tech talk: Are you upgrading to iPhone 7 Plus?

LENGTH: 463 words


by Courtesy of Artipot Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant.


Whatever is running inside your mind, we are trying to tell you the differences
in the iPhone 7 Plus and the iPhone 6s plus. The choice is yours according to
your requirement for luxury, quality, features, technology, and of course the
budget.



Design Remain Identical, Yet Some Improvements

When looking at the design and the size of the handset, there is no change from
last three years. However, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant. So,
the submersion for upto 30 minutes cannot harm your phone, while with iPhone 6s
Plus, some splashes are allowed for this device. The headphone jack is no longer
available on the newest iPhone. It is considered as good and has been welcomed
by Apple addicts, due to the new EarPod or wireless AirPod. Luckily, you have
now two more colour options in iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and also a new storage model
of 256GB which is the newest.

Performance Beast or What?

It's genuine for Apple bringing new device with new processor and co-processor.
But, this time, it's not only the A10 chip, it's A10 Fusion chipset with quad
core CPU and 3GB RAM -- an obvious upgrade from the predecessor for faster
performance and more seamless experience. The 4G has also become stronger with
the speed of upto 450mBit.

Camera: The Magical and Most Advanced Part

When we compare iPhones, wonders will never cease. With every new phone, the
camera has become more and more advanced and improved in quality and clarity.
The iSight camera now is not just a phone camera, but a biggest camera module
with hundreds of new and high-end features in iPhone 7 Plus, especially, with
its dual 12MP sensors with OIS and 2x optical zoom.

Battery is Bigger, to be Better:

Removing the headphone jack, company has given more space to the chip and the
battery. But, it seems not too effective with one extra hour of boost than the
iPhone 6s Plus. The new iPhone 7 Plus is although offering a massive battery
with an extra hour of power backup, but it consumes by the haptic motors which
energise the touchscreen to lit-up.

Enormous Space to Store Stuff:

iPhone 7 has just made a revolutionary upgrade in the storage with this new
model. However, there is good news for the budget people who are not good enough
to buy this exorbitantly pricy iPhone 7 Plus 256GB model can go for the
predecessor, because it is better to buy Apple iPhone 6s Plus 128GB model online
instead of the 32GB iPhone 7 Plus at the almost identical price tag. However, it
is said that Apple will soon give you the 2016 tweak model of iPhone 6s plus
with the upgraded 256GB option.

Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016

http://imgs.syndigate.info/42/89/31/147549623997.jpg

Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus water resistant.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 7, 2015 Monday 3:02 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumoured to feature pressure-sensitive 3D Touch Display - and it could
make you better at FIFA;
Is Apple feeling the pressure? The new display on the iPhone 6s will be able to
tell how hard you press, say experts

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 733 words


Apple will be introducing a "3D Touch Display" when it reveals the
highly-anticipated iPhone 6s later this week, according to new rumours.

The screen will be able to differentiate between three different levels of
pressure: a tap, a press and a prolonged press.

Experts suggest it is a revamped version of the same "Force Touch" technology
used in the Apple Watch and new Macbook computer.

It will mean app developers can build extra functionality into their programs or
games.

Imagine playing FIFA and being able to control the power of your shot or pass
with how hard you press down on the screen.

According to Apple site 9to5Mac, the 3D Touch name comes from the screen's
ability to sense three separate dimensions of pressure, compared to just two.

Have your say in our new comments section below

Apple is also believed to be making the body of the new iPhone stronger -
avoiding the "bendgate" criticism it has faced in the past.

Something that could be even more important if we're pressing our phones even
harder.

Here's a round up of all the other iPhone 6s intelligence we've gleaned so far:

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5s were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6s, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C .

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                             GCCoastWeekend Edition

How about them Apples?

BYLINE: WITH ANDREW POTTS

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 519  words


The groundbreaking company has just launched its latest offering, the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus, complete with 3D touch, in a bid to hold off its competitors in the
ever-evolving smartphone market

APPLE has launched its latest line of products with the bang tech fans are
accustomed to, showing off everything from the latest iPhone to a new iPad.

Nearly four years after the death of Apple founder Steve Jobs, the company has
made its latest pitch to retain position as the market's leading innovator.

Unlike last year there was no live performance by U2, no new phone design and no
free album given out to all consumers.

Instead this year Apple boss Tim Cook came to Cupertino in Silicon Valley armed
with the largest iPad ever released and the most technologically advanced iPhone
.

Unveiled in the early hours of Thursday morning (AEST time), the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus appear virtually identical to 2014's model but under the covers you will
find a near totally different phone.

A major feature is the 3D touch, which allows users to do different things
depending on how hard they press the screen.

Both multi-touch and force touch can be used and this means the phone can detect
gestures and open new menus based on how hard the screen is pressed.

The new phones carry an A9 chip which is marketed as being 80 per cent faster
than the iPhone 6 and is thought to have about 90 per cent greater display
power.

Meanwhile the new iPad Pro has stepped up in the power stakes and has a much
larger screen which is about 32.7cm.

This allows a full-sized virtual keyboard to be displayed on its screen while in
use, though Apple is now also marketing a line of physical keyboards to be
carried alongside it.

But be prepared to pay up, because the iPhone 6S retails for between $1079 and
$1379 while the 6S Plus goes as high as $1529.

Bond University technology expert Dr Stephen Holden tells Coast Weekend Apple's
launch was a "steady as she goes" affair in a bid to preserve their position as
the market leader.

"From a business perspective Apple are the market leaders and it always has to
be a case of steady as she goes," he says. "When you are at the top of the
market there is only one way to go and that's down which is what Apple are
trying to avoid by solidifying its position.

"However they are starting to follow some of what Samsung has been doing with
its phones and from a market perspective we are not looking for a hero here,
they all exist in a symbiotic relationship and feed off each other." Dr Holden
says both operating systems iOS and Android were increasingly borrowing from
each other's innovations.

"These two companies, Apple and Samsung, especially poke ideas out there through
their phones and tablets and then watch closely to see what works," he says. "If
an idea flies then you can bet your bottom dollar that the other will borrow it
for their next phone.

"This is great for consumers because the competition keeps allowing for
innovation." Has Apple solidified its position?

We'll find out on September 25 when the products begin rolling out.Do you have a
tech query for Pottsy? Email andrew.potts@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Gold Coast Bulletin


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

An iPhone That Keeps Apple's Promises

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH FIX; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1458 words


Apple's iPhone, just short of 10 years old, has hit puberty.

Like adolescents coping with awkward changes to their bodies, the iPhone 7, due
for release on Friday, introduces some uncomfortable transitions. They include
the much ballyhooed removal of the headphone jack and the replacement of the
physical home button with a virtual one.

For Apple customers, this creates a difficult choice. While upgrading iPhones in
the past was typically a no-brainer, now people must wrestle with whether to
deal with the hassle of having no audio jack. Many people could simply upgrade
to last year's model, the iPhone 6S, which is also a fast phone with great
cameras and still has the jack.

Yet after testing the new iPhone 7 and its larger sibling, the 7 Plus, for five
days, I have hopped on the 7 train. While it is irritating not to have an audio
jack -- Apple nixed the 3.5 millimeter port to make room for faster chips,
better batteries and to make the iPhone water-resistant -- and the older
physical home button feels better to press than the new virtual one, the new
iPhones deliver on Apple's promises.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are tremendously fast -- more than double the speed of
the two-year-old iPhone 6 -- and their cameras produce superb, vivid photos. The
battery life is improved, and the iPhones survived water torture tests.

And after a while, I didn't miss the headphone jack as much as I thought. Apple
is pushing people toward wireless earphones with the introduction of AirPods,
its first wireless earbuds, which I tried. I found AirPods to be a decent first
attempt at wireless audio, though there were glitches.

The bottom line: Those who have been waiting years to buy a new phone are in
store for a major upgrade with the iPhone 7.

Why you don't need a jack

When rumors surfaced about the iPhone 7, they centered on Apple's omission of
the decades-old headphone jack, one of the longest surviving technology
standards. The now-discontinued port let consumers plug many accessories in,
including speakers, earphones and credit card readers. Now the new iPhones have
only one port for hooking up accessories: Apple's proprietary Lightning
connector that was traditionally used for charging the iPhone's battery.

Apple understood that parting with the audio jack would be painful. So it made
two moves:

1) The new iPhones include a converter, or a dongle with a Lightning connector
on one side, for plugging into the iPhone, and an audio port on the other end,
for plugging in an audio accessory.

2) Also included in the box: A pair of wired earbuds with a Lightning connector.

For iPhone owners who relied on Apple's included earbuds, the Lightning earbuds
solve that problem. But for consumers hoarding lots of wired audio gear, the
converter solution is less convenient since the adapter is tiny and easy to
lose. If you have a pair of great wired headphones, your best bet is to leave
the converter connected to the headphones so you don't forget it.

The most convenient workaround to not having a headphone jack is to make the
leap to wireless earphones. Apple's wireless AirPods, due for release in
October, cost $159 and come in a box that resembles a dental-floss dispenser.
They connect to the iPhone's Bluetooth connection via a proprietary chip in the
earphones, called W1.

This makes setting AirPods up extremely easy: When you open the box next to the
iPhone, the earphones automatically pair with the device. (The box also charges
AirPods.) From there, you simply put the earphones on and start listening to
music or podcasts; removing the earphones causes the audio to pause.

Here is where AirPods fell short for me: Sometimes when listening to podcasts, a
glitch caused the podcasts to rewind and replay a small segment -- an eerie
echo. In addition, when using AirPods outside, there was occasional
interference, causing the audio to crackle and cut out.

An Apple spokeswoman said the company was looking into the podcast issue, adding
that the AirPods I tested were early hardware and that bugs should be resolved
by the time they are released next month.

Over all, AirPods sound decent, with loud bass and clear audio quality,
comparable to the wired earbuds that Apple has included in iPhones for years.
They aren't, however, sufficient for drowning out the thunderous prattle of a
loud co-worker.

While AirPods do a good job staying in your ears, they look odd, like dangling
short white stubs. They evoked mockery from one of my editors, who said,
''Cigarettes belong in your mouth, not your ears, Brian.''

I recommend waiting for Apple to fix the issues with AirPods before considering
them. Meanwhile, there are plenty of great Bluetooth headphones. My favorite is
Bose's QuietComfort 35, a pair of fantastic wireless noise-canceling headphones.

Speed, cameras and durability

The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is the sharp speed
increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything -- switching between apps, opening
the camera -- feels snappier. The iPhone 7 battery also gets about two hours
more juice than the 6S.

Using the app Geekbench 4, I tested the speeds of the iPhone 7, 6S and 6. The
iPhone 7 was 39 percent faster than the 6S and 114 percent faster than the 6. So
people who bought the 6S last year can probably skip upgrading to the 7, but
those holding onto a 6 and anything older will benefit from a tremendous
performance gain.

Apple also improved the iPhone cameras. Like the 6S devices, the iPhone 7
devices carry 12-megapixel sensors. The difference is that both the new iPhones
include optical image stabilization, a feature that helps photos remain clear
even when your hands are shaky. The larger model, the 7 Plus, also includes a
second camera on the back. The two cameras work together to show the photo's
main subject clearly while gently blurring the background.

In my tests comparing photos taken with the iPhone 6S, 7 and 7 Plus, as well as
a competitor, Samsung's Galaxy S7, photos taken with the 7 Plus had noticeably
better detail when reviewed on a large computer monitor. But when reviewing
photos taken with each camera side by side on a smaller smartphone screen, the
differences were negligible.

So while the new iPhones have great cameras, I wouldn't let that drive your
buying decision. If you prefer a larger screen for reading and watching videos,
consider the 7 Plus, but if you prefer something easier to carry in a pocket and
type on using one hand, go for the 7. (The iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch screen; the 7
Plus has a 5.5-inch screen.)

Lastly, Apple made changes to the new iPhones to improve durability. The iPhones
are designed to be water-resistant. In my tests, they survived a swim in a water
pitcher. The physical home button was replaced with a force-sensitive virtual
one. It remains to be seen if the new home button will be more durable. In the
past, one of the first components to wear out on older iPhones was the home
button.

Bottom Line

There are two types of tech consumers: Those who upgrade on a fairly regular
cycle (about every two years with smartphones) to embrace new technology, and
those who upgrade only when they feel they need to.

If you're in the former camp and own an iPhone that is at least two years old,
the decision is obvious: The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are great upgrades. But if you
just bought the iPhone 6S last year, the improvements will be incremental, and
you may want to save your money for the next iPhone.

If you're in the latter group, it's a tougher question. If you have, say, the
four-year-old iPhone 5, you will see a great improvement with an iPhone 6S or a
7. Your decision may come down to how much the lack of a headphone jack and
physical home button bothers you. Audiophiles with lots of wired accessories,
for example, may find using a converter too inconvenient.

But taking the leap to the 7 may be a wise bet, even for late technology
adopters. Apple is likely to continue making iPhones without headphone jacks,
and next year's iPhone will have a full-screen face with the virtual button
built directly into the screen, according to two people at the company who spoke
on condition of anonymity because the product details are private. Apple
declined to comment on next year's iPhones.

To compete with Apple, rivals may also eliminate the audio jack to make room for
faster processors, better batteries and more durable parts. (A little-known
fact: Lenovo beat Apple to removing the audio jack in its new smartphone, Moto
Z, released this year.)

Sooner or later, consumers will probably look back at the iPhone's puberty phase
and accept that changes had to be made for the smartphone to mature. I, for one,
am looking forward to a future with fewer wires.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/technology/personaltech/iphone
-7-review-though-not-perfect-new-iphones-keep-apples-promises.html

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple products on display during a Sept. 7 media event in San
Francisco when the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were unveiled. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSH
EDELSON/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES) (B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Vodafone Joins Airtel, Idea to Give Rel Jio more Interconnect Points

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 496 words


Vodafone India is the latest incumbent telecom operator to agree to increase the
points of interconnect (PoIs) with Reliance Jio Infocomm.The company on Thursday
said it will increase the number of PoIs to three times what it is providing to
Jio at present.

The company's statement comes within days of rivals Bharti Airtel and Idea
Cellular agreeing to augment the PoIs with Jio to service 1.5-crore customers
and 65-lakh customers, respectively. The incumbent telcos, which were initially
defiant, agreed to provide additional PoIs to Jio after the Telecom Regulatory
Authority of India (Trai) called a meeting of all the four parties last Friday.

Jio complained that 75 out of 100 calls made on its network were failing because
the incumbents didn't provide it additio

nal PoIs -these are required to take calls made on one network to another. The
company said it registered a cumulative failure of '52 crore calls made from its
.

network to those of the top three -Airtel, Vodafone and Idea -because of this.

Vodafone said it always provided PoIs to other operators for all their fair,
reasonable and legitimate requirements and would continue to do so.

\x93Following guidance from Trai and clarifications from Jio regarding its
commercial launch,

Vodafone India has decided to in crease the points of intercon nect between the
two operators by thrice and accordingly incre ase the capacity to connect,\x93
the company said in the statement.

The statement said Vodafone was hopeful that all issues that it had raised with
Trai and Jio wo uld be duly considered and re solved at the earliest. It didn't
elaborate. But incumbents in the recent past have asked Trai to reconsider the
call termina tion rate, given the imbalance in the flow of calls. Idea, while on
Monday announcing that it wo uld give additional PoIs to Jio, had said it was
incurring incre asing costs due to asymmetry of traffic. The asymmetry was 14.5
times between Idea and Jio.

It said the cost of termination was much higher than the current interconnect
settlement charge of 14 paisa per minute and that this induced traffic
asymmetry, unless controlled, could exacerbate losses.

Apple Slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Prices by up to Rs 22,000

NEW DELHI In what may prove to be happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lovers,
US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by '22,000, market
sources said. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant), which was earlier priced at
'82,000, will now be available at '60,000 after a price drop of '22,000. With
the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be available at
'70,000, the sources said here, though there was no official confirmation from
Apple. Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this
year, also got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for
'49,000, will now be available at '44,000. Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated
as the world's top-selling smartphone model in the second quarter of 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:10 PM GMT

Apple launches waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera and wireless AirPods;
New colours, faster processor and longer battery life for the smaller iPhone 7,
and dual-cameras on the back for the iPhone 7 Plus - but as predicted, the
headphone jack is no moreApple iPhone 7 launch event: key points at a
glanceApple Watch series 2: GPS, waterproofing and faster processingSuper Mario
Run: Nintendo running game to launch with Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1263 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, its next generation smartphones,
which have a similar aluminium look but now waterproof with new insides, new
pressure-sensitive home button, new dual-camera features and no headphone
socket.

The Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took to
the stage at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco to announce the
iPhones. They are the first to launch with the company's latest iOS 10 software
for iPhone and iPad, with improved notifications and fun messaging features.

The biggest change to the new iPhone, however, is the removal of the universal
3.5mm headphone jack, which used to be cut into the bottom of the smartphone and
is common to almost all forms of audio-producing electronics. Instead, Apple
hopes users will embrace the Lightning port, which is commonly used for power
and file transfers, for audio, or wireless headphones such as those made by its
Beats brand.

Lightning connector headphones and a Lightning to analogue adapter will be
provided in a box.

Schiller said: "Apple EarPods are the most popular headphones in the world. Now
we're moving them to Lightning. Why? Because it provides digital audio, power,
and many other advantages that are simply not possible over an analogue
connection.

"The analogue headphone jack has been with us for a very long time. But the
reason to move on is courage. The courage to move on and do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple also announced a new set of its EarPod in-ear buds, this time without the
cable, called AirPods, which it hopes will ease the transition from the
headphones port.

Bluetooth headphones are widely available in a range of prices and capabilities,
and have become popular in the past two years, but truly wireless in-ear buds
have struggled to overcome the technological constraints of short battery life
and weak connectivity. Several new models released this year from companies such
as Motorola, Bragi and Samsung hope to solve those problems.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: "Up until now
no one has taken on the challenge of fixing the things that are difficult to do
in the wireless experiences so we can all enjoy them. So that's what we're doing
with the Apple AirPods."

AirPods will be $170 and available later in October. Apple's headphone brand
Beats will also release new wireless models.

Faster A10 Fusion chip

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A10 Fusion replacing the A9 from last year's
iPhone 6S - with the outside of the new smartphones seeing subtle changes in
design.

The new quad-core A10 Fusion processor will have 120 times the performance of
the original iPhone and Apple says it will also extend battery life through
improved power efficiencies.

Apple reckons that the iPhone 7 will get on average, 2 more ours of battery life
than the iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 7 comes in new gloss black colour and has hidden the previously
visible antenna lines on the back marking a couple of a handful of small visual
tweaks to the new phones over predecessors. The new iPhone is also now
waterproof to IP67 standards, bringing it into line with rivals from Samsung and
others.

The home button has also been tweaked to use a similar pressure-sensitive
technology as Apple's MacBook trackpads and the 3D Touch screen of the iPhone
6S, which simulate movement using a small vibrating sensation when pressed
without actually depressing. The new button will allow further gesture control
and could pave the way for the button to be removed entirely in subsequent
version of the smartphone.

For many, the home button has been one of the weak points of the iPhone,
requiring replacement which has proved tricky due to the fingerprint sensor and
secure chip hidden underneath.

Plus dual-camera

The iPhone 7 will also have an improved camera system to keep up with rivals.
The iPhone used to have the best camera in the business, but the iPhone 6S faced
stiff competition from not only Samsung, but HTC, LG and rising star Chinese
firm Huawei.

The camera now has a faster, larger 12-megapixel sensor, a faster f1.8 lens for
better low-light photography and an enhanced true-tone flash. All versions of
the iPhone will now have optical image stabilisation, not just the larger Plus
models.

The update will see a new dual-camera fitted to the back of the larger iPhone 7
Plus - one 12-megapixel telephoto lens and one 12-megapixel wide-angle lens -
similar to those fitted to LG's G5. Both Huawei and LG have released smartphones
in the last year using two cameras on the back to varying degrees of success.

Apple allows optical zoom now up to 2x with both lenses, using digital zoom to
go beyond. A free update also allows users to blow out the background using both
lenses to judge distance and create a bokeh effect, similar to software effects
produced by rivals.

Schiller said: "On a dSLR you can move lens elements to zoom with a large lens.
But on a phone you can't do that. So we're using two cameras and two lenses to
do the same. The quality of the zoom, even with software zoom, is so much better
than before we decided to push it up to 10x."

The iPhone 7 will be available in four colours starting on 16 September at $649
for 32GB of storage - increased from last year's 16GB base storage with 128GB
and 256GB options. The iPhone 7 Plus will cost from $769, again with 32GB of
storage. The jet-black models will be 128GB and 256GB variants only.

Last year's iPhone 6S, 6S Plus and the iPhone SE will be still available, now
starting with 32GB of storage. The iPhone upgrade programme will also be made
available in the UK.

Tick, tock, tock?

Until now, Apple's smartphones have had a complete redesign every two years
according to its traditional release schedule, with improved processors and a
few new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S was the tock. The iPhone
7's use of the similar industrial design of previous iPhones plus new colours
bucks the trend, meaning the new iPhone could be considered as a second-such
tock. Whether improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will
come to 2015's iPhone 6S through software updates, will be enough to continue to
woo customers remains to be seen.

"Apple's biggest challenge is how to manage its large install base - the biggest
in the industry - and convince them to replace their smartphones and spend more
on services and in the company's ecosystem," said Francisco Jeronimo IDC's
research director for European mobile devices. "As we approach 80-85% smartphone
penetration, it's no longer about people buying their first smartphone but
attracting customers from rivals."

In the UK, Apple is fighting a war with chief rival Samsung over the 20% of
users that switch between operating systems. It scored the most switchers with
the iPhone 6, which introduced new screen sizes, but now it must attempt to
convince users to upgrade from previous iPhones.


     ·    Does Apple really think we're ready to ditch the headphone jack?
     ·    The Chinese are coming. Samsung is steady. Apple's iPhone 7 has to
          impress
     ·    Bose QC35 wireless headphones: simply unrivalled noise cancelling
     ·    Marshall Major II Bluetooth headphones: they last for ages and sound
          great too


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 13, 2016 Sunday 02:01 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Superfast LTE; wraparound OLED screen; Case of the
missing Earjack hole

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 704  words


Click for image

Apple has officially pre-empted the iPhone 7 rumors by inviting all of us to a
live-streamed event on March 21 to presumably "loop you in" on a new 5-inch
iPhone 5se and "mini" 9.7-inch iPad Pro, but let's not stop us from rounding up
the latest speculation on what comes after all that...

INTEL INSIDE

How many times has that headline been used over the years? Anyway, reports
surfaced this month that Intel will supply a "significant portion" of LTE modems
for the iPhone 7 - not such good news for fellow supplier Qualcomm. Motley Fool,
citing a report from CLSA Securities, writes that this could be a $1 billion
(yes, with a B) opportunity for Intel.

Motley Fool goes on to suggest this must refer to Intel's XMM 7360 modem, which
supports LTE category 10, which boasts downlink speeds of 450Mbps and uplink
speeds of 100Mbps. "This would represent a substantial improvement over the
Qualcomm MDM9635 modem inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, which supports 300
megabits per second download and just 50 megabits per second upload." But there
is a question of whether this deal is really true, and how Apple would then need
to manage building CDMA-friendly phones with Qualcomm chips for some regions and
non-CDMA phones for others with the Intel or Qualcomm processors...

MacRumors says that Apple already boosted LTE on its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
phones, but with users' chowing down more video and other demanding apps, you
can understand why they'd keep pushing.

WRAPAROUND SCREEN

Not to get ahead of ourselves (well, actually that's pretty much all we do in
this column), some now say that the much discussed possible iPhone with OLED
display could be a whopping 5.8 inches and wrap around the sides of the
smartphone. Apple's largest phone now is the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus.

Colleague Yoni Heisler, citing a DigiTimes report that such a phone with an
organic light-emitting diode screen could hit the market by next year or the
year after, suggests that a much bigger iPhone isn't a crazy idea.

"Though Apple was once beholden to the iPhone's 3.5-inch form factor, the
company in recent years has demonstrated a bit more flexibility as it pertains
to screen size."

Then again, there are some big doubts about this big phone ever becoming a
reality. Look no further than AppleInsider's "Absurd report claims Apple is
prepping a 5.8" iPhone with OLED display for 2018."

DUAL-CAMERA BECOMES MORE REAL

People just can't wait to see how Apple implements a dual-lens camera (one being
a zoom) into its iPhone 7 line-up.

Boy Genius Report speculates that Apple could even pull a page from the new
Android-based Samsung Galaxy S7's book by coming out with a dual-lens camera
using some of the same innards.

"The camera of the Galaxy S7 is without a doubt one of the best new features in
Samsung's newest flagship series. In fact, when unveiling the new camera,
Samsung compared it extensively to the iPhone 6s to prove to the audience how
much better it is. In an ironic twist of events, could the same image sensor
make its way to the upcoming iPhone 7?"

BGR goes on to point out that Samsung boasted in a non-Galaxy S7 press release
this past week about its fancy camera sensor and will be making the technology
available to partners. While Apple might not be one of those, it is possible
that Apple could fetch similar technology from Sony, whose camera sensor
technology has also been shown to be used in the latest Samsung smartphone.

 Matt Gonzalez from MacRumors does a nice job envisioning how the Apple iPhone 7
dual-lens camera could work in this video as well.

CASE OF THE IPHONE 7 CASE

One way that iPhone rumormongers and rumor followers sniff out news about the
next great Apple smartphones is by keeping an eye on what new cases look like,
and cases glimpsed this past week add credence to the idea that Apple is
abandoning the traditional 3.5mm headset jack for a proprietary Lightning-based
one.

9to5Mac, citing images shared via the Twitter account @OnLeaks, notes that these
cases don't have a hole for a 3.5mm headphone jack. Suspicious indeed!

APPLE vs. FBI A LAUGHING MATTER

Or so thinks Samantha Bee, the newish late night TV show host, who hacked her
own phone before the government got a chance to do so.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Getting social media savvy with the iPhone 6S;
New models open up a world of apps and opportunities.;
SO SOCIAL

BYLINE: By Scott Kleinberg

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 501 words


Now that the new iPhone 6S is available, maybe you're looking for ways to show
it off via Twitter, Facebook and the like. Or maybe this is your first new
mobile since 1998 and you just can't believe you can do social media on a phone.

You can. You really can, and you'll be amazed at what you can do. I'm writing
this column right now on my iPhone 6 Plus, and even for someone like me who is
immersed daily in this kind of stuff, it never gets old.

The ability to take your social media wherever you go isn't new, but I'm always
surprised at how many people aren't taking full advantage of the latest
technology.

So here are six things to keep in mind as you get social on your shiny new
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

? If this is your first iPhone 6, you'll love the bigger screen.

The regular iPhone 6S has a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6S Plus covers 5.5
inches. While 4.7 inches doesn't seem much different from 4 inches, you'll
really notice it when you see that extra row of icons. Yep, a bigger screen
means more icons, and if you're anything like me, you'll obsess endlessly over
which social media apps go where.

? These are the first phones with 3D Touch

It's not clear how each app will take advantage of the new technology, but the
opportunities seem exciting. You're used to swiping and pinching, but 3D Touch
makes it possible to press, and different levels of pressing, soft and hard,
will determine how the phone responds. That means a hard press to send a tweet
is not out of the question.

? The new iOS 9 comes preinstalled

Apple says there are all kinds of noticeable improvements in the latest iPhone
operating system, from better security to better battery life to an even smarter
Siri. All of those things can be important whether you're tweeting, Facebooking,
Instagramming or Snap-chatting.

? Update your apps right away

Some of you have your iPhones set to do this automatically, but if you don't,
you'll want to make sure you have the latest and greatest to take advantage of
the new operating system.

? Search the social networking section of the App Store

If you haven't looked at what's new in a while and only have Twitter and
Facebook downloaded, you might be in for a pleasant surprise. Live-casting apps
such as Periscope and Meerkat are a joy to use on these large screens, and it's
fun to draw and add emojis in messaging apps such as Snapchat.

? Always be careful

New technology can entice the wrong crowd, so please watch your surroundings.
Don't unbox your new iPhone on the sidewalk and start fiddling with it in a
place where you could be vulnerable. There are people out there who would rather
steal yours than preorder or wait in a long line. So while a new iPhone with new
social media choices is exciting, always use common sense before tweeting and
sharing.

I won't be upgrading this time around, but I'm sure we'll still discover new
things together. Share your experiences, and your questions, with me on Twitter.

What questions do you have

about social media? Tweet

them to @scottkleinberg

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 5se, smaller 4-inch Apple smartphone, to be revealed in March

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 4 -- Apple is planning a media event for next month, during
which it will unveil a new iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch bands, according to
reports.

9to5mac's Mark Gurman, who has a good track record of reporting accurate leaks,
cites anonymous sources as saying a date is set for Tuesday March 15. The
primary purpose of the event would be to unveil a new, smaller iPhone that keeps
some of the features of later models but reverts to the form factor and design
of the iPhone 5s, he says, according to a report by
www.juneesoutherncross.com.au Believed to be called the iPhone 5se (for '5
special edition' or '5s enhanced'), the phone with a 4-inch screen would be
significantly smaller than the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s or 5.5-inch 6s Plus, but would
supposedly keep the A9 processor, improved camera and Apple Pay capabilities of
those phones. Some new features, including 3D Touch, are less likely to make the
backwards leap. Gurman believes the 5se would replace the 5s - which Apple still
sells - and retain its retail price, which in Australia is $749 for the 16GB
version and $829 for the 32GB. The iPhone 6s Plus currently starts at $1229. The
event would reportedly also see the introduction of the iPad Air 3, which is
tipped to roll the upgrades of the iPad Pro - a beefy quartet of speakers, Smart
Connector and Apple Pencil support - into the familiar 10-inch form factor. New
bands and software for the Apple Watch are likely as well. The March event would
be Apple's first since its September 2015 conference, where it unveiled the iPad
Pro, new Apple TV and the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

Advance Booking On for New iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 323 words


Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and those
waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out . 62,000 for
the lowest storage variant, 16 ' GB, of the iPhone 6s and as much as . 92,000
for the 128 GB variant of the ' iPhone 6s Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders.

Industry officials told ET the iPhone 6s 64 GB would cost about ' . 72,000 and
the 128 GB version would be about . 82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would ' be
priced at ' . 72,000 and its larger stor

age model of 64 GB would be priced at . 82,000.' Apple is yet to declare
official prices in India, the company said in response to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbai-based chain with over 800 outlets will
take pre-orders for ' . 2,000 each up to October 13. The devices will become
available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail
chains in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300
stores. Bengaluru-based Sangeetha

Mobiles' MD Subhash Chandra said the company had started taking pre-orders

. 1,000 apiece and ex for ' pects most existing iPhone users to up grade to the
new models within the first month.

The retail chains will offer EMI payment op tions, upgrade pro grammes and
finance schemes. "We will also offer freebies like back case and accessories
during the booking peri od," Satish Babu added.

Sources add Apple is set rketing blitzkrieg and re

to get on a marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are expecting much higher sales
than last year as Apple plans to make adequate stocks available.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Coming to Grubhub's Customers

LENGTH: 292  words


June 3 -- Grubhub, the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering and
delivery platform, today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient.

"We're always looking for ways to make it easier for our diners to find and
order the type of food they want, when they want it, from their favorite local
restaurants," said Sudev Balakrishnan, SVP of Product for Grubhub. "We're
thrilled to bring the ease of use of Apple Pay to our diners. It offers another
quick and convenient way for them to pay for their meals, whether they're at
home or on the go."

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
AppleWatch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/

Source: Grubhub

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 558  words


Sprint offering iPhone 6s leasing plan for $1 a month

OVERLAND PARK, Kan. - A new iPhone for $1 a month?

That's what Sprint is charging for the iPhone 6s. The larger Plus version goes
for $5 a month. T-Mobile, meanwhile, will charge $5 a month for the iPhone 6s
and $9 for the Plus.

The catch: You must have last year's iPhone 6 or 6 Plus and trade that in. You
lose whatever you've already paid for that device. In addition, these offers are
for leases, so you have to turn the new phone in once your lease ends, or pay
more to keep it.

At Sprint, customers who trade in an iPhone 5s can get the iPhone 6s for $10 a
month, while those trading in other smartphones will pay $15 a month. Without a
trade-in, T-Mobile charges $20 and Sprint $22.

Asian Development Bank doubles climate change funding

STOCKHOLM - The Asian Development Bank says it will double its funding to fight
climate change to $6 billion by 2020.

The Manila, Philippines-based ADB says that means its spending on tackling
global warming will rise to about 30 percent of its overall financing.

The bank said Friday it will dedicate $4 billion to lowering greenhouse gas
emissions "through scaling up support for renewable energy, energy efficiency,
sustainable transport, and building smart cities."

The remaining $2 billion will be spent on efforts to help vulnerable countries
adapt to climate change, including "through more resilient infrastructure,
climate-smart agriculture, and better preparation for climate-related
disasters."

The announcement comes as the U.N. prepares to discuss sustainable development
goals in New York and ahead of an envisioned global climate pact in Paris in
December.

U.K. energy firm Drax pulls out of carbon-capture project

LONDON - British power company Drax Group PLC says it is abandoning a project to
capture and store carbon from a coal-fueled power plant, a major setback for the
technology in Britain.

The White Rose project would have seen most emissions from the power station in
northern England stored permanently under the North Sea.

Drax said Friday it was scrapping the project after two years because of "a
drastically different financial and regulatory environment." Falling commodity
costs have driven down wholesale electricity prices, and the British government
has reduced or ended subsidies for renewable and low-carbon energy.

Drax operations director Pete Emery said the company was "confident the
technology we have developed has real potential, but have reluctantly taken a
decision not to invest any further in the development of this project."

S&P upgrades Cyprus as economy, budget improve

NICOSIA, Cyprus - Ratings agency Standard & Poor's has upgraded Cyprus'
government debt rating by one notch to BB- after the country eliminated limits
on money transfers and following improvements in the economy and budget.

The agency on Friday also gave Cyprus a positive outlook, meaning it could raise
its rating again in the next year if the economy continues to perform well and
banks' assets continue to improve.

Cyprus imposed controls on money flows in March, 2013 when a $11.15 billion
rescue deal forced a seizure of uninsured deposits in the two largest banks.

S&P said Cyprus' economy will grow 1.5 percent this year, but banks may need to
take tougher action on their high number of bad loans, which amount to over half
of all loans.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's newest phones expected to set worldwide sales records

BYLINE: James Titcomb

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 460 words


APPLE'S new iPhone models are set to become the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time after the company said it was on track to exceed last year's
recordbreaking opening weekend.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when
the new iPhones go on sale [on] September 25," Apple said. "Customer response to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this
weekend were very strong around the world."

Pre-orders of the next generation of iPhone opened on Saturday after Apple
unveiled the new devices last week, and many models are already sold out in
certain parts of the world, with consumers already facing weeks of delays for
online orders to be dispatched.

Last year's iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time, selling 4m units in their first 24 hours. In the UK, new orders of the
iPhone 6s Plus - the larger of the two models Apple unveiled last week - are not
expected to be released for up to four weeks. In China, the world's biggest
smartphone market and a key target for Apple, all models of the new handset face
a backlog of at least two weeks. This is the first time Apple is taking
pre-orders in China at the same time as the rest of its major markets.

Shares opened 2.3 per cent higher on Monday in response to the positive news.

still listed as being available from September 25, the official date that the
new iPhones go on sale. That is except for the new "rose gold" model, new orders
of which will be dispatched in up to three weeks. Apple introduced the pink-ish
hue for the first time this year, in what is seen as an attempt to appeal to
customers in China.

"While there are still unknowns about inventory levels, we note that China
demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive sign
that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating despite
macro headwinds out of China," said Daniel Ives, technology specialist at US
investment bank FBR Capital.

Apple is launching iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 countries this year. That is
bigger than the iPhone 6 launch, which debuted in nine countries and did not
include China.

Human error Google opts for computers to pick songs

Google's Eric Schmidt has suggested that Apple's music streaming service is a
decade behind the times by opting to enlist human DJs rather than artificial
intelligence to pick songs. The chairman of Alphabet, Google's parent company,
said using software to recommend songs to listeners was "less elitist" and "much
more democratic".

Mr Schmidt did not mention Apple Music by name, but his comments come just a few
months after Apple Music, Apple's to Spotify and other streaming services, was
launched. Apple Music uses human editors.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Demand for Apple's newest iPhones is expected to outstrip that of
previous models, such as the 4S, launched in the UK in 2011 (above)OLI
SCARFF/GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      August 10, 2015 Monday 12:17 PM GMT

Apple's iPhone 7 to be revealed next month? Latest rumours hint at a specific
date;
The next version of Apple's iPhone and iPad gadgets could be here in less than a
month, according to the latest rumours

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 201 words


If you're desperate to get your hands on an iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 then you might
not have long to wait.

According to new rumours, Apple is set to reveal its next version of the iPhone
and iPad on September 9th, 2015 - less than a month away.

As ever, the next-generation gadgets are shrouded in secrecy, but some believe
the iPhone 6S (as it's likely to be called) will be thicker than the current
iPhone.

However, it is expected to feature the same "force touch" technology that Apple
developed for the Apple Watch.

Last year's iPhone announcement was held on September 9 and, according to
sources speaking to BuzzFeed, the company is planning a repeat performance.

"The company intends to hold a special event the week of Sept. 7, with Wednesday
the 9th being the most likely date," wrote BuzzFeed's John Paczkowski.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C.

The company could also show off a giant, 12-inch iPad that industry watchers
have dubbed the "iPad Pro".

Apple has declined to comment on the rumours.

Historically, the company waits until a few weeks before its announcement to
send out cryptic invitations.

Are you going to get an iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Watch: iPhone 6s- Features that'll make you really want it!

LENGTH: 81  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- Apple has unveiled its updated smartphones, the iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus, giving its large-screen handsets a new pressure-sensitive
display with '3D Touch' gestures.
 The standout feature of the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is the new touchscreen
technology called '3D Touch'.
 The pressure-sensitive touchscreen can detect various types of tap. From a
single traditional tap to heavier presses, each gesture can produce a different
interaction with the smartphone.


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

How to decide if it's time to upgrade your iPhone

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Should you fork over $650 or more to upgrade to the new iPhone?

It's a question many folks are asking themselves this week, after Apple sneak
peeked new editions of the phone at a media event here. The improved specs for
the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus editions are overwhelming: better battery performance, a
more powerful chip, water resistant body, more storage and a camera that has
geeks like me drooling.

But if you've got an iPhone 6 or 6S, do you really need any of that?

[ The risk Apple takes betting big on a wireless world ]

Reselling your old phone, trading it in, getting a new contract or paying full
price for the device is costly and an ordeal for many.

So buy the new one or stick with an old iPhone?

If you have the iPhone 5S or earlier, it's a no-brainer. You want to have the
latest technology, not a phone from 2013.

If you've got an more recent model - like the iPhone 6 or 6S, and are happy with
it, then by all means hold onto it. The phone still works, you've got an
always-on connection to the Internet and the 6 and 6S runs the latest apps, just
like the 7.

And for that matter, the entry level model, the SE, which sells for $399, gives
you all the cool stuff you'll find on the iPhone 6S and 6 Plus, but at a lower
price and a smaller 4-inch screen.

Two of the coolest new features being touted in the ads for the iPhone 7 are
software enhancements, and they'll work on older phones as well, as part of the
IOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade.

Siri, the personal digital assistant, will now work with many of your favourite
apps, including LinkedIn, Uber and Square Cash, and iMessages gets a new visual
coat of paint. Your texts will have bigger fonts, and have access to funny
stickers and new tools like being able to draw pictures directly into texts.

More storage is a big deal

For many of you, the biggest upgrade of them all is the extra storage on the new
phones. So many people who get a 16 GB entry level phone, download some apps,
take some photos and videos, and within weeks, they're already out of room.

The new editions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and the previous models, the 6S and
6S Plus, all start at 32 GB, which is twice the storage, and welcome.

There is no way to upgrade your memory without buying a new phone, since Apple
doesn't offer expandable storage, like many rivals do.

So if you're out of room, have a cracked screen, and your phone is sluggish, I'd
certainly recommend getting the latest and greatest with the iPhone 7.

No headphone jack

This could be a deal-breaker for many of you. The new edition iPhones ditched
the long-standing headphone jack in order to make room and extend the battery
life. Headphones now get connected via the Lightning charging port, or you can
use wireless Bluetooth headphones. (To make it less painful, Apple is loading an
adapter to connect older traditional headphones to the Lightning port.)

Many online have expressed outrage at having to buy new headphones for the new
iPhone and have raised concerns - how to charge the phone and listen to music at
the same time?

Belkin International to the rescue. The accessories manufacturer announced this
week a new device to do both - charge while listening to music, with the $39.99
Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar, which will be available October 10th.

Bottom line

The specs pretty much say it - a slightly lighter phone, with longer battery
life, water resistance, better storage and improved camera.

But if your phone is fine and you're happy with it, by all means, save the money
and stick with what you've got.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      August 11, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Rumour: Apple Is Prepping To Launch The iPhone 6c

LENGTH: 159  words


It seems that Apple has not given up on its colourful Lumia-esque iPhone c
line-up after all. The popular "leakster" Evan Blass (known as evleaks) has
tweeted from his account that the iPhone 6s, 6s Plus, and 6c will arrive
concurrently.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are expected to show-up at Apple's September 9 event.
So you can expect the next iPhone c show-up on the same day. And if it does, it
will be first time Apple ever launched three phones on a single day.

Many analysts labelled the original iPhone 5c as a flop. Despite not being a hit
that many were expecting it to be, the iPhone c sold millions of units. That I
think is enough for Tim Cook to take another chance with the colourful iPhones.

GSMArena, speculates that the iPhone 6c may feature a new generation chip from
Samsung. The screen will be a 4-inch IPS panel. You can't even rules out the
metal body. Looking at the iPods, you can see that Apple is good at the colour
anodising process.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 leaked photos show a smaller, thicker device than the iPhone 6S

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 203  words


With the launch date for the iPhone 7 drawing ever closer, hype and rumours are
both steadily building.

In the latest juicy leak around the device, TechTastic claims it's gotten its
hands on leaked photos of the iPhone 7, that show a device smaller and somewhat
thicker than the iPhone 6S.

The spy shot of the phone's back reveals a slightly larger lens, that's been
shifted closer to the top left of the device, which indicates some of the
internal components have shifted around.

Sponsored by Revcontent

Trending Now

It also seems iPhone has finally taken notice of all the copycats and changed
its design aesthetic as well. The lines of polished metal that previously
interrupted the brushed metal look on the rear cover now instead sit on the
edges, following the phone's curves.

The other photos purportedly show schematics for the iPhone 7, with a
side-by-side comparison to the iPhone 6S. The iPhone 7 is a wee bit shorter than
the current flagship, and is also 0.05mm thicker, at 7.15mm. The device is also
0.7mm narrower than the iPhone 6S, so unfortunately your old cases aren't going
to fit.

Of course, we can't independently verify the authenticity of these images, so
fingers crossed that these images are legitimate.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple's baby iPhone is hitting the sweet spot with consumers

SECTION: CONSUMER TRENDS

LENGTH: 343 words


Many in the tech community questioned Apple's logic in unveiling a new iPhone
with a 4-inch screen when the rest of the industry is making smartphones that
are bigger than tablets, but the iPhone SE is proving a hit, particularly in
Europe.

According to Kantar Worldpanel, whose research is based on responses from a
worldwide panel of consumers, the proportion of people plumping for a new iOS
handset rather than an Android in the US and in Europe's five main countries,
has jumped noticeably over the past three months.

Just under one-third (31.8%) of US smartphone sales were of the iOS variety
while 18.2% of consumers in the UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy also went
for an iPhone.

"In Great Britain, the iPhone SE was the top selling device in the quarter at
9.2%, followed by the iPhone 6s at 9.1%," said Dominic Sunnebo, Business Unit
Director for Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Europe.

But as well as being a standout hit in the UK, Apple's smallest current handset
is proving a global hit, behind only the iPhone 6s/6s Plus and the Samsung
Galaxy S7/S7 Edge in terms of sales.
"The iPhone SE became the third best-selling phone at 5.1%, contributing to the
overall growth of iOS during the period," said Lauren Guenveur, Consumer Insight
Director for Kantar Worldpanel ComTech.

However, while Apple has taken another small bite out of Android's market share
in the US and Europe, its popularity is waning in China and Japan.

"In contrast to the growth in the US and EU5, iOS continued to post
year-over-year declines in Urban China," said Tamsin Timpson, Strategic Insight
Director at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Asia. "While the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
remain the top selling smartphones in the region, pressure from Huawei's Mate 8,
P9, Xiaomi's RedMi Note 3 and Mi 5, and Oppo's R7 has led to increased
competition in the market."

However, Kantar notes that sales of the iPhone SE were restricted in the region
over the last quarter. "[It] was not able to make the expected impact,
accounting for 2.5% of smartphone sales in the second quarter," said Timpson.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2016 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Apple unveils new iPhones, iPad and TV;
Technology- Aussie designer at launch

BYLINE: Hannah Francis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 452 words


Apple has announced updates to its smartphones, iPad and digital set-top box,
the Apple TV, at an event in California on Wednesday (US time), which saw the
Australian maker of the hit mobile game Crossy Road grace the stage alongside
Apple chief executive Tim Cook.

As expected, Apple showcased the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which visually
resemble their predecessors but have improved cameras, processors and a new
feature called "3D Touch" which reads different levels of screen-touch pressure
to give extra functionality, similar to the "right click" function on a desktop
computer.

Thanks to the low Australian dollar the new iPhones will cost more than last
year's bestselling iPhone 6 models, ranging from $1079 for a 16GB iPhone 6s to
$1529 for a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

The handsets will be available in Australia on September 25 in silver, grey,
gold and rose gold, with pre-orders starting this Saturday.

They will arrive with the latest Apple mobile operating system, iOS 9, which
will also be rolled out as an update to existing iPhone and iPad models. The new
software will feature intelligent search features and, for iPad, "advanced
multi-tasking".

The iPhone remains Apple's most important product category by a large margin,
driving nearly two-thirds of the company's $US49.6 billion ($70.3 billion) in
revenue in the most recent quarter.

The revamp to Apple TV brings a new operating system, tvOS, which integrates
with Apple's voice-activated personal digital assistant, Siri.

Siri will respond to casual spoken commands such as "Show me that Modern Family
episode with Edward Norton" by fetching the episode from your library or
streaming service; or she will rewind to what you were watching a few seconds
ago if you ask "What did she say?"

Australian game designer Andy Sum, from Hipster Whale, was invited to showcase a
new version of his studio's hit game, Crossy Road, demonstrating the potential
for tvOS to bring new apps made especially for the big screen.

Mr Cook said the new Apple TV, priced at $US149, but with Australian prices yet
to be announced, was the future of television.

Apple also revealed a new 12.9-inch iPad at the event, the iPad Pro, which it
says is up to 1.8 times faster than previous models and has 10 hours of battery
life. Mr Cook said it was as powerful as a desktop computer. Former rival
Microsoft, and Adobe Systems, partnered with Apple on the new product.

For the first time Apple is also releasing its own optional keyboard and a
stylus, called the "Pencil". Both are compatible with the iPad Pro but not with
previous iPad models.

Also announced was a partnership with French luxury goods maker Hermes, which is
working on a new line of Apple Watch.

with agencies

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Apple unveils new iPhones, iPad and TV;
Technology- Aussie designer at launch

BYLINE: Hannah Francis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 452 words


Apple has announced updates to its smartphones, iPad and digital set-top box,
the Apple TV, at an event in California on Wednesday (US time), which saw the
Australian maker of the hit mobile game Crossy Road grace the stage alongside
Apple chief executive Tim Cook.

As expected, Apple showcased the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which visually
resemble their predecessors but have improved cameras, processors and a new
feature called "3D Touch" which reads different levels of screen-touch pressure
to give extra functionality, similar to the "right click" function on a desktop
computer.

Thanks to the low Australian dollar the new iPhones will cost more than last
year's bestselling iPhone 6 models, ranging from $1079 for a 16GB iPhone 6s to
$1529 for a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

The handsets will be available in Australia on September 25 in silver, grey,
gold and rose gold, with pre-orders starting this Saturday.

They will arrive with the latest Apple mobile operating system, iOS 9, which
will also be rolled out as an update to existing iPhone and iPad models. The new
software will feature intelligent search features and, for iPad, "advanced
multi-tasking".

The iPhone remains Apple's most important product category by a large margin,
driving nearly two-thirds of the company's $US49.6 billion ($70.3 billion) in
revenue in the most recent quarter.

The revamp to Apple TV brings a new operating system, tvOS, which integrates
with Apple's voice-activated personal digital assistant, Siri.

Siri will respond to casual spoken commands such as "Show me that Modern Family
episode with Edward Norton" by fetching the episode from your library or
streaming service; or she will rewind to what you were watching a few seconds
ago if you ask "What did she say?"

Australian game designer Andy Sum, from Hipster Whale, was invited to showcase a
new version of his studio's hit game, Crossy Road, demonstrating the potential
for tvOS to bring new apps made especially for the big screen.

Mr Cook said the new Apple TV, priced at $US149, but with Australian prices yet
to be announced, was the future of television.

Apple also revealed a new 12.9-inch iPad at the event, the iPad Pro, which it
says is up to 1.8 times faster than previous models and has 10 hours of battery
life. Mr Cook said it was as powerful as a desktop computer. Former rival
Microsoft, and Adobe Systems, partnered with Apple on the new product.

For the first time Apple is also releasing its own optional keyboard and a
stylus, called the "Pencil". Both are compatible with the iPad Pro but not with
previous iPad models.

Also announced was a partnership with French luxury goods maker Hermes, which is
working on a new line of Apple Watch.

with agencies

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        June 17, 2016 Friday 6:12 PM GMT

Apple barred from selling iPhones 6 in Beijing;
Reports that the capital's intellectual property regulator has accused Apple of
infringing design patents for a Chinese phone

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 331 words


Beijing has ordered Apple to stop selling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
China's capital, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal.

The city's intellectual property regulator has ruled that the design of the two
phones is overly similar to another phone, the 100C, made by the Chinese company
Shenzhen Baili. In a statement, the Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau wrote
that the phones infringe on a Chinese patent for exterior design held by
Shenzhen Baili.

"Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have minor differences from Baili's 100C.
The differences are so tiny that the average customer could not notice. So, this
case falls into the patent rights protection category," the ruling reads.

Bizarrely, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which have identical exteriors and
are also available, are not affected by the ruling. The two phones which are
barred from sale were first released in 2014, and will likely be pulled from
markets worldwide anyway in September 2016 when Apple is expected to announce
the iPhones 7.

In a statement, Apple said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are all available for sale today in China.
We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court."

The move to bar the company from selling the iPhones comes just a month after
Apple announced a $1bn investment in Chinese Uber competitor Didi. The move,
unusual for a company which tends to only invest in firms in order to acquire
them, was though to be a goodwill gesture to the Chinese markets and government,
to curry favour with regulators typically seen as hostile to Apple.

It came after China shut down Apple's iTunes Movies and iBooks services, and
also lost a trademark battle over whether or not a luxury goods manufacturer
could use the iPhone brand on handbags.

The investment does not seem to have worked as planned.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

5 alive!;
Star Tech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION, COLUMN; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 356 words


IT LOOKS LIKE AN OLD iPHONE 5s TO ME!

This new 4-inch smartphone takes its design from Apple's 2013 iPhone 5s, but
don't be fooled by its looks.

The iPhone SE is packed with a number of tasty upgrades and although it's mini,
this thing is mighty.

Tucked inside the all-metal shell is an A9 processor (the same brains used in
the iPhone 6s) and there's a 12 megapixel camera which can now shoot footage in
4K quality.

Live Photos also arrives on this smaller phone which makes your pictures come
alive when you tap the display.

Apple fans picking up one of these new phones will also get access to Apple Pay,
which allows you to pay at the till without the need for a wallet.

HOW MUCH IS IT GOING TO COST ME?

The iPhone SE is Apple's cheapest ever phone at launch.

If you fancy buying one it will cost you £359 for the 16GB version or £439 for
the 64GB model.

Contract prices have yet to be revealed but expect to pay around £20 per month.

IS IT BETTER TO BUY THE iPHONE 6s?

Apple's flagship iPhone 6s does have more features than the new SE.

These include a 3D Touch display and bigger HD screen.

The 6s Plus also has a larger battery which brings a lot more power to the
device.

However, this extra tech does come at a price with the iPhone 6s costing around
£200 more than the SE.

Apple has also recognised that some customers prefer a smaller phone - and the
firm has shifted 30 million of its 4-inch models in the last year alone.

WHEN CAN I GET THE SE?

Although the device was unveiled only on Monday, pre-orders have gone live today
on Apple's website.

All the big operators are set to announce their deals later.

The iPhone SE will land in shops on March 31.

OUR VERDICT...

THE iPhone SE may seem like an odd decision from Apple.

From the outside this new device is almost identical to the ageing iPhone 5s
which first launched back in 2013.

However, this mini phone is packed with top-end specs including Apple's
blistering A9 processor and excellent 12 megapixel camera.

But it's the price that could make this phone a winner.

At £359 this is the cheapest mobile that Apple has ever launched and it could
finally make owning a decent iPhone affordable.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2016 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

You Can Book the New iPhones Now Offers to Follow

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 378 words


Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and those
waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out Rs 62,000 for
the lowest storage variant, 16 GB, of the iPhone 6s and as much as Rs 92,000 for
the 128 GB variant of the iPhone 6s Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told
ET the iPhone 6s 64 GB would cost about . '72,000 and the 128 GB version would
be about '82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus .16 GB would be priced at '72,000 and its
larger stor.age model of 64 GB would be priced at . '82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbaibased chain with over 800 outlets will take
pre-orders . 2,000 each up to October for ' 13. The devices will become
available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish Ba
bu, founder of Chennaibased UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail chains
in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300 stores.
"Since yesterday we have got at least 100 orders," he added.

Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles' managing director Subhash Chandra said the
company had started taking pre-orders for '1,000 apiece and expects .most
existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new mod

els within the first month.

The retail chains will offer monthly installment payment options, upgrade
programmes and finance schemes. "We will also offer freebies like back case and
accessories during the

booking period," Satish Ba bu added.

Sources add Apple is set to get on a marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are
expecting much higher sales than last year as the Cupertino-based smartphone
maker plans to make adequate stocks available.

"We had asked for 10,000 units for the first week -that's the kind of response
we're seeing now and expecting it to build after the launch happens. But we may
not get that much," one of the large format retailers told ET, requesting
anonymity.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Apple iPhone SE 'retail box' leaked

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


Just days before the, an alleged spyshot of the smartphone's retail packaging
has appeared on Chinese social media website Weibo.

The alleged leak confirms 'iPhone SE' as the name of the upcoming Apple
smartphone and a version with 16GB onboard storage. The leaked image also shows
the phone supports NFC for Apple Pay.

According to earlier reports, iPhone 4SE's rear camera will support 4K videos
and is tipped to sport 8MP camera setup (similar to iPhone 6's).

The company's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S plus models, launched last year, also
offer support for 4K videos. The small-screen iPhone is said to be powered by
the current flagship's A9 chipset. It will also support features like Apple Pay
and Live Photos but not 3D Touch, which will remain exclusive to iPhone 6S and
6S Plus for now.

iPhone 4SE is speculated to come in silver, space grey, gold and rose gold
colour options.

Read also:

Last week, Apple sent invites for an event it is holding on March 21 where it is
expected to launch the new iPhone.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       March 22, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Introduces iPhone SE

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 848  words


Cupertino, California, Mar 22 (IBNS) Apple on Tuesday introduced iPhone SE, a
powerful phone for business use offered at the cheapest ever price.

The device features a four-inch display, in a compact aluminium design that has
been updated with matte-chamfered edges, a colour-matched stainless steel Apple
logo, and four metallic finishes, including rose gold. iPhone SE offers
exceptional performance with the same 64-bit A9 chip offered in iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus for fast speeds, longer battery life, faster wireless, a
12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Live Photos and 4K video. iPhone SE will be
available in space grey, silver, gold and rose gold metallic finishes in 16GB
and 64GB models starting at MRP INR 39,000 in India from Apple Authorised
Resellers and select carriers. iPhone SE is an exciting new idea we started with
a beloved, iconic design and reinvented it from the inside out.

The result is the most beautiful and powerful phone with a four-inch display in
the world, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of Worldwide
Marketing. iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display,
advanced 64-bit A9 chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life,
12-megapixel iSight camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster
LTE and Wi-Fi. Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE.
iPhone SE takes a beloved iPhone design and reinvents it from the inside out,
giving customers a powerful, full-featured iPhone no matter which model they
choose. The 64-bit A9 chip, introduced in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, offers
iPhone SE customers two times faster CPU and three times faster GPU performance
compared to iPhone 5s, all with gains in energy efficiency for improved battery
life. M9, Apples next-generation motion coprocessor, is integrated into A9
allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including Hey Siri
without having to pick up the iPhone, and a range of fitness tracking
capabilities like measuring steps and distance. iPhone SE users can browse,
download and stream content even faster with Wi-Fi up to three times and LTE up
to 50 percent faster than iPhone 5s.* iPhone SE also includes more LTE bands for
better worldwide roaming and supports Voice over LTE and Wi-Fi calling for
high-quality wideband calls. With an easy-to-use interface, amazing features,
and security at its core, iOS 9 is the foundation of iPhone SE and brings
powerful built-in apps like Messages, FaceTime, Photos, Music and Maps to iPhone
users. iOS 9 also brings more intelligence to iPhone SE with proactive
assistance, powerful search, improved Siri features, and a new Night Shift
feature that uses your iPhone SEs clock and geolocation to automatically adjust
the colours in the display to the warmer end of the spectrum after dark. iPhone
SE has an advanced 12-megapixel iSight camera featuring Focus Pixel technology
for fast focusing, an Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise
reduction, third-generation local tone mapping and better face detection, all
resulting in sharper, more detailed photos like the ones shot on iPhone 6s. With
Live Photos on iPhone SE, customers can go beyond snapshots to capture moments
in motion and relive unforgettable memories with sound. Live Photos are
beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a touch, reveal the moments
immediately before and after the shot was taken, so users can enjoy a living
memory rather than an instant frozen in time. The ability to shoot HD video with
support for 4K at a resolution of 3840 x 2160. After capturing 4K video,
customers can edit on a Mac, PC or iPad, and with the latest version of iMovie
on iPhone, can even edit two simultaneous streams of 4K on iPhone SE. Retina
Flash, which momentarily makes the display three times brighter with True Tone
lighting technology, for wonderfully bright selfies in low light with the
FaceTime HD camera. Features introduced with iPhone 6s, including up to
63-megapixel panorama photos, video capture up to 60fps for 1080p video and
240fps for slo-mo, time-lapse with video stabilisation and cinematic video
stabilisation. Customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK, US Virgin Islands and
the US will be able to order iPhone SE beginningThursday, March 24, with
availability beginningThursday, March 31. iPhone SE will be available in early
April in Albania, Andorra, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia,
Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Guernsey, Jersey, Hungary,
Iceland, India, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia,
Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Maldives, Malta, Monaco,
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Turkey and UAE. Apple-designed
accessories including leather cases in black andmidnightblue will be available
for MRP INR 2900 and Lightning Docks in colour-matched metallic finishes are
currently available for MRP INR 3700

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Can't wait for Oct 16 to buy iPhone 6S? Purchase it from grey market for over Rs
1 lakh

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 30 -- Zee Media Bureau
 All the ardent Apple fans who can't wait for the official launch of iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus on October 16, there is a piece of news which might interest
you.


 The customs officials at Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport have
seized over 180 iPhones, all to be sold in the grey market, according to news
reports.
 Smuggled iPhone 6S handsets are already on sale at Gaffar Market in Karol Bagh
(New Delhi), the largest grey market for phones in north India and are available
at a price of over Rs 1 lakh.
 The over-the-roof price for the new iPhones comes from the demand of hardcore
iPhone fans, who are willing to spend a fortune just to get the handset before
it is officially released in the market.
 The iPhones go on sale in India on October 16 and while there is no official
word on pricing, many websites that offer to ship the devices after buying them
in other countries are showing a starting price of over Rs 60,000 for the base
variant.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        July 18, 2016 Monday 1:59 PM GMT

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s;
A video supposedly showing a finished version of the iPhone 7 matches it up to
Apple's existing handset - and it looks like little will change

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 241 words


Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

iPhone 7: Release date, rumours, leaked images, price and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

Finished iPhone 7 PICTURED for the first time? Viral photo is clearest image yet
of Apple's next gadget

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

How to download US iPhone and iPad apps on your UK device - get Pokémon GO game
TODAY

But do we expect more from Apple this time around? Have your say in the comments
section below.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Speculators find resales slow as iPhone 6S debuts

BYLINE: Allen Au-yeung and He Huifeng in Shenzhen

SECTION: NEWS; City; Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 517 words


Apple fans and speculators eyeing a quick buck from resales of the new devices
turned out in force in Hong Kong yesterday.

But resales of the new iPhone 6S were initially lacklustre near Apple's flagship
store at the IFC Mall in Central.

Traditionally, resellers have lined up for days in Hong Kong every time a new
iPhone is released, hoping to cash in from tech-loving mainlanders who would not
be able to buy the gadget at home for weeks. This time, however, the phone was
released on the mainland on the same day as in Hong Kong.

One speculator with a couple of the new smartphones to resell lamented that the
latest models were no longer as appealing.

"[Business] is no good. No one likes this phone. There are no new features,"
said Sushil Kumar, of the device.

He hoped to sell the iPhone 6S for HK$6,500 and the bigger iPhone 6S Plus at
HK$7,000. They retail at HK$5,588 and HK$6,388 respectively.

Nevertheless, the price of the phones fluctuated throughout the day, depending
on colour, storage capacity and size.

"It's impossible to tell you a fixed price. It changes every minute," said an
employee at G-World Mobile in Sin Tat Plaza in Mong Kok.

By 3pm, ePrice, an electronics website, reported prices of some new iPhones had
recovered in the plaza, especially rose gold ones, which were highly sought
after by speculators and buyers. A 64GB pink iPhone 6S Plus, which cost
HK$7,888, could fetch up to HK$8,600.

On the same day that the iPhone 6S was released on the mainland and Hong Kong,
high-grade knock-offs were already selling for under US$100 - about one-eighth
of the cost of the original - in Shenzhen and Guangdong province.

In the grey market at Shenzhen's Huaqiangbei they could be had for between 580
yuan (HK$703) and 630 yuan.

"These are the first batch the factories have cloned according to Apple's
advertising pictures," said Tang Shouquan, a trader selling counterfeit Samsung
and Apple gadgets at Mingtong Digital City in Huaqiangbei.

"They will get the genuine model from Hong Kong today and immediately adjust the
colour and shape to make the second batch even better."

The fake iPhones were not yet available in rose gold, a newly introduced colour
rumoured to have been added specially to appeal to Chinese customers, who now
make up a significant share of Apple's revenue.

"We expect to have a rose gold version in a few days," Tang added.

Already hard to distinguish from the real deal, the knock-offs run on an Android
operating system made to look like an Apple interface. They even have Apple-like
icons on the home screen.

The phones come with a dual core processor, have a built-in 8GB SD memory card
and - for the first time - can use an iPhone lightning cable to charge.

Tang said most counterfeits would be sold to customers in second- or third-tier
cities across the country, which includes the capital cities of many provinces.

"There is a huge market for fake iPhones in the Chinese hinterlands," Tang said.

"People there dream of possessing world-class products but for most people who
come from rural areas that's all it is - a dream. They can't afford to buy
them."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 12:58 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 867 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and most of the rumours
and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's New iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with the new Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as the
old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 12:58 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 867 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and most of the rumours
and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's New iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with the new Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as the
old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

WRONG CALL? Response to 6s Likely to Upset Apple-Cart Here

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 553 words


Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some extent as
bookings for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen short of expectations,
according to some of the company's trade partners. Against a bold target of
tripling pre-bookings for the devices, which will be available in India on
Friday, these have risen by just 1015% compared with last year for the previous
models, the trade partners said.

They said buyers expect lower prices online once the phone becomes widely
available, which means Apple's ambitious sales target for the new generation of
devices could still eventually be met. Earlier this year, Apple had allowed its
distributors to sell at the lowest price to the ecommerce channel, leading to a
surge in sales after having followed a conservative line that meant all vendors
had to hold their rates at the company mandated level.

Adding to buyers' hesitation on prebookings is price. The entry model costs .
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch ' price, said the executives cited
above.

"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a waitand-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands.

Leading cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were

forced to reach out to customers for prebookings, unlike the previous year when
demand outstripped supply. The India experience thus far runs counter to the
global scenario -Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones
with more than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch.

An executive at a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been
muted, largely because of high prices.

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'onemonth price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid the difference. Others have
offered instant buyback at 50% of the price for older iPhone models. These
initiatives don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300 mod

els amounting to ' . 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last year. Expectation
of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles ED K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobiles MD Subhash Chandra said prebookings
of the latest iPhones were below expectations. "However, consumers may want to
see the models once they are launched and then may buy ," he said.

Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at midnight on October 16 in
India.The company has priced the 6s at ' . 62,000 (16GB), ' . 72,000 (64 GB) and
' . 82,000 (128 GB), while the larger screen 6s Plus will cost '. 72,000 (16GB),
' . 82,000 (64GB) and . 92,000 (128 GB). Pre-bookings started at ' the beginning
of the month. Telecom operators such as Airtel and Vodafone have partnered Apple
this year to offer prebooking plans.

Apple hadn't responded to emailed queries at press time.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple presses deeper with new iPhones and more

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 891 words


Apple is bolstering its money-pumping iPhone line while looking to dive deep
into businesses with iPads and dominate living rooms with Apple TV hardware
tuned to app-loving lifestyles.

Tricked-out new iPhone 6 models, along with overhauled Apple TV hardware and
iPad Pro tablets with enlarged screens, were major announcements at the
technology titan's media event Wednesday in San Francisco.

"Apple did the typical good job at the event," Gartner analyst Brian Blau told
AFP.

"Overall, I don't think it is going to push the needle for Apple in a good or a
bad direction. These are great devices and cool features."

Apple shares ended the official trading day down slightly less than two percent
at $110.15, and danced around that price in after-market trades.

"If you are an investor, you are probably not that excited about today because
you didn't hear numbers and these features won't impact sales this quarter,"
Blau said.

- 3D touch -

Apple introduced two updated iPhones to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

"Apple has performed the ultimate conjuring trick: Change everything about the
iPhone, but make it look almost identical to the old model," IHS Technology said
in a posted analysis.

By responding to sensing pressure, the phones enable users to dip in and out of
content without losing their place.

"It will further refine our use of touch as a main user interface," Blau said.

The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus -- which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" -- has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as
the earlier versions.

For those buying without carrier subsidies, Apple will sell the devices on a
24-month installment plan at $27 per month for the $650 iPhone 6S and $31 for
the 6S Plus, making the price nearly $750.

Apple will take pre-orders starting Saturday and deliver the phones September 25
in the US, Britain, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan,
New Zealand, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

- iPad Pro -

The new iPad Pro has the power and capabilities to replace a laptop computer,
Apple said. It had aspects reminiscent of Microsoft Surface Pro tablets, such as
covers that double as keyboards.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook called the device "the biggest news in iPad since
the iPad."

The new tablet with a 12.9-inch display also includes a detachable keyboard and
stylus, sold separately.

According to Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller, the device features
"desktop-class performance" and operates faster than 80 percent of portable PCs
that shipped in the last 12 months.

The new iPad will be available in November starting at $799.

The iPad Pro stylus, called Apple Pencil, was designed for high-precision
illustration and 3D design applications. Apple Pencil will be sold for $99 more
and the keyboard for $169.

Avi Greengart at the research firm Current Analysis tweeted that the new tablets
"are aimed directly at enterprises. That's a long sales cycle, but could finally
stop (the tablet market's) sales slide."

- Upgraded TV box -

Upgraded Apple TV includes voice search, touchscreen remote control and an app
store in a challenge to Google, Amazon and Roku.

Apple TV was overhauled as people increasingly stream films and television shows
on-demand online and turn to mobile applications for entertainment.

"We believe the future of television is apps," Cook said.

Apple released a software kit for outside developers, and showed off early
versions of Apple TV applications already being crafted by show streaming
services Netflix and Hulu, as well as HBO.

Apple TV has the potential to take the kinds of "casual game" apps popular on
mobile devices and put them on television screens, according to analysts.

- Ask for something funny -

Siri virtual assistant software newly built into Apple TV will allow for natural
language searches for shows -- for example, by asking for something funny or a
certain actor by name.

The new Apple TV will launch in late October at a starting price of $149.

Apple TV has lagged rivals with similar devices.

According to the research firm Parks Associates, Roku leads the US market with a
37 percent market share, to 19 percent for Google Chromecast and 17 percent for
Apple TV. Amazon's Fire TV devices have 14 percent.

"For Apple TV to succeed it will have to give people what they already want on a
TV: TV shows," said Forrester analyst James McQuivey.

Apple also said the operating system for its Apple Watch, watchOS 2, would be
made available as a free update September 16.

The company offered no sales figures but Cook said customers "love using Apple
Watch," and that user satisfaction "is an incredible 97 percent."

The latest iteration of the Watch, created with French fashion house Hermes,
features a hand-stitched leather band and starts at $1,100.

soe-gc-rl/ch

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday
                               Bangalore Edition

New iPhones to Cost Much Higher Here than Overseas

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 290 words


Apple's muchawaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will cost '. 62,000 for the
lowest storage variant and as much . 92,000 for the top-end model, as '
distributors said Thursday. The India prices are much higher than those in
overseas markets such as the US and Singapore, which may deter buyers,
especially those intending to upgrade from iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, experts
said.

The latest phones, which have

been offered for astronomical prices on websites such as eBay India, Quikr, Olx
and Flipkart since the US launch on September 25, will be available for
pre-registration at Apple's local distributor websites, including Brightstar,
besides online portals Paytm and

tals Paytm and Snapdeal.

The 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variants of the iPhone 6s will be sold . 62,000, '
for ' . 72,000 and '. 82,000, respectively , and similar versions of the 6s Plus
will cost ' . 72,000, . 82,000 and ' ' . 92,000. In the US, the cheapest iPhone
6s is listed on Apple's website for $649 (. '42,235) while the same model on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (. '8,295). ET was the first to
report the prices last week, which have now been confirmed. The new models in
India are 14-16% more expensive than the devices launched last year.

"Globally, pricing remained similar to last year's models, but a strong dollar
led to increase in pricing in certain regions this year...India, not being a
highvolume country for Apple, the increase in pricing might be a result of weak
rupee and rise in duty compared to last year," said Tarun Pathak, a senior
analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.

"It might deflect some buyers to the older iPhone 6 variant, which might undergo
a price cut too along with other older models," Pathak said.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Decision: Is it time to upgrade your iPhone?

BYLINE: Jefferson Graham

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 576 words


Should you fork over $650 or more to upgrade to the new iPhone?

It's a question many folks are asking  after Apple gave a sneak peek of new
editions at a media event here. The improved specs for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus
editions are overwhelming: better battery performance, a more powerful chip,
water-resistant body, more storage and a camera that has geeks like me drooling.

But if you've got an iPhone 6 or 6S, do you really need any of that?

Re-selling your old phone, trading it in, getting a new contract or paying full
price for the device is costly and an ordeal for many.

Buy the new one or stick with an old iPhone?

If you have the iPhone 5S or earlier, it's a no brainer. You want to have the
latest technology, not a phone from 2013.

If you've got a more recent model, such as the iPhone 6 or 6S, and are happy
with it, then by all means hold onto it. The phone still works, you've got an
always-on connection to the Internet, and the 6 and 6S runs the latest apps,
just like the 7.

And for that matter, the entry level model, the SE, which sells for $399, gives
you all the cool stuff you'll find on the iPhone 6S and 6 Plus but at a lower
price and a smaller 4-inch screen.

Two of the coolest new features being touted in the ads for the iPhone 7 are
software enhancements, and they'll work on older phones as well, as part of the
iOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade.

Siri, the personal digital assistant, will now work with many of your favorite
apps, including LinkedIn, Uber and Square Cash. iMessages also gets a new,
visual coat of paint. Your texts will have bigger fonts, and you'll have access
to funny stickers and new tools like being able to draw pictures directly onto
texts.

More storage is a big deal

For many of you, the biggest upgrade of all is the extra storage on the new
phones. Many people who get a 16 GB entry-level phone download some apps, take
some photos and videos, and within weeks, they're already out of room.

The new editions of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and the previous models, the 6S and
6S Plus, all start at 32 GB, which is twice the storage, and welcome.

There is no way to upgrade your memory without buying a new phone since Apple
doesn't offer expandable storage, like many rivals do.

So if you're out of room, have a cracked screen and your phone is sluggish, I'd
certainly recommend getting the latest and greatest with the iPhone 7.

No headphone jack

This could be a deal-breaker for many of you. The new edition iPhones ditched
the long-standing headphone jack in order to make room and extend the battery
life. Headphones now get connected via the Lightning charging port, or you can
use wireless Bluetooth headphones. (To make it less painful, Apple is loading an
adapter to connect older traditional headphones to the Lightning port.)

Many online have expressed outrage at having to buy new headphones for the new
iPhone and have raised concerns -- how to charge the phone and listen to music
at the same time?

Belkin International to the rescue. The accessories manufacturer announced last
week a new device to do both: charge while listening to music, with the $39.99
Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar, which will be available Oct. 10.

Bottom line

The specs pretty much say it. The iPhone 7 is a slightly lighter phone, with
longer battery life, water resistance, better storage and improved camera.

But if your phone is fine and you're happy with it, by all means, save the money
and stick with what you've got.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Chris Thomas, Reviewed.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Samsung Galaxy outsells Apple iPhone in US for first time

LENGTH: 245 words


[THE INVESTOR] Samsung Electronics' flagship smartphone Galaxy S7 has managed to
outsell Apple's iPhone 6S in the US for the first time.

According to market research firm Kantar Worldpanel, 16 percent of American
consumers purchased Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge for the three-month period ending in
May, while 14.6 percent chose an iPhone 6S or 6S Plus during the same period.

Samsung Galaxy S7 (left) and Apple's iPhone 6S

Even though the Samsung phones are newer handsets by half a year, Apple's
iPhones have been defeating the Korean rival on its home turf.

With the new iPhone coming only in September, Kantar predicted more declines in
the iPhone share in the meantime.

In the overall US market, Kantar found, Samsung had the biggest share with 37
percent to Apple's 29 percent. Apple still boasts a higher loyalty rating, with
88 percent of current customers intending to stay loyal. But the figure for
Samsung is almost equal at 86 percent.

"When we look at where these brand purchases are coming from, just 5 percent of
Samsung purchases came from people moving away from Apple, while 14 percent of
Apple buyers came from those switching from Samsung," said Lauren Guenveur,
consumer insight director for Kantar Worldpanel.

"The majority of sales were from customers repurchasing and upgrading within
their preferred brand. Among those intending to change devices in the next year,
88% of current Apple users and 86% of current Samsung users intend to stay
loyal."

By Lee Ji-yoon (

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Scores queue to get their hands on the new iPhone

BYLINE: Barbara Hodgson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 372 words


GADGET geeks got their hands on the new iPhone 6s which went on sale yesterday.

The Apple store in Newcastle's Eldon Square geared up for the 8am launch as the
eagerlyawaited iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit the shelves at prices ranging from £539
up to £789.

Nina Millington was one of several students keen to bag their chosen gold,
silver, space grey or new rose gold metallic finish.

Londoner Nina, a 19-year-old starting a biomedical sciences course at Newcastle
University next week, was after the rose gold.

"I've always had Apple products and I've had my phone several years now," she
said.

"From what I've seen the new one is very good and very durable. It can do
everything I need it to do and the university has an app to timetable everything
which I can use." There was a cup of free coffee for those who wanted it as the
queue of up to 40 waited for doors to open.

Among those near the front was Qingya Zhang, 25, a Newcastle University banking
and finance student, who queued for nearly two hours.

"It's exciting," he said. "I'm really happy because I've been waiting a long
time for this phone."

Among the happy buyers was a 16-year-old from Gateshead who had borrowed money
from his parents to buy a £619 rose gold 6s.

And Christopher Johnston, a student and parttime worker from Jesmond, who said
he wanted the new 6s because of its extra features . "I considered the rose gold
but wasn't sure so got the gold instead," he said.

Most were heading straight off to explore their new buys but Ben McLaughlin, a
product manager from West Allotment, was on his way to work.

"I might have a play at lunch-time," he said. The 36-year-old has also been
among the first to buy new Apple products in the past and this time made his
£750 purchase.

He said: "This has been better than previously; it's been more organised."

George Hua, who had gone with his friend and fellow student Martin Ma to, said:
"I wanted a phone I can use for at least two years and I think this is the best
quality."

At the Metrocentre, Gateshead, the Red Mall opened at 6am ahead of the launch
which saw the iPhone 6s Plus go on sale nationwide.

The iPhone 6s Plus phones come with a price tag of £619 for the 16GB model, £699
for the 64GB model and £789 for the 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Customers queue outside the the apple store in Eldon Square, Newcastle
to buy the new iPhone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2015 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

Zong launches iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 313

LENGTH: 181  words


Zong, Pakistan's first and only 3G + 4G network officially launched the latest
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus for its valued customers at a colorful ceremony arranged
at state-of-the-art Experience and Service Centre. As per set pattern prescribed
by Apple, Zong has been given special mandate to exclusively launch Apple's
latest smartphones in Islamabad. A number of Zong customers that had pre-booked
their latest iPhones one week prior to its official launch along with other
senior officials including Babar Bajwa, Chief Commercial Officer - Zong gathered
at Sharp 6 pm to witness this grand occasion.

Babar Bajwa CCO Zong handed-over first iPhone 6s to a customer that is resident
of Islamabad. Speaking at the occasion Mr Bajwa said, We, at Zong, endeavor to
bring innovative solutions through latest technologies to our customers in
Pakistan. We are proud that we have taken another leap forward by bringing the
world's latest smartphone devices with distinction. Our customers now can
experience the true speed of 4G/LTE on latest smartphones by iPhone which is a
perfect technology match.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        July 18, 2016 Monday 1:59 PM GMT

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s;
A video supposedly showing a finished version of the iPhone 7 matches it up to
Apple's existing handset - and it looks like little will change

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 223 words


Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

Finished iPhone 7 PICTURED for the first time? Viral photo is clearest image yet
of Apple's next gadget

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

How to download US iPhone and iPad apps on your UK device - get Pokémon GO game
TODAY

But do we expect more from Apple this time around? Have your say in the comments
section below.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Chinese lawyer sues iPhone seller

LENGTH: 236  words


A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be misleading
statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s products.

BEIJING - A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be
misleading statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s
products.

Lawyer He Ganlin from Guangzhou bought a 128 gigabyte iPhone 6s for 6,858 yuan
(1076 U.S. dollars) from the dealer, the Guangdong branch of China Mobile, after
seeing an advertisement declaring that, "The only thing that's changed is
everything."

Online media outlet "The Paper" reported that after using his new gadget, He
found that "everything had not changed" as the advertisement claimed. Compared
with the iPhone 6, the 6s is almost identical in its appearance, nor has it
changed much in functionality, He said.

The lawyer also argues that the words "only" and "everything" contravene China's
new Advertising Law, which forbids definitive or absolute terms like "best",
"perfect" and "national level".

The lawyer is demanding compensation of 20,000 yuan, three times the price of
the phone, and according to the report, a court in Guangzhou has accepted the
case.

The defendant is yet to respond.

China is Apple's most successful market. During this year's Singles' Day online
shopping spree earlier this week, Chinese customers bought more than three
million smart-phones on Alibaba's Tmall platform.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               November 13, 2015

Chinese lawyer sues iPhone seller

LENGTH: 236  words


A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be misleading
statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s products.

BEIJING - A Chinese lawyer is suing an iPhone seller for what he believes to be
misleading statements in the company's advertising for the new iPhone 6s
products.

Lawyer He Ganlin from Guangzhou bought a 128 gigabyte iPhone 6s for 6,858 yuan
(1076 U.S. dollars) from the dealer, the Guangdong branch of China Mobile, after
seeing an advertisement declaring that, "The only thing that's changed is
everything."

Online media outlet "The Paper" reported that after using his new gadget, He
found that "everything had not changed" as the advertisement claimed. Compared
with the iPhone 6, the 6s is almost identical in its appearance, nor has it
changed much in functionality, He said.

The lawyer also argues that the words "only" and "everything" contravene China's
new Advertising Law, which forbids definitive or absolute terms like "best",
"perfect" and "national level".

The lawyer is demanding compensation of 20,000 yuan, three times the price of
the phone, and according to the report, a court in Guangzhou has accepted the
case.

The defendant is yet to respond.

China is Apple's most successful market. During this year's Singles' Day online
shopping spree earlier this week, Chinese customers bought more than three
million smart-phones on Alibaba's Tmall platform.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

A new wrench in wireless pricing;
2 year installmentiPhone plans put carriers on the spot

SECTION: ; Pg. Z8

LENGTH: 697 words


The iPhone 6S is displayed during its unveiling last week.

Apple's move to sell its newest iPhones on an installment plan is the latest
blow to the smartphone pricing used and frequently reviled by consumers for
years: the two-year cellphone contract.

When Apple unveiled its new smartphones last week, it said the iPhone 6S would
start at $199 with a new two-year contract and the 6S Plus would cost $299 on
contract. That was the simple way to describe it, as for years Americans were
accustomed to signing a two-year contract with a wireless carrier in exchange
for a discount on the upfront price.

But at the same time, executives introduced installment and leasing plans that
acknowledge most telecom carriers are abandoning these contracts tied to deeply
discounted phones.

The result is a scenario that sounds a lot like a plan you get from an auto
dealer.

By buying directly from Apple, a consumer can pay $27 to $31 a month for 24
months for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. At the end of those two years, the
consumer would own the phone outright. Cellphone service fees, of course, come
on top of that.

Apple also introduced, and is displaying prominently on the Apple.com store, a
new iPhone Upgrade program. You can purchase the iPhone 6S on a monthly payment
plan starting at $32.41 for the 16GB model or $36.58 for the 16GB 6S Plus (going
up by a little more than $4 a month if you want more storage).

The pricier plan includes the ability to upgrade to a new iPhone after 12
months. You'd continue to pay the installments on the new phone and would just
be "restarting the clock," having to pay the monthly fee for another two years
before you would own the newer phone. In this way, the customer is essentially
leasing the phone from Apple.

The iPhone would be sold unlocked in the Upgrade program and can be used with
any carrier. And, much like the warranty sold on a car, the monthly payment plan
also includes Apple Care+, which would normally cost $129 for a second year. It
also includes the ability to replace a broken iPhone at a discount ($99 for up
to two incidents).

The transition from two-year contracts, and the deep phone discounts tied to
them, reflect the maturing of the smartphone market and the pressures facing
telecom carriers.

When Apple launched the original iPhone, it was far more expensive than most
cellphones used by consumers. It made the steep cost palatable to consumers by
linking with a carrier, AT&T, which offered the phone for a more moderate price
in exchange for a multiyear contract.

Under this system, a phone that would cost $649 without a contract would cost
$199 with one, with the carrier then charging an extra fee on top of service to
make up the difference (and a profit) over the next 24 months. So instead of
paying $15 a month for service, you would be paying $40 in addition to the $199
upfront.

Over the past few years, the carriers have begun getting rid of contracts in
favor of monthly payment plans. Carriers say these plans are better for them
because they more accurately reflect the true price of the phones.

All the major national carriers offer monthly payment plans today as they phase
out contract options. T-Mobile stopped offering contracts two years ago, and in
August, Verizon said it was no longer planning on offering two-year contracts.
Sprint announced it would stop offering contracts by the end of the year. Only
AT&T has yet to fully renounce contracts.

Apple's installment plans are pricier than previous iPhone installment plans
offered by carriers, though under those plans the iPhone isn't necessarily sold
unlocked and does not benefit from an extra year of warranty protection. AT&T,
Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have yet to release their new pricing for the
phones, though T-Mobile is welcoming Apple's new way to sell phones.

"We love this," says T-Mobile COO Mike Sievert in a statement given to USA
TODAY. "Anything that gives customers total choice is a win for them and it is a
win for T-Mobile. Unlocked phones give consumers the freedom to try out any
carrier. That is a fantastic thing for T-Mobile, too."

The carriers have yet to reveal pricing, promotions or trade-in offers for the
new iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

A new wrench in wireless pricing;
2 year installmentiPhone plans put carriers on the spot

SECTION: ; Pg. Z8

LENGTH: 697 words


The iPhone 6S is displayed during its unveiling last week.

Apple's move to sell its newest iPhones on an installment plan is the latest
blow to the smartphone pricing used and frequently reviled by consumers for
years: the two-year cellphone contract.

When Apple unveiled its new smartphones last week, it said the iPhone 6S would
start at $199 with a new two-year contract and the 6S Plus would cost $299 on
contract. That was the simple way to describe it, as for years Americans were
accustomed to signing a two-year contract with a wireless carrier in exchange
for a discount on the upfront price.

But at the same time, executives introduced installment and leasing plans that
acknowledge most telecom carriers are abandoning these contracts tied to deeply
discounted phones.

The result is a scenario that sounds a lot like a plan you get from an auto
dealer.

By buying directly from Apple, a consumer can pay $27 to $31 a month for 24
months for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. At the end of those two years, the
consumer would own the phone outright. Cellphone service fees, of course, come
on top of that.

Apple also introduced, and is displaying prominently on the Apple.com store, a
new iPhone Upgrade program. You can purchase the iPhone 6S on a monthly payment
plan starting at $32.41 for the 16GB model or $36.58 for the 16GB 6S Plus (going
up by a little more than $4 a month if you want more storage).

The pricier plan includes the ability to upgrade to a new iPhone after 12
months. You'd continue to pay the installments on the new phone and would just
be "restarting the clock," having to pay the monthly fee for another two years
before you would own the newer phone. In this way, the customer is essentially
leasing the phone from Apple.

The iPhone would be sold unlocked in the Upgrade program and can be used with
any carrier. And, much like the warranty sold on a car, the monthly payment plan
also includes Apple Care+, which would normally cost $129 for a second year. It
also includes the ability to replace a broken iPhone at a discount ($99 for up
to two incidents).

The transition from two-year contracts, and the deep phone discounts tied to
them, reflect the maturing of the smartphone market and the pressures facing
telecom carriers.

When Apple launched the original iPhone, it was far more expensive than most
cellphones used by consumers. It made the steep cost palatable to consumers by
linking with a carrier, AT&T, which offered the phone for a more moderate price
in exchange for a multiyear contract.

Under this system, a phone that would cost $649 without a contract would cost
$199 with one, with the carrier then charging an extra fee on top of service to
make up the difference (and a profit) over the next 24 months. So instead of
paying $15 a month for service, you would be paying $40 in addition to the $199
upfront.

Over the past few years, the carriers have begun getting rid of contracts in
favor of monthly payment plans. Carriers say these plans are better for them
because they more accurately reflect the true price of the phones.

All the major national carriers offer monthly payment plans today as they phase
out contract options. T-Mobile stopped offering contracts two years ago, and in
August, Verizon said it was no longer planning on offering two-year contracts.
Sprint announced it would stop offering contracts by the end of the year. Only
AT&T has yet to fully renounce contracts.

Apple's installment plans are pricier than previous iPhone installment plans
offered by carriers, though under those plans the iPhone isn't necessarily sold
unlocked and does not benefit from an extra year of warranty protection. AT&T,
Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have yet to release their new pricing for the
phones, though T-Mobile is welcoming Apple's new way to sell phones.

"We love this," says T-Mobile COO Mike Sievert in a statement given to USA
TODAY. "Anything that gives customers total choice is a win for them and it is a
win for T-Mobile. Unlocked phones give consumers the freedom to try out any
carrier. That is a fantastic thing for T-Mobile, too."

The carriers have yet to reveal pricing, promotions or trade-in offers for the
new iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

A BIGGER BITE of the AppleThere's very little the new iPhone 6s Plus cannot do

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1594 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

The new iPhone 6s Plus is a powerful smartphone in a sleek, premium body and
comes with a new useful user-interface called 3D Touch and an excellent camera.

The phone sent for review was in the new and very attractive Rose Gold colour
but it's also available in silver, space grey and with a gold finish. It has a
strong build with the casing made of an alloy developed from 7000 Series
aluminium, the same grade used in the aerospace industry.

The iPhone 6s Plus is really powerful. It is powered by Apple's custom-designed
A9 chip â[#x20ac]" the third-generation chip with 64-bit desktop-class
architecture â[#x20ac]" which is 70 per cent faster than A8 chip. The A9 chip
also delivers 90-per-cent faster GPU performance and is capable of console-class
gaming.

The 6s Plus runs on Apple's iOS 9.1, which Apple says is more intelligent and
proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features. Among other things,
the Proactive assistance suggests apps to launch and people to contact based on
your usage patterns. And Siri also detects road traffic conditions and prompts
you when to leave in order to reach your destination on time.

Siri has been improved to find your personal photos and videos more easily with
voice commands based on dates, locations and album names.

The model sent for testing had 128 gigabytes internal storage. Other storage
configurations include 16 GB and 64 GB. The larger memory is recommended for
those who are constantly recording video clips.

The test model's touch screen and menus were very responsive with swiping and
scrolling fast and smooth. All applications ran smoothly and fast.
Graphics-extensive games, such as Traffic Racing Rivals: Real Endless Road Car
Racer, roared during the test.

The 6s Plus supports up to 32 LTE bands of 4G connection. I tested its wireless
data connection on TrueMove H's LTE network and I found that the 6s Plus had
very fast data connection.

During the test, I found that apps were downloaded and installed very fast. My
snapshots were posted on my Facebook wall in a snap and pictures taken with the
6s Plus were backed up to my Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage in no time.

I used Ookla speedtest app to measure the data connection speed and found that
iPhone 6s Plus achieved a download speed of 53.91 Mbps and upload speed of 21.23
Mbps.

The A9 chip is embedded with the M9 motion coprocessor so it works well with
fitness apps like Apple's own Health and Nike+ in keeping track of your
activities. The motion coprocessor offloads tasks from the A9 and connects to
the advanced sensors on the 6s Plus so you can use the iPhone to measure your
running or walking, for example.

The iPhone 6s Plus has a beautiful 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
technology and a 1080x1920-pixel resolution that's excellent for viewing photos
and watching HD video clips.

The 3D touch user interface makes using the iPhone 6s Plus more convenient,
especially with apps that require a quick response, such as Messages.

The technology senses how deeply you press the display and provides the relevant
interface.

The Retina HD display with 3D Touch works with capacitive pressure sensors and
Taptic Engine to make 3D Touch technology effective and intuitive. Apple
explains that the Retina HD display with 3D Touch "is placed under the cover
glass and is on top of the capacity pressure sensors, which are placed over the
Taptic Engine.

"When the display is pressed, the capacitive sensors measure microscopic changes
in the distance between the cover glass and the backlight."

The iOS uses these measurements to provide fast, accurate and continuous
response to finger pressure. Several apps have been designed to make use of this
3D Touch technology to allow you to peek into certain content or pop up the
content. The all-new Taptic Engine provides responsive feedback in the form of
subtle taps. That is, you feel a mini tap when you peek into the content and
when you pop up the content fully, you'll feel a full tap.

Several native apps of the iOS 9.1, including Mail and Messages, support the 3D
Touch functions. Apple says other developers are now in the process of enhancing
their apps to support 3D touch user interface, among them Instagram, Pinterest,
Sky Guide, Dropbox and Facebook.

Basically, the 3D Touch lets you peek into the relevant information, like a new
mail or a new SMS message, without having to leave what you are doing to open
the mail or message. You can further "pop" or open the mail or message after
peeking by applying more pressure to the screen.

Adding to the convenience, you can quickly respond to the sender of the SMS
message with a predefined text. For example, when you peek into a message by
touching with a little pressure, you can slide up the peeked window and reply
with contextual responses, like "thanks", "okay" or "yes".

And when you peek into an email in list view, you can slide up to reply,
forward, mark as read, notify me, or move the mail.

These functions are called Quick Actions and they are very convenient.

When you view the list of emails, you can press a mail lightly to peek the
content. The content of the email appears on top of your inbox. If the mail is
short, you can read it and simply stop pressing to return to the inbox. If you
want to read more the content, you can press a little deeper to "Pop" into the
message for a full view.

And when someone sends you a link to a website, you can peek at it without
leaving the screen you are on by pressing the link lightly and the top of the
page will appear. When you stop pressing it, you are back in your message. If
you press deeper on the link, you will pop into the page.

Moreover, when someone sends an address to you, you can peek at it on a map
without leaving the screen you are on. You simply press lightly on the link and
the location will appear at the top of the screen. If you want more details, you
can press a little deeper to pop into a full map.

Apps that support Quick Actions are numerous and include Messages, Calendar,
Camera, Photos, Clock, Maps, Wallet, Notes, Phone, Safari, Mail, Music,
FaceTime, Contacts and Voice Memos.

Press the Camera icon on the Home screen, for example, and Quick Actions will
pop up a menu screen, allowing you to select to snap a selfie, shoot a video,
take a normal photo or shoot a slow motion video.

Likewise, when you press the Maps icon on the Home screen, you can choose to
instantly get directions, or drop a pin on your current location, send your
current location to your friend or see what's nearby.

The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a good quality iSight camera with 12-megapixel
resolution and a 5 MP-front-facing FaceTime camera. The iSight camera has
optical image stabilisation and it uses a new image signal processor and
advanced pixel technology to improve local tone mapping. The 6s Plus has better
noise reduction too even in low-light conditions.

I found during the test that 6s Plus captured sharp and clean shots even at
night. I captured scenes of traffic congestion after dark and was impressed by
the clean and sharp shots that clearly showed the street lamps and taillights.
Indoor shots were also sharp and clean and the high-resolution panorama mode
allowed me to take beautiful panoramas of up to 63 MP per shot.

The 6s Plus's iSight camera also comes with Live Photos mode. In this mode, the
camera not only captures a 12-MP photo, but also shoots video of the moments
just before and after the photo is taken complete with sound. When you review
the photos, the short clips are played both before and after the stills.

Live Photos can be shared with other iOS users and users of Mac computers that
run on OS X El Capitan. You can share Live Photos via iMessage, iCould Photo
Sharing and Airdrop. You can also use a Live Photo as your Lock Screen
wallpaper.

The iSight camera captures 4K video as well as slow- motion video in 1080p at
120 frames per second and 720p video at 240 fps.

After shooting a 4K clip, you can use the new iMovie app to edit the clip and
share it via your YouTube account at 4K resolution. You can also edit two 4K
clips to create a picture-in-picture effect on the iPhone 6s Plus.

Another nice feature is the Touch ID function that lets you scan your
fingerprint on the home button to unlock the phone. The Touch ID can also be
used for purchases from iTune Store, iBooks Store and App Store.

Music quality is good too. I tried playing high-resolution songs in uncompressed
WAV format via Sony's MDR-100AAP headphones and was impressed by the clarity and
powerful bass.

Apple's iPhone 6s Plus has a starting price of Bt30,500 depending on the storage
capacity. A case made from premium, hand-selected European tanned leather comes
in midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and black and starts at
Bt1,500.key

specs

n OS: iOS 9.1

n Networks: LTE: (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27,
28, 29, 30), UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE
(850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)

n Chip: A9 chip with 64-bit architecture, embedded M9 motion coprocessor

n Display: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch, 1920-by-1080-pixel
resolution at 401 ppi, 1300:1 contrast ratio

n Cameras: 12-megapixel iSight camera with 1.22um pixels and BSI sensor, f/2.2
lens, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with BSI sensor, f/2.2 lens

n Memory: 2GB

n Storage: 16GB, 64GB or 128GB

n Sensors: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Barometer, Three-axis gyro,
Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor

n Sim card: Nano SIM

n Battery: 2,750 mAh

n Dimension: 158.2x77.9x7.3mm

n Weight: 192g

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

A BIGGER BITE of the AppleThere's very little the new iPhone 6s Plus cannot do

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1594 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

The new iPhone 6s Plus is a powerful smartphone in a sleek, premium body and
comes with a new useful user-interface called 3D Touch and an excellent camera.

The phone sent for review was in the new and very attractive Rose Gold colour
but it's also available in silver, space grey and with a gold finish. It has a
strong build with the casing made of an alloy developed from 7000 Series
aluminium, the same grade used in the aerospace industry.

The iPhone 6s Plus is really powerful. It is powered by Apple's custom-designed
A9 chip â[#x20ac]" the third-generation chip with 64-bit desktop-class
architecture â[#x20ac]" which is 70 per cent faster than A8 chip. The A9 chip
also delivers 90-per-cent faster GPU performance and is capable of console-class
gaming.

The 6s Plus runs on Apple's iOS 9.1, which Apple says is more intelligent and
proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features. Among other things,
the Proactive assistance suggests apps to launch and people to contact based on
your usage patterns. And Siri also detects road traffic conditions and prompts
you when to leave in order to reach your destination on time.

Siri has been improved to find your personal photos and videos more easily with
voice commands based on dates, locations and album names.

The model sent for testing had 128 gigabytes internal storage. Other storage
configurations include 16 GB and 64 GB. The larger memory is recommended for
those who are constantly recording video clips.

The test model's touch screen and menus were very responsive with swiping and
scrolling fast and smooth. All applications ran smoothly and fast.
Graphics-extensive games, such as Traffic Racing Rivals: Real Endless Road Car
Racer, roared during the test.

The 6s Plus supports up to 32 LTE bands of 4G connection. I tested its wireless
data connection on TrueMove H's LTE network and I found that the 6s Plus had
very fast data connection.

During the test, I found that apps were downloaded and installed very fast. My
snapshots were posted on my Facebook wall in a snap and pictures taken with the
6s Plus were backed up to my Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage in no time.

I used Ookla speedtest app to measure the data connection speed and found that
iPhone 6s Plus achieved a download speed of 53.91 Mbps and upload speed of 21.23
Mbps.

The A9 chip is embedded with the M9 motion coprocessor so it works well with
fitness apps like Apple's own Health and Nike+ in keeping track of your
activities. The motion coprocessor offloads tasks from the A9 and connects to
the advanced sensors on the 6s Plus so you can use the iPhone to measure your
running or walking, for example.

The iPhone 6s Plus has a beautiful 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
technology and a 1080x1920-pixel resolution that's excellent for viewing photos
and watching HD video clips.

The 3D touch user interface makes using the iPhone 6s Plus more convenient,
especially with apps that require a quick response, such as Messages.

The technology senses how deeply you press the display and provides the relevant
interface.

The Retina HD display with 3D Touch works with capacitive pressure sensors and
Taptic Engine to make 3D Touch technology effective and intuitive. Apple
explains that the Retina HD display with 3D Touch "is placed under the cover
glass and is on top of the capacity pressure sensors, which are placed over the
Taptic Engine.

"When the display is pressed, the capacitive sensors measure microscopic changes
in the distance between the cover glass and the backlight."

The iOS uses these measurements to provide fast, accurate and continuous
response to finger pressure. Several apps have been designed to make use of this
3D Touch technology to allow you to peek into certain content or pop up the
content. The all-new Taptic Engine provides responsive feedback in the form of
subtle taps. That is, you feel a mini tap when you peek into the content and
when you pop up the content fully, you'll feel a full tap.

Several native apps of the iOS 9.1, including Mail and Messages, support the 3D
Touch functions. Apple says other developers are now in the process of enhancing
their apps to support 3D touch user interface, among them Instagram, Pinterest,
Sky Guide, Dropbox and Facebook.

Basically, the 3D Touch lets you peek into the relevant information, like a new
mail or a new SMS message, without having to leave what you are doing to open
the mail or message. You can further "pop" or open the mail or message after
peeking by applying more pressure to the screen.

Adding to the convenience, you can quickly respond to the sender of the SMS
message with a predefined text. For example, when you peek into a message by
touching with a little pressure, you can slide up the peeked window and reply
with contextual responses, like "thanks", "okay" or "yes".

And when you peek into an email in list view, you can slide up to reply,
forward, mark as read, notify me, or move the mail.

These functions are called Quick Actions and they are very convenient.

When you view the list of emails, you can press a mail lightly to peek the
content. The content of the email appears on top of your inbox. If the mail is
short, you can read it and simply stop pressing to return to the inbox. If you
want to read more the content, you can press a little deeper to "Pop" into the
message for a full view.

And when someone sends you a link to a website, you can peek at it without
leaving the screen you are on by pressing the link lightly and the top of the
page will appear. When you stop pressing it, you are back in your message. If
you press deeper on the link, you will pop into the page.

Moreover, when someone sends an address to you, you can peek at it on a map
without leaving the screen you are on. You simply press lightly on the link and
the location will appear at the top of the screen. If you want more details, you
can press a little deeper to pop into a full map.

Apps that support Quick Actions are numerous and include Messages, Calendar,
Camera, Photos, Clock, Maps, Wallet, Notes, Phone, Safari, Mail, Music,
FaceTime, Contacts and Voice Memos.

Press the Camera icon on the Home screen, for example, and Quick Actions will
pop up a menu screen, allowing you to select to snap a selfie, shoot a video,
take a normal photo or shoot a slow motion video.

Likewise, when you press the Maps icon on the Home screen, you can choose to
instantly get directions, or drop a pin on your current location, send your
current location to your friend or see what's nearby.

The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a good quality iSight camera with 12-megapixel
resolution and a 5 MP-front-facing FaceTime camera. The iSight camera has
optical image stabilisation and it uses a new image signal processor and
advanced pixel technology to improve local tone mapping. The 6s Plus has better
noise reduction too even in low-light conditions.

I found during the test that 6s Plus captured sharp and clean shots even at
night. I captured scenes of traffic congestion after dark and was impressed by
the clean and sharp shots that clearly showed the street lamps and taillights.
Indoor shots were also sharp and clean and the high-resolution panorama mode
allowed me to take beautiful panoramas of up to 63 MP per shot.

The 6s Plus's iSight camera also comes with Live Photos mode. In this mode, the
camera not only captures a 12-MP photo, but also shoots video of the moments
just before and after the photo is taken complete with sound. When you review
the photos, the short clips are played both before and after the stills.

Live Photos can be shared with other iOS users and users of Mac computers that
run on OS X El Capitan. You can share Live Photos via iMessage, iCould Photo
Sharing and Airdrop. You can also use a Live Photo as your Lock Screen
wallpaper.

The iSight camera captures 4K video as well as slow- motion video in 1080p at
120 frames per second and 720p video at 240 fps.

After shooting a 4K clip, you can use the new iMovie app to edit the clip and
share it via your YouTube account at 4K resolution. You can also edit two 4K
clips to create a picture-in-picture effect on the iPhone 6s Plus.

Another nice feature is the Touch ID function that lets you scan your
fingerprint on the home button to unlock the phone. The Touch ID can also be
used for purchases from iTune Store, iBooks Store and App Store.

Music quality is good too. I tried playing high-resolution songs in uncompressed
WAV format via Sony's MDR-100AAP headphones and was impressed by the clarity and
powerful bass.

Apple's iPhone 6s Plus has a starting price of Bt30,500 depending on the storage
capacity. A case made from premium, hand-selected European tanned leather comes
in midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and black and starts at
Bt1,500.key

specs

n OS: iOS 9.1

n Networks: LTE: (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27,
28, 29, 30), UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE
(850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)

n Chip: A9 chip with 64-bit architecture, embedded M9 motion coprocessor

n Display: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch, 1920-by-1080-pixel
resolution at 401 ppi, 1300:1 contrast ratio

n Cameras: 12-megapixel iSight camera with 1.22um pixels and BSI sensor, f/2.2
lens, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with BSI sensor, f/2.2 lens

n Memory: 2GB

n Storage: 16GB, 64GB or 128GB

n Sensors: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Barometer, Three-axis gyro,
Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor

n Sim card: Nano SIM

n Battery: 2,750 mAh

n Dimension: 158.2x77.9x7.3mm

n Weight: 192g

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

A BIGGER BITE of the AppleThere's very little the new iPhone 6s Plus cannot do

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1594 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

The new iPhone 6s Plus is a powerful smartphone in a sleek, premium body and
comes with a new useful user-interface called 3D Touch and an excellent camera.

The phone sent for review was in the new and very attractive Rose Gold colour
but it's also available in silver, space grey and with a gold finish. It has a
strong build with the casing made of an alloy developed from 7000 Series
aluminium, the same grade used in the aerospace industry.

The iPhone 6s Plus is really powerful. It is powered by Apple's custom-designed
A9 chip â[#x20ac]" the third-generation chip with 64-bit desktop-class
architecture â[#x20ac]" which is 70 per cent faster than A8 chip. The A9 chip
also delivers 90-per-cent faster GPU performance and is capable of console-class
gaming.

The 6s Plus runs on Apple's iOS 9.1, which Apple says is more intelligent and
proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features. Among other things,
the Proactive assistance suggests apps to launch and people to contact based on
your usage patterns. And Siri also detects road traffic conditions and prompts
you when to leave in order to reach your destination on time.

Siri has been improved to find your personal photos and videos more easily with
voice commands based on dates, locations and album names.

The model sent for testing had 128 gigabytes internal storage. Other storage
configurations include 16 GB and 64 GB. The larger memory is recommended for
those who are constantly recording video clips.

The test model's touch screen and menus were very responsive with swiping and
scrolling fast and smooth. All applications ran smoothly and fast.
Graphics-extensive games, such as Traffic Racing Rivals: Real Endless Road Car
Racer, roared during the test.

The 6s Plus supports up to 32 LTE bands of 4G connection. I tested its wireless
data connection on TrueMove H's LTE network and I found that the 6s Plus had
very fast data connection.

During the test, I found that apps were downloaded and installed very fast. My
snapshots were posted on my Facebook wall in a snap and pictures taken with the
6s Plus were backed up to my Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage in no time.

I used Ookla speedtest app to measure the data connection speed and found that
iPhone 6s Plus achieved a download speed of 53.91 Mbps and upload speed of 21.23
Mbps.

The A9 chip is embedded with the M9 motion coprocessor so it works well with
fitness apps like Apple's own Health and Nike+ in keeping track of your
activities. The motion coprocessor offloads tasks from the A9 and connects to
the advanced sensors on the 6s Plus so you can use the iPhone to measure your
running or walking, for example.

The iPhone 6s Plus has a beautiful 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
technology and a 1080x1920-pixel resolution that's excellent for viewing photos
and watching HD video clips.

The 3D touch user interface makes using the iPhone 6s Plus more convenient,
especially with apps that require a quick response, such as Messages.

The technology senses how deeply you press the display and provides the relevant
interface.

The Retina HD display with 3D Touch works with capacitive pressure sensors and
Taptic Engine to make 3D Touch technology effective and intuitive. Apple
explains that the Retina HD display with 3D Touch "is placed under the cover
glass and is on top of the capacity pressure sensors, which are placed over the
Taptic Engine.

"When the display is pressed, the capacitive sensors measure microscopic changes
in the distance between the cover glass and the backlight."

The iOS uses these measurements to provide fast, accurate and continuous
response to finger pressure. Several apps have been designed to make use of this
3D Touch technology to allow you to peek into certain content or pop up the
content. The all-new Taptic Engine provides responsive feedback in the form of
subtle taps. That is, you feel a mini tap when you peek into the content and
when you pop up the content fully, you'll feel a full tap.

Several native apps of the iOS 9.1, including Mail and Messages, support the 3D
Touch functions. Apple says other developers are now in the process of enhancing
their apps to support 3D touch user interface, among them Instagram, Pinterest,
Sky Guide, Dropbox and Facebook.

Basically, the 3D Touch lets you peek into the relevant information, like a new
mail or a new SMS message, without having to leave what you are doing to open
the mail or message. You can further "pop" or open the mail or message after
peeking by applying more pressure to the screen.

Adding to the convenience, you can quickly respond to the sender of the SMS
message with a predefined text. For example, when you peek into a message by
touching with a little pressure, you can slide up the peeked window and reply
with contextual responses, like "thanks", "okay" or "yes".

And when you peek into an email in list view, you can slide up to reply,
forward, mark as read, notify me, or move the mail.

These functions are called Quick Actions and they are very convenient.

When you view the list of emails, you can press a mail lightly to peek the
content. The content of the email appears on top of your inbox. If the mail is
short, you can read it and simply stop pressing to return to the inbox. If you
want to read more the content, you can press a little deeper to "Pop" into the
message for a full view.

And when someone sends you a link to a website, you can peek at it without
leaving the screen you are on by pressing the link lightly and the top of the
page will appear. When you stop pressing it, you are back in your message. If
you press deeper on the link, you will pop into the page.

Moreover, when someone sends an address to you, you can peek at it on a map
without leaving the screen you are on. You simply press lightly on the link and
the location will appear at the top of the screen. If you want more details, you
can press a little deeper to pop into a full map.

Apps that support Quick Actions are numerous and include Messages, Calendar,
Camera, Photos, Clock, Maps, Wallet, Notes, Phone, Safari, Mail, Music,
FaceTime, Contacts and Voice Memos.

Press the Camera icon on the Home screen, for example, and Quick Actions will
pop up a menu screen, allowing you to select to snap a selfie, shoot a video,
take a normal photo or shoot a slow motion video.

Likewise, when you press the Maps icon on the Home screen, you can choose to
instantly get directions, or drop a pin on your current location, send your
current location to your friend or see what's nearby.

The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a good quality iSight camera with 12-megapixel
resolution and a 5 MP-front-facing FaceTime camera. The iSight camera has
optical image stabilisation and it uses a new image signal processor and
advanced pixel technology to improve local tone mapping. The 6s Plus has better
noise reduction too even in low-light conditions.

I found during the test that 6s Plus captured sharp and clean shots even at
night. I captured scenes of traffic congestion after dark and was impressed by
the clean and sharp shots that clearly showed the street lamps and taillights.
Indoor shots were also sharp and clean and the high-resolution panorama mode
allowed me to take beautiful panoramas of up to 63 MP per shot.

The 6s Plus's iSight camera also comes with Live Photos mode. In this mode, the
camera not only captures a 12-MP photo, but also shoots video of the moments
just before and after the photo is taken complete with sound. When you review
the photos, the short clips are played both before and after the stills.

Live Photos can be shared with other iOS users and users of Mac computers that
run on OS X El Capitan. You can share Live Photos via iMessage, iCould Photo
Sharing and Airdrop. You can also use a Live Photo as your Lock Screen
wallpaper.

The iSight camera captures 4K video as well as slow- motion video in 1080p at
120 frames per second and 720p video at 240 fps.

After shooting a 4K clip, you can use the new iMovie app to edit the clip and
share it via your YouTube account at 4K resolution. You can also edit two 4K
clips to create a picture-in-picture effect on the iPhone 6s Plus.

Another nice feature is the Touch ID function that lets you scan your
fingerprint on the home button to unlock the phone. The Touch ID can also be
used for purchases from iTune Store, iBooks Store and App Store.

Music quality is good too. I tried playing high-resolution songs in uncompressed
WAV format via Sony's MDR-100AAP headphones and was impressed by the clarity and
powerful bass.

Apple's iPhone 6s Plus has a starting price of Bt30,500 depending on the storage
capacity. A case made from premium, hand-selected European tanned leather comes
in midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and black and starts at
Bt1,500.key

specs

n OS: iOS 9.1

n Networks: LTE: (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27,
28, 29, 30), UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE
(850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)

n Chip: A9 chip with 64-bit architecture, embedded M9 motion coprocessor

n Display: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch, 1920-by-1080-pixel
resolution at 401 ppi, 1300:1 contrast ratio

n Cameras: 12-megapixel iSight camera with 1.22um pixels and BSI sensor, f/2.2
lens, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with BSI sensor, f/2.2 lens

n Memory: 2GB

n Storage: 16GB, 64GB or 128GB

n Sensors: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Barometer, Three-axis gyro,
Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor

n Sim card: Nano SIM

n Battery: 2,750 mAh

n Dimension: 158.2x77.9x7.3mm

n Weight: 192g

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

A BIGGER BITE of the AppleThere's very little the new iPhone 6s Plus cannot do

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 1594 words


Paisal Chuenprasaeng

The Nation

The new iPhone 6s Plus is a powerful smartphone in a sleek, premium body and
comes with a new useful user-interface called 3D Touch and an excellent camera.

The phone sent for review was in the new and very attractive Rose Gold colour
but it's also available in silver, space grey and with a gold finish. It has a
strong build with the casing made of an alloy developed from 7000 Series
aluminium, the same grade used in the aerospace industry.

The iPhone 6s Plus is really powerful. It is powered by Apple's custom-designed
A9 chip â[#x20ac]" the third-generation chip with 64-bit desktop-class
architecture â[#x20ac]" which is 70 per cent faster than A8 chip. The A9 chip
also delivers 90-per-cent faster GPU performance and is capable of console-class
gaming.

The 6s Plus runs on Apple's iOS 9.1, which Apple says is more intelligent and
proactive with powerful search and improved Siri features. Among other things,
the Proactive assistance suggests apps to launch and people to contact based on
your usage patterns. And Siri also detects road traffic conditions and prompts
you when to leave in order to reach your destination on time.

Siri has been improved to find your personal photos and videos more easily with
voice commands based on dates, locations and album names.

The model sent for testing had 128 gigabytes internal storage. Other storage
configurations include 16 GB and 64 GB. The larger memory is recommended for
those who are constantly recording video clips.

The test model's touch screen and menus were very responsive with swiping and
scrolling fast and smooth. All applications ran smoothly and fast.
Graphics-extensive games, such as Traffic Racing Rivals: Real Endless Road Car
Racer, roared during the test.

The 6s Plus supports up to 32 LTE bands of 4G connection. I tested its wireless
data connection on TrueMove H's LTE network and I found that the 6s Plus had
very fast data connection.

During the test, I found that apps were downloaded and installed very fast. My
snapshots were posted on my Facebook wall in a snap and pictures taken with the
6s Plus were backed up to my Microsoft OneDrive cloud storage in no time.

I used Ookla speedtest app to measure the data connection speed and found that
iPhone 6s Plus achieved a download speed of 53.91 Mbps and upload speed of 21.23
Mbps.

The A9 chip is embedded with the M9 motion coprocessor so it works well with
fitness apps like Apple's own Health and Nike+ in keeping track of your
activities. The motion coprocessor offloads tasks from the A9 and connects to
the advanced sensors on the 6s Plus so you can use the iPhone to measure your
running or walking, for example.

The iPhone 6s Plus has a beautiful 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch
technology and a 1080x1920-pixel resolution that's excellent for viewing photos
and watching HD video clips.

The 3D touch user interface makes using the iPhone 6s Plus more convenient,
especially with apps that require a quick response, such as Messages.

The technology senses how deeply you press the display and provides the relevant
interface.

The Retina HD display with 3D Touch works with capacitive pressure sensors and
Taptic Engine to make 3D Touch technology effective and intuitive. Apple
explains that the Retina HD display with 3D Touch "is placed under the cover
glass and is on top of the capacity pressure sensors, which are placed over the
Taptic Engine.

"When the display is pressed, the capacitive sensors measure microscopic changes
in the distance between the cover glass and the backlight."

The iOS uses these measurements to provide fast, accurate and continuous
response to finger pressure. Several apps have been designed to make use of this
3D Touch technology to allow you to peek into certain content or pop up the
content. The all-new Taptic Engine provides responsive feedback in the form of
subtle taps. That is, you feel a mini tap when you peek into the content and
when you pop up the content fully, you'll feel a full tap.

Several native apps of the iOS 9.1, including Mail and Messages, support the 3D
Touch functions. Apple says other developers are now in the process of enhancing
their apps to support 3D touch user interface, among them Instagram, Pinterest,
Sky Guide, Dropbox and Facebook.

Basically, the 3D Touch lets you peek into the relevant information, like a new
mail or a new SMS message, without having to leave what you are doing to open
the mail or message. You can further "pop" or open the mail or message after
peeking by applying more pressure to the screen.

Adding to the convenience, you can quickly respond to the sender of the SMS
message with a predefined text. For example, when you peek into a message by
touching with a little pressure, you can slide up the peeked window and reply
with contextual responses, like "thanks", "okay" or "yes".

And when you peek into an email in list view, you can slide up to reply,
forward, mark as read, notify me, or move the mail.

These functions are called Quick Actions and they are very convenient.

When you view the list of emails, you can press a mail lightly to peek the
content. The content of the email appears on top of your inbox. If the mail is
short, you can read it and simply stop pressing to return to the inbox. If you
want to read more the content, you can press a little deeper to "Pop" into the
message for a full view.

And when someone sends you a link to a website, you can peek at it without
leaving the screen you are on by pressing the link lightly and the top of the
page will appear. When you stop pressing it, you are back in your message. If
you press deeper on the link, you will pop into the page.

Moreover, when someone sends an address to you, you can peek at it on a map
without leaving the screen you are on. You simply press lightly on the link and
the location will appear at the top of the screen. If you want more details, you
can press a little deeper to pop into a full map.

Apps that support Quick Actions are numerous and include Messages, Calendar,
Camera, Photos, Clock, Maps, Wallet, Notes, Phone, Safari, Mail, Music,
FaceTime, Contacts and Voice Memos.

Press the Camera icon on the Home screen, for example, and Quick Actions will
pop up a menu screen, allowing you to select to snap a selfie, shoot a video,
take a normal photo or shoot a slow motion video.

Likewise, when you press the Maps icon on the Home screen, you can choose to
instantly get directions, or drop a pin on your current location, send your
current location to your friend or see what's nearby.

The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a good quality iSight camera with 12-megapixel
resolution and a 5 MP-front-facing FaceTime camera. The iSight camera has
optical image stabilisation and it uses a new image signal processor and
advanced pixel technology to improve local tone mapping. The 6s Plus has better
noise reduction too even in low-light conditions.

I found during the test that 6s Plus captured sharp and clean shots even at
night. I captured scenes of traffic congestion after dark and was impressed by
the clean and sharp shots that clearly showed the street lamps and taillights.
Indoor shots were also sharp and clean and the high-resolution panorama mode
allowed me to take beautiful panoramas of up to 63 MP per shot.

The 6s Plus's iSight camera also comes with Live Photos mode. In this mode, the
camera not only captures a 12-MP photo, but also shoots video of the moments
just before and after the photo is taken complete with sound. When you review
the photos, the short clips are played both before and after the stills.

Live Photos can be shared with other iOS users and users of Mac computers that
run on OS X El Capitan. You can share Live Photos via iMessage, iCould Photo
Sharing and Airdrop. You can also use a Live Photo as your Lock Screen
wallpaper.

The iSight camera captures 4K video as well as slow- motion video in 1080p at
120 frames per second and 720p video at 240 fps.

After shooting a 4K clip, you can use the new iMovie app to edit the clip and
share it via your YouTube account at 4K resolution. You can also edit two 4K
clips to create a picture-in-picture effect on the iPhone 6s Plus.

Another nice feature is the Touch ID function that lets you scan your
fingerprint on the home button to unlock the phone. The Touch ID can also be
used for purchases from iTune Store, iBooks Store and App Store.

Music quality is good too. I tried playing high-resolution songs in uncompressed
WAV format via Sony's MDR-100AAP headphones and was impressed by the clarity and
powerful bass.

Apple's iPhone 6s Plus has a starting price of Bt30,500 depending on the storage
capacity. A case made from premium, hand-selected European tanned leather comes
in midnight blue, saddle brown, rose grey, brown and black and starts at
Bt1,500.key

specs

n OS: iOS 9.1

n Networks: LTE: (Bands 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 12, 13, 17, 18, 19, 20, 25, 26, 27,
28, 29, 30), UMTS/HSPA+/DC-HSDPA (850, 900, 1700/2100, 1900, 2100 MHz), GSM/EDGE
(850, 900, 1800, 1900 MHz)

n Chip: A9 chip with 64-bit architecture, embedded M9 motion coprocessor

n Display: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch, 1920-by-1080-pixel
resolution at 401 ppi, 1300:1 contrast ratio

n Cameras: 12-megapixel iSight camera with 1.22um pixels and BSI sensor, f/2.2
lens, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with BSI sensor, f/2.2 lens

n Memory: 2GB

n Storage: 16GB, 64GB or 128GB

n Sensors: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Barometer, Three-axis gyro,
Accelerometer, Proximity sensor, Ambient light sensor

n Sim card: Nano SIM

n Battery: 2,750 mAh

n Dimension: 158.2x77.9x7.3mm

n Weight: 192g

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Hobart Edition

Wet and wild with the iPhone 6S

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 94  words


A VIDEO test pushing the iPhone 6S beyond its natural limits appears to show
Apple has given its latest smartphone a secret super power.

While Apple has never claimed the iPhone 6S is waterproof, a new video shows it
could be designed to survive an accidental drenching or even dunking in the loo,
the cause of death for countless phones.

YouTuber Zach Straley shows the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus submerged for
an hour and in working order when pulled out of the water and dried off.Before
you test it yourself, a word of warning: Apple's warranty won't cover you.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        April 8, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple In Fresh Trouble With New iOS 9 Bug

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 222  words


The new flaw lets anyone access critical information like photos and contacts on
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus devices.

A YouTube video uploaded by the user, videosdebarraquito, has revealed some
serious flaws in the latest iOS 9.3.1 version of Apple. The new bug in the OS
enables anyone to access information like photos and contacts on an iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus device via bypassing the touch ID and passcode security
mechanisms.

The video showcases as how one first needs to access Siri by pressing the home
button on the device and giving it the command to search any domain name of an
email service provider with @ as a prefix on Twitter.

Once the Siri flashes the list of Tweets after the command, one can long press
the email address on a tweet, till the time the pop up appears and then can
select the option of 'Add new contact' to gain access to photos and also to
contacts in the phone by clicking on 'Add to existing contacts.' The hack is
only possible in 6s and 6s Plus devices due to the presence of the 3D touch
option.

Users, however, can secure their devices from this hack via cutting off Siri's
access to photos in the phone from the Privacy option in the settings menu. The
option of disabling Siri altogether from the device is also on the table, before
Apple comes up with a remedy for this security loophole.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Delayed shipment puts iPhone on hold

LENGTH: 354  words


The opening weekend for the official launch of two new iPhone models in Cambodia
hit a few bumps when the Kingdom's two authorised iPhone resellers faced
supply-side issues.

Telecom company Smart, one of the two licensed resellers, was forced to turn
away customers who had pre-booked the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus handsets after
its shipment of Apple smartphones did not arrive in time for Friday's highly
anticipated release.

Because of a shipment delay, the iPhone release has been delayed too, said a
customer service representative at a Smart branch in central Phnom Penh. It
could take a week to come in, but if it comes in earlier we will call and inform
our customers.

One Smart subscriber who had pre-ordered an iPhone 6S and paid a deposit said he
was deeply disappointed when he arrived at a Smart branch only to find the new
smartphone was not there.

Customer service called me on November 11 to pick up my iPhone on November 13,
said Sa Hang Lam. I am disappointed that I did not receive my phone, but even
more so because I wasted my time coming here as they did not inform me.

He said Smart customer service representatives told him on that he might have to
wait a week or longer until the first shipment arrives.

Over at iOne, the Kingdom's other licensed iPhone reseller, some customers who
pre-registered to purchase a phone were able to pick up their handsets.

Kao Damaityma, marketing manager of iOne, said the company's branch on Mao Tse
Tung Boulevard opened at 6am on Friday for pre-registered customers.

There were no lines, as was the case with the release of the iPhone 6 last
November, but by early afternoon the branch had run out of certain colours and
configurations.

A shipment will come next week to meet the demands of those who pre-registered,
who are mostly seeking the new rose-gold model, Damaityma said.

She added that walk-in customers who had not pre-registered were able to queue
and purchase iPhone 6S and 6S Plus handsets at the company's branch in Canadia
Tower.

More than 100 handsets were sold before stocks ran thin.

It went better than last year and customers were happy, said Damaityma.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Sprint Says: Hurry in Before It's Too Late! Last Two Weeks to Get Unlimited
High-Speed Data, Talk and Text for Just $60/Month!

LENGTH: 1151 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:




 At $60/month, Sprint offers the lowest rate among national carriers for an
unlimited high-speed data, talk and text plan. T-Mobile&rsquo;s Simple Choice
unlimited talk, text and high-speed data plan is $80/month. AT&T and Verizon no
longer offer unlimited data plans. Simple, easy, affordable &ndash; the Sprint
$60 Unlimited Plan is available to new and existing Sprint customers through
Oct. 15, 2015. Beginning Oct. 16, the $60 Unlimited Plan will increase to
$70/month.
 &ldquo;At Sprint, we give customers what they want &ndash; and they want the
option of unlimited data,&rdquo; Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure said. &rdquo;At $70 a
month, Sprint still beats the competition. Rather than increase the price
without warning, we want to give customers one last chance to take advantage of
the $60 rate.&rdquo;
 For customers who are tired of worrying about monthly data overage charges and
who want an unlimited plan for the best value, this is a great time to make the
switch to Sprint. To qualify for the plan, customers must purchase their device
through iPhone Forever, Sprint Lease, Sprint Easy Pay, pay full retail price or
bring their own compatible device. And for customers who are stuck with another
carrier, Sprint will pay off their current contract or phone balance to cover
costs to switch &ndash; after online registration via American Express Reward
Card1.
 Mobile data usage is skyrocketing. Between 2010 and 2014, mobile data traffic
in the United States increased 947 percent2. Sprint wants to keep offering
unlimited data at a great value, allowing customers the ability to use their
phone in all the ways they want. Sprint&rsquo;s Unlimited Plan ensures customers
are getting the best data experience, whether they are checking emails, watching
videos, sending pictures, or managing their business and personal lives. All
while on the Sprint network.3




























    Sprint



    T-Mobile



    AT&T



    Verizon



    Phone lines



    1



    1



    1



    1




     High-speed

     data included




    Unlimited



    Unlimited




     These guys don&rsquo;t even offer

     Unlimited!





     Monthly plan

     price





     $60 thru Oct. 15

     $70 starting Oct. 16




    $80














     All prices and allowances are per month and exclude taxes and fees. Other
data price options available. Competitor plans may include music, other
int&rsquo;l text/data features, data carry over, tethering, upgrade and cloud
options. See carrier websites for details.








 Get the iPhone 6s 16GB and Unlimited Data for $61/month
 For a limited time, you can combine the best unlimited plan with the
world&rsquo;s best offer for iPhone 6s&hellip;$61/month for iPhone 6s 16GB and
unlimited talk, text and data. Through iPhone Forever, Sprint is offering the
iPhone 6s 16GB for $1/month and the iPhone 6s Plus for $5/month with the
trade-in of an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus that the customer owns in full.
Included in the price, Sprint customers can always upgrade to the latest iPhone.

 Qualified Sprint customers can also get iPhone 6s 16GB for $15/month and iPhone
6s Plus 16GB for $19/month when they turn in a working smartphone, making it the
most affordable way to get the new iPhones on Sprint.
 Through Dec. 31, 2015, customers who switch to Sprint or existing Sprint
customers who are upgrade-eligible and turn in any other smartphone will get a
promotional rate of $15/month on iPhone 6s 16GB, regularly $22/month without a
trade-in, or $19/ month on the iPhone 6s Plus 16GB, regularly $26/month without
a trade-in4.
 Current Sprint customers on the Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan will not be impacted
by the change
 Current Sprint customers already on the Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan will be able
to remain on the plan at the $60/month rate when the new price comes into effect
Oct. 16. Those customers also may activate a new phone and remain on the $60
Unlimited Plan as long as they still meet the plan requirements and are
purchasing a phone option and financing option that is compatible with the plan.

 About Sprint
 Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and
better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint
served more than 57 million connections as of June 30, 2015, and is widely
recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies,
including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United
States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile,
and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk
capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to
the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past five years.
You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint
and www.twitter.com/sprint.
 1Requires valid port-in, submission of previous bill, current phone turn in and
online registration. Via American Express Reward Card. This offer is not
combinable with the $1 and $10 options. Customers with an iPhone 6 and iPhone 5s
may participate in this offer if they choose the $15/mo. lease.
 2CTIA-The Wireless Association Survey June 17, 2015.
 3To improve data experience for the majority of users, throughput may be
limited, varied or reduced on the network. Sprint may terminate service if
off-network roaming usage in a month exceeds: (1) 800 min. or a majority of min.
or (2) 100MB or a majority of KB. Prohibited network use rules apply&mdash;see
sprint.com/termsandconditions.
 4$0 down at signing on a 22-mo. lease at $15/mo. or $19/mo. or 21-mo. lease for
other monthly lease payments above, all for qualified customers. Requires new
line of service or eligible upgrade. Payment varies for other memory
configurations. No equipment security deposit required. Lease payment amount
excludes taxes and svc plan charges. Combined pricing also excludes surcharges.
Trade-in must be owned. Customer is responsible for insurance and any repairs.
If service or lease is cancelled early, the remaining lease payments become due
immediately and customer must return the device or pay the purchase option.
iPhone Forever: Applies to upgrade on lease. Upgrade does not include same
generation model iPhone. Does not guarantee monthly payment amount, phone
selection, or service plan rates. Contingent upon product availability. Not
transferable. May not be combinable with other offers, including contract
buyout. Restrictions apply.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Apple challenges rivals with revamped iPhones and moreshare price falls nearly 2
per cent after products announced

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 890 words


Agence France-Presse

SAN FRANCISCO

Apple is bolstering its money-pumping iPhone line while looking to dive deep
into businesses with iPads and dominate living rooms with Apple TV hardware
tuned to app-loving lifestyles.

Tricked-out new iPhone 6 models, along with overhauled Apple TV hardware and
iPad Pro tablets with enlarged screens, were major announcements at the
technology titan's media event in San Francisco.

"Apple did the typical good job at the event," Gartner analyst Brian Blau said.

"Overall, I don't think it is going to push the needle for Apple in a good or a
bad direction. These are great devices and cool features."

Apple shares ended the official trading day down slightly less than 2 per cent
at $110.15 (Bt3,986.40) and danced around that price in after-market trades.

"If you are an investor, you are probably not that excited about today
[Wednesday] because you didn't hear numbers and these features won't impact
sales this quarter," Blau said.

3D touch

Apple introduced two updated iPhones to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch", which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

"Apple has performed the ultimate conjuring trick: Change everything about the
iPhone, but make it look almost identical to the old model," IHS Technology said
in a posted analysis.

By responding to sensing pressure, the phones enable users to dip in and out of
content without losing their place.

"It will further refine our use of touch as a main user interface," Blau said.

The 6S has the 12-centimetre display of its predecessor and the 6S Plus, which
updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet category", has the same
13.97-centimetre screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminium body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels
as the earlier versions.

For those buying without carrier subsidies, Apple will sell the devices on a
24-month instalment plan at $27 per month for the $650 iPhone 6S and $31 for the
6S Plus, making the price nearly $750.

Apple will take pre-orders starting tomorrow and deliver the phones on September
25 in the US, Britain, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico and Singapore.

The new iPad Pro has the power and capabilities to replace a laptop computer,
Apple said. It had aspects reminiscent of Microsoft Surface Pro tablets, such as
covers that double as keyboards.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook called the device "the biggest news in iPad since
the iPad".

The new tablet with a 32.76-centimetre display also includes a detachable
keyboard and stylus, sold separately.

According to Apple senior #124vice president Phil Schiller, the device features
"desktop-class #124performance" and operates faster than 80 per cent of portable
PCs #124that shipped in the last 12 months.

The new iPad will be available in November starting at $799.

The iPad Pro stylus, called Apple Pencil, was designed for high-precision
illustration and 3D design applications. Apple Pencil will be sold for $99 more
and the keyboard for $169.

Avi Greengart at the research firm Current Analysis tweeted that the new tablets
"are aimed directly at enterprises. That's a long sales cycle, but could finally
stop [the tablet market's] sales slide."

Upgraded Apple TV includes voice search, touch-screen remote control and an app
store in a challenge to Google, Amazon and Roku.

Apple TV was overhauled as people increasingly stream films and television shows
on-demand online and turn to mobile applications for entertainment.

"We believe that the future of #124television is with apps," Cook said.

Apple released a software kit for outside developers, and showed off early
versions of Apple TV applications already being crafted by show streaming
services Netflix and Hulu, as well as HBO.

Apple TV has the potential to take the kinds of "casual game" apps popular on
mobile devices and put them on television screens, according to analysts.

Siri virtual assistant software newly built into Apple TV will allow for natural
language searches for shows, for example, by asking for something funny or a
certain actor by name.

The new Apple TV will launch in late October at a starting price of $149. Apple
TV has lagged rivals with similar devices.

According to the research firm Parks Associates, Roku leads the US market with a
37 per cent market share, to 19 per cent for Google Chromecast and 17 per cent
for Apple TV. Amazon's Fire TV devices have 14 per cent.

"For Apple TV to succeed it #124will have to give people what they already want
on a TV: TV shows," said Forrester analyst James McQuivey.

Apple also said the operating system for its Apple Watch, watchOS 2, would be
made available as a free update September 16.

The company offered no sales figures but Cook said customers "love using Apple
Watch," and that user satisfaction "is an incredible 97 per cent."

The latest iteration of the Watch, created with French fashion house Hermes,
features a hand-stitched leather band and starts at $1,100.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     October 8, 2015 Thursday 02:37 PM EST

Quick iPhone 6S case review: Ballistic Tungsten Tough

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 478  words


Click for image

I risked carrying around my new iPhone 6S for a week before finally stopping by
Best Buy to pick up a case: the Ballistic Tungsten Tough model.

I was looking for something of a tough and rubbery nature, like the trusty
Nuguard KX that helped to keep my iPhone 5 safe over the past 2 years (I
reviewed that iPhone case here).

I initially shopped around online but wanted to get a real feel for the case.
Plus, I was a little nervous about whether cases initially designed for the
iPhone 6 would really fit the iPhone 6S, which Apple says is just a smidgen
taller, wider, thicker and heavier. After all, who knows what that fancy new 3D
Touch feature might do to a phone's girth.

The first thing I noticed about the iPhone 6S cases at Best Buy is that many of
them had fresh new stickers on their cases to cover up the iPhone 6S designation
on the original packaging. Thus, my concerns about size comparisons were
rekindled.

But upon fitting my phone into the case, it felt fine.Tim Greene, NW

Hey what do you know, it's Network World's mobile website on my
Ballstic-protected iPhone 6S.

Indeed, the case I chose is rubbery, though actually has two parts, as seen in
the photo at the top of this review. Overall, it weighs .55 ounces.

In addition to the rubber casing, which fits around the sides of the phone and
bumps out a bit on the corners, a combination metal/silicone piece fits over the
rubber to toughen up the back and 2 sides of the case. The rubber part does
actually cover the buttons for volume and power, though I found them to continue
working naturally. The hole that allows access to the ring/silence switch is
just a tad tricky to negotiate with bigger fingers.

It took a little finagling to get the hard shell on, to the point where I
actually looked for instructions to make sure I wasn't going to crack my
4.7-inch Retina Display screen while trying. No instructions were to be found,
but I did jiggle the entire case around the phone eventually. I've also taken
the shell off since then; it's on snug enough that's it's not going to fall off,
but it is removable when pressure is applied.

The packaging for the case assures me that it's been tested for a 7-foot drop. I
decided not to try replicating that for your pleasure and my possible
displeasure.

The phone overall now is a bit heftier than some might like, especially if
you're upgrading from the smaller iPhone 5, but I prefer a little military grade
in my gadgets (Ballistic touts its case as having met or exceeded military
standards.)

Online, Best Buy sells the case for about $40, though I got mine for under $30
between it being on sale and using a 20% off coupon. Supposedly, this case is
sold exclusively at Best Buy. My case is black, with a gray metallic-looking
back, though Best Buy also offers blue, gray and brown models.

MORE: My Firefly music festival iPhone survival kit

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's iPhone SE hits shelves today and it's already worrying Android

BYLINE: STEVE DINNEEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 182 words


THIS MORNING Apple began selling its new iPhone SE handset, a dimin-utive
four-inch device that looks almost identical to 2013's iPhone 5. However,
despite bucking the trend for gigantic handsets, the SE manages to squeeze
virtually all the high-end gadgetry from Apple's flagship iPhone 6s, including
the new A9 processor, a 12 megapixel camera, and the ability to shoot 4K video.
The main feature it lacks, 3D Touch (a pressure sensitive screen that allows
previews and extra options), is unlikely to put off many buyers, with iPhone 6s
users finding it underwhelming.

While the SE is unlikely to persuade many iPhone 6s users to downsize, early
figures suggest it is already poaching Android users. According to Slice
Intelligence, only a third of SE pre-orders are from users who bought an iPhone
online in the past two years, compared with 49 per cent of iPhone 6s buyers. The
SE is also relatively cheap, starting at just £359.

It was described in City A.M. as "an exceptional handset at an exceptional
price", adding: "It's the best little phone in the world."

READ THE FULL REVIEW ON PAGE 26

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 Cairns Edition

Fresh byte of the Apple

BYLINE: Rod Chester

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 425  words


Hoping to reinvent the way we communicate, Apple has unveiled its latest gadgets
in what it called the biggest innovation since the iPad. Rod Chester reports.

APPLE yesterday promised a day of "monster" announcements and delivered it with
a giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new iPhones that are smarter,
faster and tougher than ever.

In one of its biggest days of hardware announcements in recent years, Apple CEO
Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad Pro and a revamped
Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to grab a slice of the
US$34 billion games console market.

In what is likely to be the last Apple event in a year that began with the
launch of the Apple Watch, the launch of two new iPhones also got lost in the
crowd of Apple announcements headed up by Apple's promise to bring "innovation"
to TVs through a TV app store. The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the
outside as last year's models, with a 4.7-inch screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch
screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the hood the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass to avoid the problems of "Bendgate" in which
some people reported bending their iPhone 6 Plus smartphones.

The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of the
phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12 megapixel
camera which is a big jump from the 8 megapixel camera in the iPhone 6.

Selfie fans will appreciate their own faces even more with an upgrade to the
front-facing camera to 5 megapixels plus the ability to use the glow of the
touchscreen as a front-facing flash. Apple made a push into productivity
yesterday with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet that lets you view apps
side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes is a step towards reviving a
stagnate tablet market.

While Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any stylus other than
a finger, Apple launched the Pencil along with a fold-up keyboard giving the
big-screen iPad Pro features to battle the appeal of Microsoft's Surface tablet.

Potentially the biggest announcement of the event was the launch of a new Apple
TV, with an app store that will allow third-party app makers to transfer popular
games, news, entertainment and lifestyle apps from mobile devices to television
screens.

Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

Read the full reviews of what's new from Apple and see video of the new features
and devices at www.advertiser.com.au/technology

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Verizon stores open early for new iPhone release

BYLINE: Ashton Brellenthin, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 200 words


Sept. 25--The Avon and Plainfield Verizon stores opened early last Friday
morning for the release of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Among the patrons waiting to get the new phone were Ben Davis High School junior
Jaylyn Robinson and his siblings, James Oliver and Zaniyah Burney.

Robinson said he was hoping to upgrade from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6s.

"I'm most excited about the 3D touch feature," he said.

The iPhone 6s introduces 3D touch, which allows your phone to sense how much
pressure is applied to the screen.

With a security officer on hand and more than 11 employees ready to assist
customers, Verizon was prepared for a big crowd coming in to get the new phone.

"If you're switching from Android to iPhone, we now have an app that makes it
easier to switch over," Verizon employee Kyle Graham said.

While other iPhone releases reporting customers camping out in front of the
Verizon stores, some for a week ahead of the planned release, only Robinson and
his siblings arrived 30 minutes before the store's scheduled early opening here.

___ (c)2015 the Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Ind.) Visit the Hendricks County
Flyer (Avon, Ind.) at www.flyergroup.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150925-FX-BRF-Verizon-stores-open-early-for-new-iPhone
-release-0925-20150925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                     Copyright 2015 Hendricks County Flyer


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features nice, but fairly modest

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 511 words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities.

The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web browsing,
switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as photo or
video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are being released in October. The only real usability issue with a
lack of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting optical stabilization as well, which
features sensors that move the lens slightly to fight against handshake movement
and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10x, as opposed to the previous 5x.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, The Associated Press; The new iPhone 7 features a
Lightning port but no headphone jack. The company said this was done to help
free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 8:10 PM GMT

Apple reveals waterproof iPhone 7 with new camera... and no headphone jack;
New colours, faster processor and longer battery life for the smaller iPhone 7,
and dual-cameras on the back for the iPhone 7 Plus - but as predicted, the
headphone jack is no moreApple iPhone 7 launch event: key points at a
glanceApple Watch series 2: GPS, waterproofing and faster processingSuper Mario
Run: Nintendo running game to launch with Apple's iPhone 7

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1265 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, its next generation smartphones,
which have a similar aluminium look but now waterproof with new insides, new
pressure-sensitive home button, new dual-camera features and no headphone
socket.

Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, took to the
stage at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco to announce the
smartphone, the first to launch with the company's latest iOS 10 software for
iPhone and iPad with improved notifications and messaging features.

The biggest change to the new iPhone, however, is the removal of the universal
3.5mm headphone jack, which used to be cut into the bottom of the smartphone and
is common to almost all forms of audio-producing electronics. Instead, Apple
hopes users will embrace the Lightning port, which is commonly used for power
and file transfers, for audio, or wireless headphones such as those made by
Apple's Beats headphones brand.

Lightning connector headphones and a Lightning-to-analogue adapter will be
included with the new iPhone.

Schiller said: "Apple EarPods are the most popular headphones in the world. Now
we're moving them to Lightning. Why? Because it provides digital audio, power,
and many other advantages that are simply not possible over an analogue
connection.

"The analogue headphone jack has been with us for a very long time. But the
reason to move on is courage. The courage to move on and do something new that
betters all of us."

Apple also announced a new set of its EarPod in-ear buds, this time without the
cable, called AirPods, which it hopes will ease the transition from the
headphones port.

Bluetooth headphones are widely available in a range of prices and capabilities,
and have become popular in the past two years, but truly wireless in-ear buds
have struggled to overcome the technological constraints of short battery life
and weak connectivity. Several new models released this year from companies such
as Motorola, Bragi and Samsung hope to solve those problems.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, said: "Up until now
no one has taken on the challenge of fixing the things that are difficult to do
in the wireless experiences so we can all enjoy them. So that's what we're doing
with the Apple AirPods."

AirPods will cost $170 and be available in late October. Apple's headphone brand
Beats will also release new wireless models.

Faster A10 Fusion chip

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A10 Fusion replacing the A9 from last year's
iPhone 6S - with the outside of the new smartphones seeing subtle changes in
design.

The new quad-core A10 Fusion processor will have 120 times the performance of
the original iPhone and Apple says it will also extend battery life through
improved power efficiencies.

Apple estimates that the iPhone 7 will deliver, on average, two more hours of
battery life than the iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 7 comes in a new gloss black colour and has hidden the previously
visible antenna lines on the back marking a couple of small visual tweaks to the
new phones over predecessors. The new iPhone is also now waterproof to IP67
standards, bringing it into line with rivals from Samsung and others.

The home button has also been tweaked to use a similar pressure-sensitive
technology as Apple's MacBook trackpads and the 3D touch screen of the iPhone
6S, which simulate movement using a small vibrating sensation when pressed
without actually depressing. The new button will allow further gesture control
and could pave the way for the button to be removed entirely in subsequent
version of the smartphone.

For many, the home button has been one of the weak points of the iPhone,
requiring replacement which has proved tricky due to the fingerprint sensor and
secure chip hidden underneath.

Plus dual-camera

The iPhone 7 will also have an improved camera system to keep up with rivals.
The iPhone used to have the best camera in the business, but the iPhone 6S faced
stiff competition from not only Samsung, but HTC, LG and rising star Chinese
firm Huawei.

The camera now has a faster, larger 12-megapixel sensor, a faster f1.8 lens for
better low-light photography and an enhanced true-tone flash. All versions of
the iPhone will now have optical image stabilisation, not just the larger Plus
models.

The update will see a new dual-camera fitted to the back of the larger iPhone 7
Plus - one 12-megapixel telephoto lens and one 12-megapixel wide-angle lens -
similar to those fitted to LG's G5. Both Huawei and LG have released smartphones
in the last year using two cameras on the back to varying degrees of success.

Apple allows optical zoom now up to 2x with both lenses, using digital zoom to
go beyond. A free update will also allow users to blur the background using both
lenses to judge distance and create a bokeh effect, similar to software effects
produced by rivals.

Schiller said: "On a dSLR you can move lens elements to zoom with a large lens.
But on a phone you can't do that. So we're using two cameras and two lenses to
do the same. The quality of the zoom, even with software zoom, is so much better
than before we decided to push it up to 10x."

The iPhone 7 will be available in four colours starting on 16 September at $649
for 32GB of storage - increased from last year's 16GB base storage with 128GB
and 256GB options. The iPhone 7 Plus will cost from $769, again with 32GB of
storage. The jet-black models will be 128GB and 256GB variants only.

Last year's iPhone 6S, 6S Plus and the iPhone SE will be still available, now
starting with 32GB of storage. The iPhone upgrade programme will also be made
available in the UK.

Tick, tock, tock?

Until now, Apple's smartphones have had a complete redesign every two years
according to its traditional release schedule, with improved processors and a
few new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S was the tock. The iPhone
7's use of the similar industrial design of previous iPhones plus new colours
bucks the trend, meaning the new iPhone could be considered as a second-such
tock. Whether improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will
come to 2015's iPhone 6S through software updates, will be enough to continue to
woo customers remains to be seen.

"Apple's biggest challenge is how to manage its large install base - the biggest
in the industry - and convince them to replace their smartphones and spend more
on services and in the company's ecosystem," said Francisco Jeronimo IDC's
research director for European mobile devices. "As we approach 80-85% smartphone
penetration, it's no longer about people buying their first smartphone but
attracting customers from rivals."

In the UK, Apple is fighting a war with chief rival Samsung over the 20% of
users that switch between operating systems. It scored the most switchers with
the iPhone 6, which introduced new screen sizes, but now it must attempt to
convince users to upgrade from previous iPhones.


     ·    Does Apple really think we're ready to ditch the headphone jack?
     ·    The Chinese are coming. Samsung is steady. Apple's iPhone 7 has to
          impress
     ·    Bose QC35 wireless headphones: simply unrivalled noise cancelling
     ·    Marshall Major II Bluetooth headphones: they last for ages and sound
          great too


LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

Sprint adds 33 more destinations to Sprint Open World - unlimited free texting,
great rates on calls and high-speed data

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:




 OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), September 17, 2015 - Whether you are
island-hopping through the Caribbean, escaping to Fiji or touring France, your
world just expanded with Sprint. Thirty-three destinations have been added to
the free Sprint Open World add-on service, giving customers unlimited free
texting and great rates on calls and high-speed data.


 Sprint Open World


  For customers traveling frequently to Mexico, Canada and 12 countries across
Latin America, Sprint Open World includes free calling and text, plus 1GB of
free data. The Latin American countries are Dominican Republic, Argentina,
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras,
Nicaragua, Panama and Paraguay. Sprint offers free calling in more international
destinations than any other carrier. T-Mobile offers free calling in two
countries. AT&T and Verizon do not offer free international calling.

  In more than 50 other destinations, including those just added to the Sprint
Open World plan, texting is free, calls are just $0.20/minute, and high-speed
data is only $30/GB.

  The new Sprint Open World destinations include France, Anguilla, Antigua and
Barbuda, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Bermuda, Bonaire, British Virgin Islands,
Cayman Islands, Curacao, Dominica, Fiji, Gibraltar, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guyana,
Haiti, Jamaica, Martinique, Montserrat, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, Seychelles, St.
Barthelemy, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, St. Vincent & The Grenadines,
Suriname, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago, Turks and Caicos Islands, and Vanuatu. For
a full list of destinations visit, www.sprint.com/openworld.

  Qualified Sprint customers on domestic plans with compatible phones may add
Sprint Open World to their Sprint plan simply by visiting
www.sprint.com/openworld or go to your local Sprint store.1

 &ldquo;When our customers are vacationing in the Caribbean or traveling abroad,
we know they want to be able to communicate with friends and family free from
worry about surprising costs to text, make a call home or send a photo,&rdquo;
said Kevin Crull, chief marketing officer, Sprint. &ldquo;We are continuing to
add more destinations and enabling our customers to stay connected virtually
wherever they go.&rdquo;


 Sprint Global Roaming
 Customers whose international travel does not frequently include Mexico, Canada
or Latin America may opt instead for the Sprint Global Roaming free add-on
service. With Sprint Global Roaming, customers get free unlimited 2G data,
unlimited text messaging, and calls for $0.20 per minute. For a complete list of
Sprint Global Roaming destinations, visit www.sprint.com/globalroaming.
 Open World and Global Roaming are available on iPhone 6s
 Both Open World and Global Roaming are available for free on the iPhone 6s, as
well as other iPhones and smartphones from Sprint. Starting on Sept. 25,
qualified Sprint customers can choose iPhone Forever2 to get iPhone 6s for $15
per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19 per month, making it the most affordable
way to get the new iPhones on Sprint. Customers who choose not to trade in an
existing smartphone at time of purchase can get iPhone 6s for $22 per month and
iPhone 6s Plus for $26 per month. With the innovative iPhone Forever program,
included in the price, Sprint customers can now get a new iPhone every year.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

China lifts iPhone sales to an even higher level

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 249 words


Apple has smashed its iPhone sales record after selling 13 million of its newest
handsets in the first weekend after their launch (James Dean writes).

Sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus comfortably beat the record of ten million
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets sold during launch weekend - defined by Apple as
the first three days of sales - in September last year.

Unlike last year, China featured among iPhone launch countries this year. Daniel
Ives, a senior analyst with FBR Capital Markets, said that Chinese sales
appeared to be "white hot".

The iPhone is by far the biggest part of Apple's business, with sales accounting
for nearly two thirds of revenue in the most recent quarter.

Apple shares touched nearly $135 in April amid soaring optimism about iPhone 6
and 6 Plus sales. They were trading down by 1.5 per cent at $113 yesterday
afternoon.

IHS Technology predicts that Apple will sell 236 million iPhones this year, up
by nearly a quarter on last year. However, Ian Fogg, an IHS analyst, suggested
that Apple could have trouble sustaining momentum next year. "Apple is going to
have to find a way to reinvent the iPhone and it is hard to find something that
is radically new," he said.

During the launch weekend this year, Apple sold the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12
countries with a combined population in excess of two billion, according to Walt
Piecyk, of BTIG.

The upgraded iPhones feature touchscreens that detect how hard they are being
pressed, which opens up new ways of navigating.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers joined iPhone fans keen to get the latest
modelMIKAEL BUCK/O2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

Upcoming iPhones will not be featuring Intel's LTE modems

LENGTH: 306  words


Looks like Apple will be sticking to its previous partnership

By tbreak Staff -

It was reported that the upcoming iPhones will be sporting Cat 6 LTE modems from
Qualcomm. However, there were rumors suggesting that Apple was going to
dismantle the partnership with the leading mobile chipset maker and turn its
attention towards a partnership with Intel for the company's LTE modems. Turns
out that the rumor was nothing more than a fluke because the upcoming iPhones,
which are expected to be officially announced next month are going to sport
Qualcomm's LTE modems.

According to a report, Intel was out of luck in securing a partnership with
Apple for the company's upcoming iPhones. However, that in no way means that the
leading processor manufacturer for desktops, laptops and servers is going to get
kicked out of the equation immediately because the source reports that iPhone 6c
could be sporting the company's LTE chips, which have been fabricated on the
28nm process. While iPhone 6c will feature the same FinFET chips as its iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the device will still perform lower compared to the
flagship duo.

This is perhaps the only reason why Intel's low cost LTE modems could be
incorporated in the company's lesser performing iPhone. In addition to this, it
is also possible that Intel secures a billion dollar deal with Apple for the
company's iPhones that are going to be released in 2017. For the remaining two
years, Apple will be using Qualcomm's chips mainly because they have been
processed under TSMC's 20nm process.

The smaller the lithographic process, the better the efficiency these chips will
show, along with better performance. Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are going
to be announced next month, and like always, Apple is going to have a few
surprises under its belt so stay tuned for more details.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6S Finally Available To Customers

BYLINE: Peter Jenkins

LENGTH: 303  words


Gadget lovers or the entire world has been eyeing Apple's new handsets i.e.
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus and now the tech giant has finally unveiled the new
iPhones and has finally made it available to public.

This year's release is the second generation to feature the 4.7-in and 5.5-in
displays. As per gadget experts these new handsets are slightly larger and
heavier, but look very similar to their predecessors.

This year the company has launched a new color for the iPhones i.e. the 'Rose
Gold' color. Apart from their appearance, the iPhone 6S models are very
different from the once previously launched by the company.

The company in the new models has used of a new 7000 Series aluminum alloy to
help create a sturdier, less bendable casing to updated cameras, a faster Touch
ID system, and pressure-sensitive multitouch display.

Apple has said that it hopes that early sale of its new handsets will break past
records. They said that the new iPhonesare faster due to the improvements in
custom-built A9 processor and the increase from 1GB of internal memory to 2GB.

Apple says the new chip is 70% faster than last year's, and graphics are 90%
faster. It certainly feels like it in routine use. The pressure-sensitive
display, one of the real advances in this year's models is supported by clever
software built into iOS 9, which allowed Apple to introduce 3D Touch.

Apart from usual swiping and tapping on the screen there is much more in this
year's handsets. A light press brings up one set of options; a firmer press
'Pop' opens even more options.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Region: United
States (http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: Apple
(http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           September 19, 2016 Monday

App-driven car rides

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 19 -- While technology zooms ahead with experimentation, it's
raining some sweet deals too

When you book a Uber on your phone, the car might just drive up to your pick-up
location by itself thanks to advancements in self-driving technology. While this
is still far from becoming a reality in India, Uber has begun piloting
self-driving cars in Pittsburg, USA. A majority of accidents worldwide happen
due to human error and self-driving technology can surely reduce fatal accidents
and save lives. But what's still uncertain is if machines can respond
effectively to road conditions such as traffic, pedestrians and bad drivers like
a typical human would. Google has been talking a lot about self-driving cars and
has been testing them, too, on US roads. Tesla cars, too, have an autopilot
feature. The future of cars is surely going to be interesting for the passenger
and less so for the driver.

Apple price cuts

While the Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are coming to India on October 7, starting
at Rs 60,000 for the iPhone 7 32GB and Rs 72,000 for the iPhone 7 Plus 32GB,
it's a great time to pick up an iPhone 6S or 6s Plus right now as it has got
huge price cuts in India. The iPhone 6S 128 GB version now retails for Rs
60,000, down from the earlier Rs 82,000 MRP. The iPhone 6S Plus 128 GB version
with a larger display, bigger battery and optical image stabilisation in the
camera now retails for Rs 70,000 down from the earlier Rs 92,000 MRP. Apple has
released the much awaited iOS 10 software update for iPhones, iPads and iPod
touch devices. The watchOS 3 update for the Apple Watch is also available. This
software update gives a new lease of life to your existing devices with host of
new features including visual tweaks, performance improvements, upgrades to Siri
and iMessage. It might be a good idea to take a backup of your device before
proceeding with the update.

No more headphone jack

Apple finally axed the commonly used 3.5mm headphone jack on the iPhone7 but it
is not just the Cupertino giant. LeEco, formerly known as LeTV, was in fact the
first to launch a phone without the 3.5 mm jack and decided to use the USB
type-C port for both charging and audio output. Motorola, too, decided to drop
the port in the Moto Z device in favour of the USB type-C port. While Apple is
shipping a pair of lightning earpods, LeEco and Motorola are shipping USB-type C
based earphones. We might see more handsets players join the bandwagon soon.
Although dropping a very old port for packing more advanced features in a
smartphone is understandable, it is definitely going to be painful initially.
There has never been a better time to invest in a pair of wireless headphones
for a hasslefree audio experience.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 7 to be waterproof?

LENGTH: 219  words


By tbreak Staff -

Recent rumors suggest that the latest Apple iPhone 7 lineup might sport a
waterproof body and new antenna concealing technology as well.

The latest news is that Catcher Technologies will be providing 30 to 35 percent
of the chassis components for upcoming iPhones, says Taiwan's Commercial Times.
The possibility of a waterproof iPhone design was previously rumored, but the
news about the antenna changes is new. Apple could conceivably be hoping to
integrate the part into the chassis itself. However, thanks to the added gasket
and various silicone seals, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are already quite water
resistant, but going waterproof would involve a thorough redesign, such as
figuring out how to seal off ports, switches and buttons.

The new materials also suggest that Apple might be considering a non metal
chassis. Ever since the iPhone 5, Apple has tended to stick towards an
all-aluminum design, but other materials might improve structural stability and
/ or reduce manufacturing costs. Apple has used the tougher 7000 series aluminum
for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but that comes at an extra price.

Apple is also rumored to launch a new 4 inch iPhone 6c this March or April,
while the iPhone 7 might make it to the markets in September.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/29/145156175152.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Why is iPhone 7 held up

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, May 18 -- Apple is expected to launch a next-gen 4.7-inch "iPhone 7"
this September, within its usual timeframe. The previous iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s
design will be changed, as Apple is believed to be planning an all-new chassis
that will eliminate the camera "bump," as well as visible antenna bands. Expect
a faster processor, better camera, and potentially the elimination of the 3.5mm
headphone jack, requiring either Lightning or Bluetooth headphones.

Appearance & Design

Early reports suggest Apple's next-gen iPhone will be even thinner than current
models, potentially between 6.0 to 6.5mm thick. The slimmed down chassis is also
expected to boast a revamped design. Some rumors claim iPhone 7 will move away
from an all-metal construction to a new as-yet-unknown material, possibly
ceramic. Other rumblings point to a completely flat screen that does away with
curved edges found on iPhone 6s.

The phone may or may not be fully waterproof, which would be an evolution from
the iPhone 6s, which is only partially water-resistant. If the headphone jack
does disappear, it may be replaced with a second speaker. Recent schematic
"leaks" suggest Apple might delete the 3.5mm headphone jack on the "iPhone 7
Plus," while keeping it intact on the smaller 4.7-inch version.

Some case leaks have suggested the possibility of a Smart Connector and/or a
design without a home button. The iPad Pro can recharge through its Smart
Connector, so it's possible the addition of the

magnetic port to the iPhone 7 could allow new ways to dock or use an external
battery case without needing to rely on the Lightning port. Smart Connector
charging could also allow

users to listen to audio through the Lightning port while repowering the
battery.

Apple is thought to be preparing the usual two-model offering for 2016, likely
sticking with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes. There are strong rumors that a
4-inch iPhone will make an appearance, but similar rumors have circulated ever
since Apple moved to a larger format with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Internals

Due to its slimmer profile, iPhone 7 is expected to integrate existing 3D Touch
technology that detects pressure input via capacitive sensors embedded in the
handset's backlight array. Apple will likely introduce a new system-on-chip
design in 2016 which, if current naming conventions hold, should be dubbed A10.
An M10 motion coprocessor is also likely to make an appearance, potentially
embedded into the A-series SoC as with 2015's M9 design.

Apple reportedly tapped Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company to handle all
A10 processor orders, a change from iPhone 6s which saw its A9 dual-sourced from
TSMC and Samsung. The iPhone 7 and/or the 7 Plus may potentially be equipped
with a dual-lens camera, using two 12-megapixel sensors -- the second supporting
a 2-3x telephoto lens. Supply issues could theoretically limit the dual-lens
feature to a special model of the Plus, although one case leak suggests that the
standard iPhone 7 might at least have a very different camera design.

No hard evidence exists regarding Apple's iPhone 7 launch plans, but the company
traditionally debuts its smartphone in early September with sales following one
week later. With iPhone 6s, however, preorders went live two weeks prior to
shipments.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Apple remains top brand of China Mobile subscribers, but iPhone 6s not so hot

BYLINE: Ma Si

LENGTH: 403  words


Apple Inc remains the most popular smartphone brand in China, despite its recent
poor performance in its second-largest market, a new report said.

An employee uses an Apple iPhone to demonstrate to reporters how to pay using
the Apple Pay service at an Apple store in Beijing, Feb 17, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

Apple Inc remains the most popular smartphone brand in China, despite its recent
poor performance in its second-largest market, a new report said.

The report, released by China Mobile Communications Corp, is based on the
analysis of the world's largest telecom operator's roughly 800 million
subscribers. This is the first time that China Mobile opened its big data report
to public.

In May, about 15 percent of China Mobile's subscribers are using iPhones, which
amounts to about 120 million users. Domestic brands Xiaomi Corp and Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd rank alongside Samsung Electronics Co as the second-most
popular brands, with each company accounting for 9 percent of subscribers.

When it comes to the fastest-growing handset makers, smaller local rival vivo
Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd prevailed thanks to its sprawling
offline-retail channels in small cities. About 14 percent of China Mobile
subscribers registered in the first five months of this year are using vivo's
handsets.

James Yan, research director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said
Apple's strong performance in this report is not a contradiction of its recent
declining smartphone sales in China.

Top smartphone brands among China Mobile users

"Compared with the iPhone 6 series, which was a record-breaking hit, the iPhone
6S was far less popular, so its sales as a whole declined," Yan said. "But
compared with some local players, the iPhone 6S still delivers a relatively good
performance."

According to Yan, the iPhone 6S had a strong start in the first several months
of this year, but the demand quickly died out once the replacement cycle was
finished, given that iPhone 6S only has incremental improvements to iPhone 6.

Still, Apple is the brand with the highest consumer loyalty in China. Forty-five
percent of Apple users choose to buy another iPhone when they replace their old
handsets, far higher than the average of 18 percent among other brands.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/146768054486.jpg

eca86bd9e2e018e534eb0c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/146768054729.jpg

eca86bd9e2e018e535470d.jpg

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       July 19, 2016 Tuesday 12:13 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2119 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 19, 2016 Tuesday 12:13 PM GMT

iPhone 7: UK release date, price, pictures and all the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2119 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Excitement for the next version of the iPhone 7 is increasing with each new
"leak" appearing on the internet.

The latest example is a video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that
matches up the new iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

iPhones the bright light in lacklustre retail sales;
Sales

BYLINE: Mark Mulligan

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 316 words


Apple's latest iPhone launch appears to have helped keep retail trade ticking
along in September, according to the latest data from the Australian Bureau of
Statistics, with a surge in electronic goods sales compensating for weakness in
other segments.

The ABS said on Wednesday that total retail turnover in the month grew at 0.4
per cent, seasonally adjusted, in line with forecasts and the same as in the
previous month.

Out of this, electrical and electronic goods sales rose 2.2 per cent, compared
with 0.8 per cent in August.

Capital Economics said the electronics spike was "perhaps related to the release
of the iPhone 6s towards the end of the month".

Apple sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices worldwide in
the first weekend of their launch, in the final days of September.

The company said then it was a record for first-weekend sales, up from the 10
million iPhones that flew off the shelves last year over the same period.

In contrast to the iPhone and other electronic devices, furniture, floor
coverings and houseware were either out of favour or heavily discounted in
September, with turnover down 0.8 per cent, seasonally adjusted.

"In seasonally adjusted terms, there were rises in household goods retailing,
cafes, restaurants and takeaway food services, food retailing, other retailing
and clothing, footwear and personal accessory retailing," the ABS said.

"Department stores fell 2 per cent," it said.

Spending in cafes, restaurants and on catering was up 0.9 per cent for the
month, as was turnover in takeaway food, the ABS said.

By state, turnover in the Northern Territory climbed by 1 per cent, whereas
Victoria and Tasmania were up 0.8 per cent, and Western Australia by 0.5 per
cent.

Turnover growth in New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland and the
Australian Capital Territory was below the national average, with the last two
recording a contraction.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone 6s had a record first weekend of sales.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

WATCH: User views IPhone6s photos and contacts without unlocking phone

LENGTH: 193  words


An Android user has unlocked a newly-discovered trick that enables an iPhone
user to access its photos and contacts list without a passcode or fingerprint.

In a YouTube channel, user Videosdebarraquito uploaded a video on April 4
featuring a step-by-step guide that grants an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus to view the
phone's contact list and photo albums even though the user has no passcode.

First, Siri should be activated, either by using the home button or saying Hello
Siri. Then, ask Siri to search Twitter and if Siri asks you what to search, say
@gmail.com or any username of a Gmail address. Once given a full list of tweets,
find a tweet with a full e-mail address in it and click it. Using the 3D touch
of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, firmly press on the e-mail address until a pop-up
window appears.

Lastly, click Add New Contact / Add to Existing Contact from here, you'll be
able to pick the photo box to view all the photos and contacts on the device.

This glitch is possible when using the 3D touch pop-up feature, thus it is
solely allowed on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. It is also noted that a number of
trials should be done to conveniently master the glitch.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 29, 2015 Tuesday 12:20 AM GMT

Apple's iPhone 6S breaks record as China boosts sales to 13m;
Latest iPhone outsold previous model by 3m to 4m units, analysts reportWeekend
release in China was not delayed by regulators as it was last year

BYLINE: Sam Thielman in New York

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 289 words


Related: iPhone 6S: bent, scratched, dropped and dunked in water - how durable
is it?

Enthusiasm in China drove sales of Apple's latest iPhone to a record 13m units
last weekend, topping last year's record of 10m, when the manufacturer's popular
phone was held up in China by regulators. Analysts put sales in China at between
3m and 4m units, leaving sales elsewhere essentially flat year-over-year.

The company allowed 16 days for its presale period (last year it gave itself 10)
and the phone officially went on sale 25 September. It will continue to roll out
around the world through October.

"Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," wrote Apple CEO Tim
Cook, in a press release.

The devices' success is a testament to the reliability of Apple's user base,
said Ramon Llamas, a mobile market analyst for International Data Corporation
(IDC).

"The fact that this is an S version and not a whole new body type version speaks
to how much clout Apple has with end-users out there," Llamas said. "People
usually wait for the new version, but there's a sizable number that says: 'No,
we'd rather have the incremental version and move forward.'"

The popularity of the devices is also likely to make for greater Apple Watch
adoption, Llamas said - or at least to remove a barrier to Apple Watch adoption,
since the watch only works with iOS devices.

The phone's major upgrades include what Apple is calling 3D touch, in which the
touchscreen responds not solely to touch but to pressure, as well, and the
standard camera megapixel and processor improvements. Llamas said he expects to
see the "home" button disappear before long.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      July 27, 2016 Wednesday 2:45 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, picture leaks and the latest news about
Apple's next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2368 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      July 27, 2016 Wednesday 2:45 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, picture leaks and the latest news about
Apple's next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2368 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday
                                 Mumbai Edition

PLAY Warhammer 40,000: Freeblade

BYLINE: Hitesh Raj Bhagat

SECTION: FEEL SMART

LENGTH: 199 words


Gaming on a touchscreen traditionally has limitations -you either use onscreen
buttons or swipes and gestures to control the action. But when you get a screen
that is capable of sensing varying levels of pressure (like the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus), it opens up some new avenues for developers. This is the first free game
that

takes advantage of 3D Touch on the new iPhone 6s/6s Plus to enable a new control
scheme. It was showcased during the iPhone 6s reveal and developers Pixel Toys
have employed the free-to-play model. Certain items and features within the game
will need to be purchased with real money at a later stage.This is not to say
that the game won't work on older iPhones -it does, but without the pressure
sensing control scheme.

In Freeblade, you take control of a mech -think of it like a heavily-weaponised
suit -to destroy everything in your path. You swipe across the screen to aim and
fire and with 3D Touch, you press harder to fire secondary weapons. At times, it
does seem like everything is on rails (you don't have control over movement
-just aiming and firing) and the camera forces you to look in certain directions
-but the sound effects and 3D rendering make up for this.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 11:27 AM GMT

iPhone 6S launch: Apple fans queue round the clock and round the building for
this year's must-have tech;
THE iPhone 6S is now available from stores with four colours to choose from, 3D
Touch and Live Photos.

BYLINE: By Tony McGuire

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 293 words


HAPPY iPhone launch day y'all.

Today is the day Apple fanatics in their thousands will pour into Apple Stores
and other selected retailers to pick up the latest generation of iPhone - the
6S.

On September 9, Apple announced their 2015 flagship handset will feature the new
3D Touch input and be available in the rose gold colour for the first time.

The much-anticipated 3D touch function measures how deep users press into the
screen, ascribing different functions to each, while live photos capture short
moments of video to make photos spring to life.

Store stock is usually low come launch day, as so many handsets have already
been snapped up by keen aficionados getting in their pre-orders from September
12.

Still, that's not stopped Apple aficionados swamping their favourite stores in
their droves, all hoping to pick up the latest and greatest mobile creation
courtesy of Tim Cook and Cupertino.

There's now a new 13MP iSight camera on the rear, a 5MP selfie cam on the front
and the screen now acts as a super-bright dual-tone flash so those gloomy club
selfies with total strangers will take on a whole new lease of life.

Last week, Apple updated its mobile operating system iOS to the ninth version
and it's available on everything from the latest iPhone 6S and iPad Mini 4 all
the way back to the iPhone 4S.

Will you be getting the iPhone 6S?

Apple WatchOS2 was also released after some nasty bugs were squashed.

In Glasgow, customers were queuing round the corner and round the clock to get
their hands on this year's handset - but will it be worth the wait?

To get in the mood for iPhone launch day, hype yourself up for picking yours up
later or just to laugh at people queuing like sheep in the rain.. check out the
gallery above.

Quick Quiz: News 24/09/15

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 10:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, leaked pictures and all the latest rumours
about Apple's next smartphone;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 10:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, leaked pictures and all the latest rumours
about Apple's next smartphone;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

iPhones the bright light in lacklustre retail sales;
Sales

BYLINE: Mark Mulligan

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 316 words


Apple's latest iPhone launch appears to have helped keep retail trade ticking
along in September, according to the latest data from the Australian Bureau of
Statistics, with a surge in electronic goods sales compensating for weakness in
other segments.

The ABS said on Wednesday that total retail turnover in the month grew at 0.4
per cent, seasonally adjusted, in line with forecasts and the same as in the
previous month.

Out of this, electrical and electronic goods sales rose 2.2 per cent, compared
with 0.8 per cent in August.

Capital Economics said the electronics spike was "perhaps related to the release
of the iPhone 6s towards the end of the month".

Apple sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices worldwide in
the first weekend of their launch, in the final days of September.

The company said then it was a record for first-weekend sales, up from the 10
million iPhones that flew off the shelves last year over the same period.

In contrast to the iPhone and other electronic devices, furniture, floor
coverings and houseware were either out of favour or heavily discounted in
September, with turnover down 0.8 per cent, seasonally adjusted.

"In seasonally adjusted terms, there were rises in household goods retailing,
cafes, restaurants and takeaway food services, food retailing, other retailing
and clothing, footwear and personal accessory retailing," the ABS said.

"Department stores fell 2 per cent," it said.

Spending in cafes, restaurants and on catering was up 0.9 per cent for the
month, as was turnover in takeaway food, the ABS said.

By state, turnover in the Northern Territory climbed by 1 per cent, whereas
Victoria and Tasmania were up 0.8 per cent, and Western Australia by 0.5 per
cent.

Turnover growth in New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland and the
Australian Capital Territory was below the national average, with the last two
recording a contraction.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: iPhone 6s had a record first weekend of sales.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2372 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of the ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early September so it
can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 8:39 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Apple launches smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneiOS 9.3: better sleep,
Health app and fingerprint-locking for NotesApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with
stylus and keyboard support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked images and all the latest rumours about
Apple's next smartphone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2374 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may has already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or September 12.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 10:43 PM GMT

Apple announces iPhone SE: a smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneiOS 9.3: better sleep,
Health app and fingerprint-locking for NotesApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with
stylus and keyboard support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 939 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:12 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 939 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 7:51 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:24 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:17 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 7:51 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:24 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures and key features of Apple's new iPhone;

Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 982 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

China's online chatter muted ahead of Apple iPhone 7 launch

LENGTH: 748  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Bengaluru, Sept. 7 -- Judging by the volume of online chatter, there's a lot
less buzz in China ahead of the launch of the new Apple Inc iPhone, and people
on the street say they're more likely to "wait and see" what the latest device
offers than rush out to buy.


 Posts on China's popular Sina Weibo microblogging site show the iPhone 6, which
took China by storm in 2014 with its new, larger screen, attracted around 15
times more comments in the month before launch than this year's model.
 Wait and see
 The muted online anticipation for the iPhone 7 underlines the challenge Apple
faces to revive growth in China, where an economic slowdown has slammed the
brakes on what was once touted as the firm's next big growth engine.
 Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more
than doubling a year earlier, and revenue was down by more than a quarter to
$8.8 billion - around a fifth of its total sales. Its 7.8 per cent market share
ranked fifth in China, trailing local vendors Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, OPPO
and Vivo, which together accounted for 47 per cent, according to IDC data.
 The California-based company's online stores for iBooks and movies was also
closed in China after Beijing imposed strict curbs in March on online
publishing, and Apple has been on the losing side of intellectual property
battles here.
 Beijing student Wang Yue, 23, said she was in no hurry to buy an iPhone 7. "I'm
looking forward to the launch, but I won't rush to buy anything," Wang, who uses
an iPhone 6S that was launched last year, told Reuters. "I want to know what new
functions it's got. My feeling is there are no real major changes from the 6S,
so I think I'll hold off for a while."
 Apple is set to unveil the new iPhone 7 at an event in San Francisco on
Wednesday. The company, which doesn't give a regional breakdown for its iPhone
sales, didn't respond to requests for comment.
 Among half a dozen consumers Reuters spoke to most said they would first check
out the new phone's functions or wait for the price to drop. Only one planned to
definitely buy any new model.
 "The word among consumers is the updates are not going to be revolutionary, but
smaller changes," said Ben Cavender, Shanghai-based director at China Market
Research Group, who described current consumer interest in China as "muted".
 iPhone fatigue
 More than anything else, the upcoming iPhone 7 may be a victim of the success
of the iPhone 6.
 China sales of the iPhone 6 soared in the first quarter of last year, helping
drive up Apple's China revenues by 71 per cent. A year later, weaker sales of
the 6S contributed to the company's first global decline in iPhone sales and
first revenue drop in 13 years - though globally the 6S was the top-selling
smartphone in April-June, according to Strategy Analytics.
 The research firm estimates iPhone shipments in China will decline 20 per cent
in the second half of this year to 21 million from a year ago.
 "Apple is struggling with consumer 'iPhone fatigue' in China, while competition
from Huawei, Oppo and others remains fierce," said Strategy Analytics analyst
Neil Mawston.
 Weibo chatter in the run-up to the iPhone 7 launch has, however, topped levels
seen ahead of last year's 6S launch.
 Wait for iPhone 8
 Some Chinese shoppers are even already eyeing a potential iPhone 8 model that
could be launched with more significant changes next year, the 10th anniversary
of the first iPhone.
 "Because it's just one year, lots of people are choosing to wait for the iPhone
8," said Wang Bo, a finance worker in his thirties at a securities firm in
Shanghai. "The changes with the 8 will be much bigger, which I think will be a
drag on sales of the new phone this year."
 Wang, who uses both an iPhone 6S and a Huawei P9, said he plans to buy this
year's new iPhone when it's released in China.
 But convincing other shoppers in China - and the United States - to replace
their smartphone is a tougher sell today than in 2014, when many Chinese were
buying an iPhone for the first time.
 Concerns that Apple has hit "peak iPhone" have buffeted the firm's shares this
year, with the stock price up just 2.35 per cent, lagging the benchmark S&P 500
Index.
 "The biggest thing that's changed since 2014 is that the iPhone is widely
available," said Ben Thompson, who analyses the technology sector at
Stratechery. "There's a lot more growth potential when people have their first
chance to buy an iPhone, but that potential has now been realised."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

New iPhone 6S impresses buyers but not Wall Street

BYLINE: By Pete Carey pcarey@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 483 words


CUPERTINO -- The iPhone's ability to draw crowds of eager buyers is
undiminished, as sales of two new versions illustrated their first three days on
the market, but the Cupertino smartphone giant is less able to impress
investors.

A record 13 million of the new phones were sold over the weekend, Apple
reported, a 30 percent increase over last year's debut of the iPhone 6. Yet
skeptics prevailed on Wall Street, sending Apple's shares down nearly 2 percent
to $112.44 at the end of trading Monday, a day the market tumbled.

CEO Tim Cook said sales of the new smartphones "have been phenomenal" and are
"blowing past any previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history."

"The problem is the stock is not reflecting that at all," said analyst Trip
Chowdhry of Global Equities Research. "Investors have zero confidence in Apple's
management" due to issues unrelated to the popular smartphone, such as stock
buybacks, debt and tax issues, he said.

First weekend iPhone sales are viewed as a barometer of how Apple will do in the
next quarter. If the weekend rush is a guide, it should do well, with strong
holiday season sales. Even with a new Apple watch, iPad and Apple TV, the iPhone
is Apple's biggest source of its revenue.

The iPhone 6 was not sold on the first weekend in China, while the just released
6S and 6S Plus were, but even without China sales, the new phones beat out last
year's first weekend sales by 5 to 10 percent, according to Daniel Ives, a
technology analyst with FBR Capital Markets.

"The company continues to defy skeptics as they deliver a home run," Ives said.
"It's a high-wire act and they have almost become a victim of their own success
in terms of street expectations, but we view this launch as a major step in the
right direction for Apple's growth trajectory."

JMP Securities is predicting that Apple could reach sales of 80 million iPhones
in the next quarter ending in December, besting its record 74.5 million in the
same quarter of 2014.

Apple "has put to bed the notion you need a cheap phone in order to grow," said
Alex Guana of JMP. "They're proving that the smartphone is part of modern life,
and you don't compromise on that experience unless you have to."

The new phones have improved on the 6 with 3D Touch, which senses pressure
variations on the display; a 12-megapixel camera that takes "live" photos that
include a few extra video-like frames for each shot; greater battery life; and a
"rose gold" case.

Apple has a new installment plan that allows customers to pay a monthly fee for
the phone over two years, with an option to upgrade by renewing the contract for
two more years. The phone is unlocked, so customers can pick their own carrier.

The phone rolls out in 40 more countries Oct. 9 and will be available in more
than 130 countries by the end of the year, Apple said.

Contact Pete Carey at 408-920-5419. Follow him at Twitter.com/petecarey .

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California on September 9, 2015.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               February 25, 2016

Xiaomi launches Mi 5 in Beijing, Barcelona with an eye on Apple

BYLINE: Song Jingli in Beijing and Liu Zheng in Barcelona, Spain

LENGTH: 599  words


Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Xiaomi bites Apple by launching Mi 5 smartphones in Beijing and Barcelona

BYLINE: Song Jingli in Beijing and Liu Zheng in Barcelona, Spain

LENGTH: 599  words


Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Xiaomi launches Mi 5 in Beijing, Barcelona with an eye on Apple

BYLINE: Song Jingli in Beijing and Liu Zheng in Barcelona, Spain

LENGTH: 622  words


Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Agencies]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/13/145652900967.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41839fe4426.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/145652901086.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41839fe822e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

AT&T's 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature launched on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 239  words


In a Thursday announcement bigwig US wireless carrier AT&T said that it is
launching its 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature on select handsets, beginning October 8.

The AT&T announcement about the availability of the 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature on
select devices comes close on the heels of the waiver which the carrier has been
granted by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regarding teletypewriter
functionality.

According to the announcement made by AT&T, the handsets on which the carrier's
'Wi-Fi Calling' feature is initially available are Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone
6S models. To avail the benefit of the 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6S users should be on a postpaid rate plan set up with HD Voice support;
and, obviously, on a Wi-Fi connection.

The 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature essentially enables customers to make and receive
phone calls over the data connection - instead of the cellular connection - when
they are on a wireless network and the 'Wi-Fi Calling' option is enabled.

With AT&T having launched the 'Wi-Fi Calling' feature on iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S,
customers using the feature will not have to pay any additional charges for
calls placed via Wi-Fi to or from the US, Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands.
Those calls will also not be counted against the calling minutes allotted to the
customers. However, for calls placed to international locations, customers will
have to pay the standard international fees.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

iPhone 6S, Apple TV, iPad Pro: a calendar for Apple's upcoming releases

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 579 words


New operating systems, enhanced iPhones, the first iPad Pro and a completely
updated Apple TV: Apple's fall calendar is fully loaded.

September 16: launch of iOS 9 and WatchOS 2.0

Apple will simultaneously update its mobile and watch operating systems, iOS
(for iPhones, iPads and iPods) and WatchOS (watches) respectively. The new iOS
is more proactive, doing things such as suggesting the opening of an app
according to habits, reminding you of an upcoming meeting depending on traffic
patterns or simply playing music as soon as your headphones are plugged in.
News, a new current events app, will also make its first appearance, beginning
in the US, UK and Australia. On the iPad, you can now view two apps side by side
for the first time. And finally, a special functioning mode will give you the
option to use the phone in a way that will increase battery life by up to three
hours.
 Compatible with all devices dating back to the iPhone 4S, iPad 2 and
fifth-generation iPod touch, iOS 9 will be available as a free download.

On the same day, a significant update for the Apple Watch will also come out,
which will allow you to download native apps, meaning you don't need an iPhone
in proximity to use them, lower the brightness of the screen when the watch is
charging and even respond orally to emails.

September 25: launch of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus
 Introduced during Apple's September 9 keynote conference, this latest
generation of iPhones stands apart thanks to the inclusion of the latest
processor chip (A9); the integration of Apple's 3D Touch technology, which
associates different finger pressure with control of different functions; as
well as an improvement to the camera, now 12MP in the rear and 5MP in the front
and capable of filming in 4K.
 Both new phones will be available for purchase on September 25, but pre-orders
will begin on September 12. On a two-year contract, the iPhone 6S will start at
$199 for the 16GB model, and move up to $299 for 64GB and $399 for 128GB. The
iPhone 6S Plus 16GB model will start at $299, and cost $399 for 64GB and $499
for 128GB.

September 30: launch of Mac OS X El Capitan
 The latest operating system for Mac will be called El Capitan, named after a
rock formation in Yosemite National Park. There won't be any spectacular
upgrades to the system besides the fact that you can now easily operate two
program windows at the same time and that you can now see real-time information
in the search bar (weather, traffic, sports scores, etc.).
 Mac OS X El Capitan will be released as a free download. Its launch should also
precede the announcement of a new line of computers.

End of October: launch of the new Apple TV
 The new Apple TV unit boasts two major changes: a new remote control that
includes a touch screen and can be voice-operated thanks to Siri, and access to
the App Store that now gives your television access to numerous games and apps.
 The 32GB version will cost $149 while the 64GB version will come in at $199.

November: launch of the iPad Pro
 Apple's greatest new release this fall will undoubtedly be the first iPad Pro,
which sets itself apart from the rest thanks to a 12.9inch display and the
possibility of using it with an optional magnetically-connected keyboard or a
stylus called the Apple Pencil, which has sensors in its tip to help mimic the
effect of using a real pencil on paper.
 Pricing for the iPad Pro will range from $799 to $1,079 depending on its level
of storage and 4G connectivity.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Apple denies price hikes in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Apple Sunday denied a recent report that prices of iPhones in India
have been raised by 29%, as retail prices that it offers have remain unchanged.

The Cupertino-based smartphone maker's retail prices for the 16 GB variants of
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6, as per its website, are at still at Rs 62,000 and Rs
52,000, respectively.

However, prices on ecommerce sites and retail stores keep fluctuating as
consumers are offered discounts to keep sales going in an intensely competitive
smartphone market.

Since Apple does not control the final prices offered to customers at online or
offline retail stores, the same iPhone model is available for different prices
at multiple outlets.

In case of iPhones, the sales channels have reduced the discounts which has lead
to prices of the models to firm up, said two retailers. But they added that
Apple on its own has not communicated any increase in prices.

A recent news report pegged the iPhone 6 16GB version at Rs 40,000 and that of
iPhone 6s at Rs 48,000, presently, compared to their month-old prices of Rs
31,000 and Rs 40,500, respectively. The report suggests the iPhone 6 to have the
steepest price rise of 29%

The iPhone 5s, the most popular of the iPhones in India, is now priced at Rs
22,000 against Rs 18,000 about a month ago, the report said, attributing the
surprise price hike to the muted consumer response to the iPhone SE. The Apple's
new model was launched in India earlier this month for Rs 39,000 for 16 GB,
while it's 64 GB variant was priced at Rs 49,000.

Apple however maintained that it has not altered retail prices in India.

In order to drive sales, Apple has introduced EMI schemes for consumers
purchasing the iPhone SE. It has also targeted the enterprise user with lease
plans beginning from Rs 999 a month for iPhone SE, going upwards for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6s.

Online retailers are selling the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s at around Rs
42,000, Rs 49,000 and Rs 21,000 marks, respectively, indicating even more the
fluctuating nature of the prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               February 25, 2016

Xiaomi launches Mi 5 in Beijing, Barcelona with an eye on Apple

BYLINE: Song Jingli in Beijing and Liu Zheng in Barcelona, Spain

LENGTH: 693  words


Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Congress ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Congress on Feb 24,
2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/40/145639007015.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b3eb53.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/43/145639007155.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838af9f30.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/51/145639007318.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b0fa3e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/59/145639007478.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838907d09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/85/145639007610.jpg

eca86bd9ddb418388f3a07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/14/145639007762.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891e20b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/90/145639007910.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891270a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Xiaomi bites Apple by launching Mi 5 smartphones in Beijing and Barcelona

BYLINE: Song Jingli in Beijing and Liu Zheng in Barcelona, Spain

LENGTH: 695  words


Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", China's top smartphone maker
Xiaomi has rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

Not satisfied with only being "China's Apple", the country's top smartphone
maker XiaomiCorphas rolled out its long-anticipated Mi 5 smartphones, comparable
to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, on Wednesday in Beijing and Barcelona, Spain.

Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi launches the Mi 5 in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016. [Photo
provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

The Mi 5, being ultra-fast and ultra-thin, outperforms Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in several categories, said Lei Jun, founder of Xiaomi, while
revealing the details in a more than one-and-a-half hours launch event in
Beijing.

Lei Jun,founder of Xiaomi, compares two photos taken during nighttime with an
iPhone 6s plus and a Mi 5 at the launch event in Beijing on Feb 24, 2016.
[Photo/Xiaomi.cn]

The more elegant outlook with a front fingerprint sensor, the better
photographing capability at night and better optical anti-vibration performance,
more NFC payment-related functions are among the features, according to Lei.

Hugo Barra, vice -president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile
World Conference ongoing in Barcelona, Spain. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Right after the Beijing event, Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also
launched the Mi 5at the Mobile World Conference in Barcelona.

He said the Mi 5 is coming soon but did not reveal the exact date and the exact
prices for the European market.

Hugo Barra, vice-president of Xiaomi, also launched the Mi 5 at the Mobile World
Conference ongoing in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Speaking of the technology breakthroughs that Barra described as "black magic"
at the event, Hadlee Simons, a South African tech reporter from local news
portal africa.com, said, "The smartphone market is very competitive, vendors
such as LG and Samsung have all brought eye-catching functions in their new
phones that debuted at this year's MWC, and Mi 5 is definitely on that level."

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Conference on Feb
24, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to Simons, battery life and price are the top two important concerns
for African buyers due to frequent power blackouts and price-sensitiveness in
the local market.

"People were worried that Xiaomi will push up the prices after the launch of its
smartphone product line, but with the Mi 5, the company has still presented an
answer with a competitive price," said Simons. He uses a Mi 4 that he purchased
back in Africa, and is looking forward to seeing Xiaomi's move on the virtual
reality sector.

Visitors experience the Mi 5 smartphones at the Mobile World Conference on Feb
24, 2016 in Barcelona, Spain.[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At the end of last year, Xiaomi partnered with MIA Group (Mobile in Africa), the
local iPhone distributor, to sell its products to South African consumers. The
MIA Group handles local sales, marketing, and support for Xiaomi.

More than 100 reporters, mostly from India, China and European countries
participated in the media preview.

Xiaomi sold 64.9 million smartphones in China last year, taking a market share
of 15 percent, defending its crown as the No 1 seller at its home market,
according to data from research firm International Data Corp.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/145637700198.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b3eb53.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/145637700250.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838af9f30.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/145637700303.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838b0fa3e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/145637700375.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41838907d09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/145637700420.jpg

eca86bd9ddb418388f3a07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/14/145637700469.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891e20b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/90/145637700520.jpg

eca86bd9ddb4183891270a.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:53 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Apple launches smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneApple iPhone SE launch: key
points at a glanceApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with stylus and keyboard
support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:40 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Apple launches smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneApple iPhone SE launch: key
points at a glanceApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with stylus and keyboard
support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 6:13 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Apple launches smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneApple iPhone SE launch: key
points at a glance

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Apple denies price hikes in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 345 words


NEW DELHI: Apple on Sunday denied a recent report that prices of iPhones in
India have been raised by 29%, as retail prices that it offers have remain
unchanged.

The Cupertino-based smartphone maker's retail prices for the 16 GB variants of
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6, as per its website, are at still at Rs 62,000 and Rs
52,000, respectively.

However, prices on ecommerce sites and retail stores keep fluctuating as
consumers are offered discounts to keep sales going in an intensely competitive
smartphone market.

Since Apple does not control the final prices offered to customers at online or
offline retail stores, the same iPhone model is available for different prices
at multiple outlets.

In case of iPhones, the sales channels have reduced the discounts which has lead
to prices of the models to firm up, said two retailers. But they added that
Apple on its own has not communicated any increase in prices.

A recent news report pegged the iPhone 6 16GB version at Rs 40,000 and that of
iPhone 6s at Rs 48,000, presently, compared to their month-old prices of Rs
31,000 and Rs 40,500, respectively. The report suggests the iPhone 6 to have the
steepest price rise of 29%

The iPhone 5s, the most popular of the iPhones in India, is now priced at Rs
22,000 against Rs 18,000 about a month ago, the report said, attributing the
surprise price hike to the muted consumer response to the iPhone SE. The Apple's
new model was launched in India earlier this month for Rs 39,000 for 16 GB,
while it's 64 GB variant was priced at Rs 49,000.

Apple however maintained that it has not altered retail prices in India.

In order to drive sales, Apple has introduced EMI schemes for consumers
purchasing the iPhone SE. It has also targeted the enterprise user with lease
plans beginning from Rs 999 a month for iPhone SE, going upwards for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6s.

Online retailers are selling the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s at around Rs
42,000, Rs 49,000 and Rs 21,000 marks, respectively, indicating even more the
fluctuating nature of the prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 6:43 PM GMT

Apple launches smaller, cheaper smartphone called iPhone SE;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneApple iPhone SE launch: key
points at a glanceApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with stylus and keyboard
support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it, the iPhone SE. Our most powerful "

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C that do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130 with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March with pre-orders starting 24 March
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage, $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage in the US.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 22, 2015 Tuesday 04:00 PM EST

FreedomPop kisses up to iPhone 6S users

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 193  words


Click for image

FreedomPop on Tuesday announced its plan to lure iPhone 6S (and iPhone 6) users
with a free wireless service just for them.

Jumping at the opportunity to attract customers whose networks don't come tied
to specific carrier networks, FreedomPop is offering iPhone customers free
service of 500 MBs of data, 500 texts and 200 voice minutes per month. What's
more, customers will get an additional 5GBs of data on activation and free
international calling to over 62 countries. FreedomPop says this plan is heavier
on data than past offerings.

MORE: 11 reasons you should upgrade to iPhone 6S

For iPhone users who will blow through that deal, FreedomPop will offer an
iPhone plan with unlimited talk and text, plus 1GB of data for $19 per month,
with the first month free.

FreedomPop also will begin selling financed iPhone 6S devices in October.

The LA-based service provider, which has pulled in about $60M in funding and has
based its service on Sprint's underlying network, is also expanding beyond the
United States with free service into the United Kingdom. The service provider
plans to stretch into seven other countries over the next 12 months.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Record sales after new phone launch

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi, Press Association Technology Correspondent

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 194 words


APPLE sold more than  13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones in the
first three days of sale.

The figure is a record for Apple, having sold  10 million of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus when it went on sale last year.

The new 6s model has a better camera, faster processor, and a pressure-
sensitive screen for the first time.

Apple's chief executive, Tim Cook, said: "Sales have been phenomenal, blowing
past any previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history.

"Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos.
We can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in more
countries."

Following the launch of the iPhone 6 last year  - Apple went on to sell more
than 70 million units in three months - and post the largest ever quarterly
profit by a public company in history of £11.8 billion.

Despite suggestions that demand could drop given the modest upgrades to  the
device, the addition of China as a launch day country for the first time is
likely to have boosted demand once again.

Apple confirmed the new iPhones will also launch in 40 more countries on October
9, and reach 130 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                         May 4, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 7: Here is what you can expect from most awaited smartphone of 2015

BYLINE: Dainik Bhaskar News Network

LENGTH: 272  words


While India is still fanatical about Iphone 6 and 6 Plus, technology giant Apple
has already started working on the next version of this much-hyped smartphone.
The upcoming device is expected to be the most powerful device the company has
ever produced.

And, as anticipated, rumor streets have started flooding with its leaked
specifications and features. As per website Know Your Mobile, iPhone 6C and 7
will be launched this year. And, after a short while, another website claimed
that iPhone 6S will be released in 2015. Sadly, Apple has not issued any
official statement on its forthcoming devices.

Online reports also claim that the new devices will possess bigger and better
displays. Well, fingers crossed.

Curved display

iPhone 7 might come up with a curved display. Tech critics have said that the
phone is likely to get a flexible display.

Similar design

Apple is playing safe with the design of its iPhone range. But, taking it a step
further, iPhone 6S and 7 are rumored to get Aluminum Premium design.

Sapphire glass display

Reports claim that Apple can install iPhone 6S and 7 with 5.5inch display that
will exhibit a QHD resolution of 2,000 pixel.

Camera

Expectations are sky high from the camera of Apple's next iPhone. It is likely
that the upcoming device will feature a 13 or 16 megapixel camera with sensor.
If rumors are to be believed, the company can come up with a dual lens camera
with an ability to provide DSLR like quality.

Processor and RAM

The new iPhone is expected to be loaded with an A8X processor. Interestingly, an
A8X processor is faster than a 1.5GHz processor. iPhone 6S and & 7 can also
contain 2GB of RAM.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      June 22, 2016 Wednesday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1665 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 22, 2016 Wednesday 11:42 AM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1665 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post  , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based  Commercial Times  , Apple is working
on a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple engineers might oppose government's pressure to crack the iPhone and may
quit: Report

BYLINE: John DiPietro

LENGTH: 723  words


The issue between the Federal Government and technology major Apple to create
software to unlock the iPhone 5c of San Bernardino shooter Syed Rizwan Farook
has not come to an end. In fact, The New York Times has unveiled that Apple
engineers would prefer to quit rather than cracking Apple's iPhone for security
agencies.

The US government has requested Apple to develop a 'GovtOS' to unlock Farook's
iPhone, but Apple has refused to do so. Former Apple engineering manager
Jean-Louis Gassee said that Apple has an independent culture and a rebellious
one. The company would not come under government pressure and will fight for
rights of users.

If the government aims to force the company to get something out of Apple
engineers, they would not mind quitting, added Gassee.

Window Snyder, former senior product manager for Apple's security and privacy
division, affirmed, "If someone attempts to force them to work on something
that's outside their personal values, they can expect to find a position that's
a better fit somewhere else".

Another important point is that the development teams are isolated from one
another. It is only when a product launch approaches and the different sections
come together to ensure everything is perfect in that product.

As per New York Times report, currently there is no team, which is needed to
develop the software. In that situation, any collaboration would be a difficult
knowing the working culture at Apple. It has to be seen what Apple will do to
stand by with its decision.

May be, it will pay daily penalties. Apple is one of the biggest companies in
the world and what happens in the legal suit has to be seen. Apple is fighting a
court order received by the Federal Bureau of Investigation requiring the
company to develop new software to disable passcode protection and allow access
to the phone of Farook. Justice department said that it will respond to Apple
complaint in the court.

A report published in the Mashable News said, "That will likely be the headline
following the March 21 product event at its headquarters in Cupertino,
California. The widely anticipated 4-inch iPhone (possibly called the iPhone SE,
though iPhone 6C and iPhone 5SE are in contention) will probably not move the
bar on innovation. Instead, it will ensure that the company ably fills the
"small and affordable" smartphone check box."

If you're wondering who wants a 4-inch iPhone when there are some excellent
(albeit larger) choices like the 6S and 6S Plus, just look around at all those
still clutching an iPhone 5, 5s or 5C. You may even spot a few iPhone 4 and 4S
owners, too. They've been itching to upgrade but have little interest in a phone
that might feel too large for their hands or pockets.

"In just a few short days, Apple is going to take the wraps off of its first
brand new iPhone of the year. It won't be the iPhone 7. In fact, it won't be all
that "brand new" either. Instead, the iPhone SE is expected to essentially be an
iPhone 6 with a 4-inch screen wrapped in a housing that looks similar to the
iPhone 5," according to a news report published by BGR News.

We don't yet know how big Apple's new iPhones will be or if the displays will be
the same size and resolution as the current models, but we do know that the new
phones are going to be thinner than the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. Way back even
before the iPhone 6s was unveiled, the world's most accurate Apple insider had
some details to share about the iPhone 7.

In a report published by the HoustonChronicle, "Apple employees are discussing
what they will do if ordered to help law enforcement authorities. Some say they
may balk at the work, while others may even quit their high-paying jobs rather
than undermine the security of the software they have created, according to more
than a half-dozen current and former Apple employees."

"Such conscription is fundamentally offensive to Apple's core principles and
would pose a severe threat to the autonomy of Apple and its engineers," Apple's
lawyers wrote in the company's final brief to the U.S. District Court for the
Central District of California.

"It's an independent culture and a rebellious one," said Jean-Louis Gassee, a
venture capitalist who was once an engineering manager at Apple. "If the
government tries to compel testimony or action from these engineers, good luck
with that."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Warwick Daily News (Queensland)

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

There's a lot to love

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WDN


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

There's a lot to love

BYLINE:  Mark Furler

SECTION: Pg. 37

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

There's a lot to love

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

There's a lot to love

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

There's a lot to love

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Sunshine Coast Daily (Queensland)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

There's a lot to love

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 608  words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s raises the Apple experience yet again


LOOKING at it from the outside, it appears not a lot has changed with the new
iPhone 6s.

But appearances can be deceptive.

The addition of 3D touch, a much better camera with 4k video capability, and a
faster engine means the Apple experience has risen another notch.

3D Touch, using Apple's clever taptic engine, offers a new way to interact with
your phone.

Press icons on your screen harder and you are given quick options, whether it be
directions home from your map, sending your location or searching for things
nearby.

Do the same within your email app and you can have a peak at what's inside an
email without having to open it.

Hard click on your calendar and you can quickly add an event or be reminded of
what's coming up in the next couple of days.

Do the same with your camera icon and you can quickly take a selfie, record a
video, a slo-mo or just take a normal photo.

The benefit of Peek and Pop, as Apple calls it, is that you can quickly delve
into things without losing your place. It's something that will appeal to those
who get lost in the maze of apps.

A better camera and 4k video

One of the coolest new features of the iPhone 6s is 4k video capability - about
four times the resolution you would see on your average HD TV screen.

We shot some video on the beach and then played it back on a new 27-inch iMac.
The results were pretty amazing - a "take you there'' video experience. You
literally could see through the water as it washed over the rock.

Even on the iPhone itself you can notice the difference - particularly as you
are now able to pinch and zoom on your video on the phone itself to reveal the
high level of detail.

The 4k video supports video stabilisation, continuous autofocus, face detection,
and the ability to take an 8MP still while recording.

The slo-mo feature now allows 1080p at 120fps or 720p at 240fps.

The time-lapse video mode offers new video stabilisation - something which will
appeal to those whose hands are not so steady.

The large iPhone 6 Plus offers optical image stabilisation which uses both
hardware and software to capture beautiful low-light photos and videos.

The newest version of iMovie allows you to edit 4k video and share it on YouTube
at 4k resolution. The app is super easy to use and offers a great variety of
templates - including cool movie trailer formats for punchy family productions.

Apple says the 6s is powerful enough to edit two streams of 4k video to create
effects like picture-in-picture and split screen - a challenge for many home
computers.

The new 12 megapixel iSight camera promises less noise and truer colours while
the five megapixel Facetime HD camera offers a much better flash for selfies.

The iSight camera has a new signal processor and advanced pixel technology.

The camera works better in low light while in bright light it uses "multi-band
noise reduction'' to de-noise smooth areas while preserving textures and edges.

On the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, you can take amazing panoramas, up to 63
megapixels in size. They look stunning on the big screen iMac.

One of the coolest features is Live Photos which captures the moments just
before and after a photo is taken.

You can catch your child making silly faces just before the family photo or the
sound of the waves breaking on the beach as the tide comes in.

Powering the iPhone 6s is the third generation A9 chip with 64-bit architecture
which Apple says improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% compared to the
previous generation.

The graphics performance is said to be up 90%, something which should appeal to
gamers.

Overall, there's a lot to love about the new iPhone, especially if you're an
Apple devotee.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCN


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 11:47 PM GMT

Apple announces iPhone SE: a smaller, cheaper smartphone;
Revamped iPhone 5S brings company's smallest phone up to par with 2015's iPhone
6S, while catering for those who want a smaller phoneKey points of Apple's
iPhone SE launch at a glanceiOS 9.3: better sleep, Health app and
fingerprint-locking for NotesApple unveils smaller iPad Pro with stylus and
keyboard support

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 578 words


Apple has bucked the bigger-is-better phone trend and released a revamped
version of its 4in iPhone 5S, the new iPhone SE.

It will be the smallest smartphone in Apple's current lineup and the first
smartphone to be released with a screen smaller than 4.7in since the iPhone 6
was released in September 2014.

Greg Joswiak, VP of product marketing for Apple, said: "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4in phone is often their first iPhone. Some people asked
and pleaded with us. So we're calling it the iPhone SE. Our most powerful 4in
phone ever."

The iPhone SE - possibly harking back in name to the Macintosh SE computer,
which was released in 1987 - has a similar form-factor to 2013's iPhone 5S. It
has a metal body, 4in screen, Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a flush camera
lens, unlike Apple's most recent iPhones. The phone will be available in black,
white, gold and rose gold.

The outside of the device resembles an iPhone 5S but the inside will be similar
to the iPhone 6S, using Apple's A9 processor, an NFC chip with support for Apple
Pay and a better 12-megapixel camera, in line with Apple's 2015 iPhones.

The iPhone SE has double the processing power and four times the graphics
performance of the iPhone 5S, as well as longer battery life.

Apple hopes that the smaller smartphone will convince those still using an
iPhone 5, 5S or 5C, but who do not want a larger phone of the size of the 4.7in
iPhone 6S or 5.5in 6S Plus, to upgrade. Cook estimates that 60% of those using
Apple's smaller iPhones have not yet upgraded to an iPhone 6 or newer, meaning
there is a large potential market waiting to be tapped.

Larger smartphone screens have proved popular and have allowed manufacturers to
add more features supported by larger batteries, Apple's iPhone with its 4.7in
screen is remained one of the smallest.

As a smaller, premium smartphone, the new iPhone SE has little in the way of
competition. Only Sony produces a widely available flagship smartphone with a
smaller screen, with the 4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact. Other smaller phones made by
Motorola, HTC and Samsung are cut-down, cheaper versions with poorer components
that target a more budget-conscious section of the market.

Whether there is still demand for a smaller premium-priced smartphone remains to
be seen. The downward pressure on price has meant decent smartphones now cost as
little as £130, with features similar to top-end models costing four times their
price.

For Apple, the iPhone SE represents a way to target a more cost-sensitive market
without stooping to budget levels. In the past the company has used older models
of the iPhone, maintaining the 2012 iPhone 4S for sale until the release of the
iPhone 6 in 2014, and previous models before that. But selling older smartphones
concurrently with new models has added to the company's burden to maintain
smartphone updates for longer, which it typically does for at least three years
after release.

The iPhone SE, with internals similar to an iPhone 6S but at a lower price, is
easier to cater for with software updates because it reduces the number of
hardware variants Apple has to support.

The iPhone SE will be released on 31 March, with pre-orders starting 24 March,
costing from $399 in the US, or £359 in the UK, for 16GB of storage; $499 in the
US, or £439 in the UK, with 64GB of storage.


     ·    Apple accused of trying to make iPhones 'warrant-proof' in FBI case
     ·    No, quitting iPhone apps doesn't help save battery, says Apple


LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:24 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1676 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        June 27, 2016 Monday 5:24 PM GMT

iPhone 7 release date, price, features and specs - the latest rumours about
Apple's smartphone for 2016;
The Apple iPhone 7 could be the biggest handset of the year with some dramatic
changes from the last generation

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1676 words


The next version of the iPhone is almost certainly in the pipeline.

And after last year's iPhone 6s upgrade, it's likely the technology giant will
reveal a brand new design for this year's iPhone 7.

Even though the hot new gadget is unlikely to be announced before the autumn,
plenty of rumours are already circulating online.

These include predictions and comments from analysts and even several leaked
pictures that allegedly show early prototypes of the phone itself.

But whatever Apple is building will have to work hard to keep pace with brand
new phones from the likes of Samsung and LG .

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Follow our live coverage of WWDC 2016 here

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6s - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

Apple's iPhone 6s has been a big hit for the technology giant - but it didn't
alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as rumours suggest next year's model may drop the
iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

Designers around the world are speculating on what Apple has planned and one
artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Size matters as Apple launches new phone

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 521  words


DEVICES: The hype around Apple unveiling a smaller iPhone this month is as much
about why it's choosing to do this, as what the phone will be like.

On March 21, Apple is tipped to announce an iPhone with the same 4-inch display
size as the iPhone 5 range. Predictions of a name include iPhone SE (for special
edition), iPhone 5SE or iPhone 6c.

At the same event, Apple might refresh iPad Air 2, taking in some features of
iPad Pro. It may have the Pro's more powerful A9X processor, and a smart
connector that powers a keyboard.

The leaking of covers made ahead of the launch for Air 2 suggests the smart
connector and possible branding of the tablet as a smaller iPad Pro.

A set of Apple Watch straps and a refreshed MacBook range with possibly a larger
15-inch MacBook Air would round out a low-key launch. Of course, rumours are
just that.

Apple is a creature of habit when it comes to launch dates and in my memory they
don't usually occur on Mondays. But the following day Apple and the FBI do
battle in the US Federal Court and senior Apple staff at the launch may have to
be present there, too.

Internally, the new phone is expected to have iPhone 6s features such as a fast
A9 processor, a 12-megapixel rear camera instead of 8mp, as with iPhone 5s,
touch ID, and the live photos feature introduced with iPhone 6s. Near-field
communication (NFC) is a no-brainer as Apple will want to promote Apple Pay with
consumers. It needs NFC.

3D-touch, where you exert different levels of pressure on the display to access
different functions, is not tipped among likely features.

As a result, Apple's smartphone range will be three sizes: a 4-inch iPhone SE, a
4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 6s, and a larger 5.5-inch iPhone 6 plus and 6s plus. Views
are split on whether Apple will retain iPhone 5s as a cheap entry-level handset.

As for iPhone 7 - another leaked case is firming rumours that when it is
released later this year, it won't have an audio jack, leaving the lightning
port and Bluetooth devices such as wireless earpods as the way to connect to
music.

Kantar Worldpanel ComTech analyst Carolina Milanesi said there were users who
preferred a smaller 4-inch phone size and Apple wanted to keep them aboard. The
other factor was cost. "It's about getting a price point that allows them to
appeal to that part of that market," she said. "The larger form factors are very
popular in China but in other parts, small still works. It's an opportunity for
them to go out with a more aggressively priced device that has capabilities
around Apple Pay and allows consumers not to be behind from a software
perspective." She said Apple would be partly motivated by a change in US
carriers away from offering subsidised phones with small price points. While the
high-end market was still growing "the mid range is the one that obviously has
been growing the most so there is an opportunity there".Figures last week by
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech show iPhone 6s ahead in global smartphone sales over
the last three months of 2015 with a 16.5 per cent share. Next were iPhone 6
(7.1%), Samsung Galaxy S6 (5.7%), iPhone 5s (4.3%) and Galaxy S5 (3.9%).

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 9:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 9:50 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:19 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:36 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 1:36 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 10:47 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images, specs and key features of Apple's new
iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:23 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 8:23 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 996 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

All of the UK mobile operators will of course be offering contract deals, so
we'll update this article once we know more.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

China's online chatter muted ahead of Apple iPhone 7 launch

LENGTH: 750  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 7 -- Shanghai/Beijing: Judging by the volume of online chatter,
there's a lot less buzz in China ahead of this week's expected launch of the new
Apple Inc iPhone, and people on the street say they're more likely to "wait and
see" what the latest device offers than rush out to buy.


 Posts on China's popular Sina Weibo microblogging site show the iPhone 6, which
took China by storm in 2014 with its new, larger screen, attracted around 15
times more comments in the month before launch than this year's model.
 The muted online anticipation for the iPhone 7 underlines the challenge Apple
faces to revive growth in China, where an economic slowdown has slammed the
brakes on what was once touted as the firm's next big growth engine.
 Apple's Greater China sales dropped by a third in April-June, albeit after more
than doubling a year earlier, and revenue was down by more than a quarter to
$8.8 billion - around a fifth of its total sales. Its 7.8 percent market share
ranked fifth in China, trailing local vendors Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, OPPO
and Vivo, which together accounted for 47 percent, according to IDC data.
 The California-based company's online stores for iBooks and movies was also
closed in China after Beijing imposed strict curbs in March on online
publishing, and Apple has been on the losing side of intellectual property
battles here.
 Beijing student Wang Yue, 23, said she was in no hurry to buy an iPhone 7. "I'm
looking forward to the launch, but I won't rush to buy anything," Wang, who uses
an iPhone 6S that was launched last year, told Reuters. "I want to know what new
functions it's got. My feeling is there are no real major changes from the 6S,
so I think I'll hold off for a while."
 Apple is widely anticipated to unveil the new iPhone 7 at an event in San
Francisco on Wednesday. The company, which doesn't give a regional breakdown for
its iPhone sales, didn't respond to requests for comment.
 Among half a dozen consumers Reuters spoke to most said they would first check
out the new phone's functions or wait for the price to drop. Only one planned to
definitely buy any new model.
 "The word among consumers is the updates are not going to be revolutionary, but
smaller changes," said Ben Cavender, Shanghai-based director at China Market
Research Group, who described current consumer interest in China as "muted".
 WAIT FOR EIGHT
 More than anything else, the upcoming iPhone 7 may be a victim of the success
of the iPhone 6.
 China sales of the iPhone 6 soared in the first quarter of last year, helping
drive up Apple's China revenues by 71 percent. A year later, weaker sales of the
6S contributed to the company's first global decline in iPhone sales and first
revenue drop in 13 years - though globally the 6S was the top-selling smartphone
in April-June, according to Strategy Analytics.
 The research firm estimates iPhone shipments in China will decline 20 percent
in the second half of this year to 21 million from a year ago.
 "Apple is struggling with consumer 'iPhone fatigue' in China, while competition
from Huawei, Oppo and others remains fierce," said Strategy Analytics analyst
Neil Mawston.
 Weibo chatter in the run-up to the iPhone 7 launch has, however, topped levels
seen ahead of last year's 6S launch.
 Some Chinese shoppers are even already eyeing a potential iPhone 8 model that
could be launched with more significant changes next year, the 10th anniversary
of the first iPhone.
 "Because it's just one year, lots of people are choosing to wait for the iPhone
8," said Wang Bo, a finance worker in his thirties at a securities firm in
Shanghai. "The changes with the 8 will be much bigger, which I think will be a
drag on sales of the new phone this year."
 Wang, who uses both an iPhone 6S and a Huawei P9, said he plans to buy this
year's new iPhone when it's released in China.
 But convincing other shoppers in China - and the United States - to replace
their smartphone is a tougher sell today than in 2014, when many Chinese were
buying an iPhone for the first time.
 Concerns that Apple has hit "peak iPhone" have buffeted the firm's shares this
year, with the stock price up just 2.35 percent, lagging the benchmark S&P 500
Index.
 "The biggest thing that's changed since 2014 is that the iPhone is widely
available," said Ben Thompson, who analyses the technology sector at
Stratechery. "There's a lot more growth potential when people have their first
chance to buy an iPhone, but that potential has now been realized."

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 17, 2015 Thursday 11:12 AM GMT

Sperm bank offers 'free iPhone 6s' to men willing to volunteer due to donor
shortage;
Technology giants Apple are set to release their iPhone 6s  - and sperm banks
are capitalising on its popularity

BYLINE: By Kirstie McCrum

SECTION: NEWS,WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 243 words


Men hoping to get their hands on an iPhone 6s have been given a chance to do so
- by donating at a SPERM BANK .

The marketing technique has caught the eyes of students in the country, who may
be thinking seriously about checking in for the intimate deal.

The sperm banks, in China, sent out WeChat messages to followers that offered
potential donors just short of the cash equivalent of the latest Apple gadget.

The users of the social network received a message called ' New ways to get an
iPhone 6s ' with an image of the much sought-after phone.

It read: "The bank is seeking donors aged 22 to 45, each to receive £503, while
the iPhone 6s is priced at £535 on the mainland."

Hubei Human Sperm Bank in central China sent out their message on Monday,
followed by Shanghai Human Sperm Bank at Renji Hospital, the latter of which has
been read more than 400,000 times.

According to China Daily , a student named Li said that his roommate was
tempted, while another, called Wang, felt like it wasn't a bad idea, just a new
tactic.

A Dr Zhu from Hubei's sperm bank, said they'd been struggling to get new donors
and the marketing is a new trick, but he says they're targeting adults who can
make their own decisions.

China's rules on sperm banks mean there's only one in each province, and all 18
are struggling to attract new donors.

Apple iOS 9 fans FURIOUS as thousands left unable to download latest iPhone
update

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Complete specifications list of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus listed here

LENGTH: 503  words


If you're confused about the specifications of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,
we have made things so much easier for you with these spec differences

For iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, it's important that you know the hardware
specifications of both smartphones so that you can judge your buying decision
based on the information that you see in the table below. Remember that iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus were waterproof, but did not receive any form of
certification. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus on the other hand are IP67 certified.
What this means is that they will easily be able to withstand dust and a few
splashes of water, but that does not mean that you should dive into a pool while
you're gripping the phone.

These phones are not IP68 certified, so chances are that they will not survive
your little dive. Apple has retained the same screen size and resolution for its
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but the company does state that the battery life has
significantly improved. It is because of the improved and efficient hardware, or
larger battery capacities, we cannot really tell at this point. Hopefully when
teardown experts get their hands on both smartphones, we'll get to know more
about these marvelous handsets.

Both phones do not come with a 3.5mm headphone jack and while that is a shame to
see, Apple has included its Lightning-based EarPods, along with a
Lightning-to-headphone adapter so you can plug in your earphones and headphones
too. Apple's iPhone 7 Plus is slightly more expensive than iPhone 6s Plus, but
it comes with more storage, so that's a win-win situation for you at least.

<table>  <tr><td>iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus</td><td>iPhone 7</td><td>iPhone 7
Plus</td></tr> <tr><td>Display</td><td>Retina HD display. 4.7-inch LED-backlit
display</td><td>Retina HD display. 5.5-inch LED-backlit display</td></tr>
<tr><td>Resolution</td><td>1334 x 750</td><td>1920 x 1080</td></tr>
<tr><td>Height</td><td>5.44 inches (138.3 mm)</td><td>6.23 inches (158.2
mm)</td></tr> <tr><td>Width</td><td>2.64 inches</td><td>3.07 inches</td></tr>
<tr><td>Depth</td><td>0.28 inch (7.1 mm)</td><td>0.29 inch (7.3 mm)</td></tr>
<tr><td>Weight</td><td>138 grams</td><td>188 grams</td></tr> <tr><td>Water
resistant</td><td>Yes</td><td>Yes</td></tr> <tr><td>Chipset</td><td>A10
Fusion</td><td>A10 Fusion</td></tr> <tr><td>Camera</td><td>All-new 12MP
camera</td><td>All-new 12MP dual camera</td></tr>
<tr><td>Cameraaperture</td><td>f/1.8</td><td>f/1.8</td></tr> <tr><td>Zoom
capabilities</td><td>Optical zoom at 2x; digital zoom up to 6x</td><td>Digital
zoom up to 3x</td></tr> <tr><td>Front camera</td><td>7MP</td><td>7MP</td></tr>
<tr><td>Camera aperture</td><td>f/2.2</td><td>f/2.2</td></tr> <tr><td>Battery
life</td><td>Up to 2 hours longer battery life than iPhone 6s</td><td>Up to 1
hour longer battery life than iPhone 6s Plus</td></tr> <tr><td>Available
colors</td><td>Gold, Silver, Black, Jet black</td><td>Gold, Silver, Black, Jet
black</td></tr>  </table>

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/93/147332990086.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 25, 2016 Friday
                                Ontario Edition

REVIEW;
What to expect with Apple's new iPhone SE

BYLINE: ANICK JESDANUN, Associated Press

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 596 words


Tech . Telecom . Media

Unless you take a lot of selfies or need a bigger phone, Apple Inc.'s new
four-inch iPhone SE is a good choice at a good price.

You get the same 12-megapixel rear camera that's in the much larger iPhone 6S,
but for $250 less, at about $400. You also get the same speeds and graphics
capabilities.

Of course, you don't get everything. The SE isn't going to be right for
everyone, especially power users. Now that Apple has started taking orders, with
shipments due in a week, keep these differences in mind:

Most noticeable is the front camera. The SE has an older 1.2-megapixel camera -
not the 5-megapixel one in the 6S. But with software improvements, selfies taken
with the SE came out better compared with the iPhone 5S it replaced. In
addition, the SE's screen turns into a front-camera flash. That's more important
than megapixels in darker settings.

Though you get the same rear camera as the 6S, you don't get an
image-stabilizing feature found in the jumbo iPhone 6S Plus. This won't matter
to most people, though. I typically have to blow up shots and look real closely
for differences. You get the same options for panorama shots, slow motion and
high-resolution "4K" video in all three phones.

The SE lacks a barometer, which means fitness apps won't record stairs climbed.
The SE also lacks 3D Touch, in which you can press on an icon hard and harder
for shortcuts and other options. Including it would have made the phone thicker.
You can still perform the same tasks, but might need an extra tap or two.

The SE doesn't support "LTE Advanced" cellular technology, which can be twice as
fast as regular LTE. The iPhone 6 doesn't either, and frankly, I didn't even
notice when I got the 6S. There's one SE model for Sprint and another for AT&T,
T-Mobile and Verizon. China has its own model, though both U.S. versions should
still work there and elsewhere abroad - data will just potentially be slower
without LTE Advanced.

The SE doesn't come in a version with 128 gigabytes of storage - just 16 GB for
starters and 64 GB for $100 more. Many high-power users will probably want a
bigger screen anyway, but if that's not the case, splurge for 64 GB. Your phone
will fill up quickly - especially as still images now come with three-second
videos by default, doubling storage requirements.

Promised battery life for video and Web surfing is 13 hours - a few hours better
than the 6S. It helps that there's less screen to light up.

The SE largely retains the boxy feel of the 5S, so old cases will work, but you
don't get a smoother feel from the larger phones' curved edges.

If you've been clinging on to your 5S because you don't want a larger iPhone,
now is a good time to upgrade. A new wireless chip enables payments with Apple
Pay. There's faster WiFi, though not as fast as the 6S. You can also access the
Siri voice assistant any time hands-free.

Though your 5S might last a few more months, it's going to get tougher to run
the latest software and apps. If your 5S is in good condition, you can trade it
in at an Apple store and get the SE for $240, in 24 monthly instalments.

Many Android makers have shunned four-inch screens in premium phones. You're
stuck with mid-range phones that lack highend cameras and speeds. I had expected
older technology in the iPhone SE, as Apple usually has two-year-old hardware at
this price. Instead, much of what's inside is just six months old - better than
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Sure, there are trade-offs, but at least Apple didn't try to pressure people
into larger models by skimping on what matters most.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 02:02 PM EST

Apple challenges Android with a $399 iPhone and MS Surface with a smaller iPad
Pro

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 731  words


Click for image

Apple turned its attention on the success of its two biggest competitors with
redesigns of existing products. Apple hopes that its idea of an entry level
4-inch iPhone, the SE priced at $399 will counter Android's domination,
especially in China and ignite new growth.

+FIRST LOOK AT Apple's announcements +

Call a tablet a tablet and no one cares - call it a detachable tablet (an
ultrabook tablet with a detachable keyboard like the Microsoft Surface Pro)
garners lean-in attention where Tim Cook says that its new 9.7-inch iPad Pro is
a contender to replace the 600 million PCs that are more than five years old.

Will the iPhone SE accelerate new customer acquisition for Apple?

Apple's success has been driven by attracting quality conscious consumers with
its iPhone then up-selling Macs, iPads and Apple TVs for the consumer's home and
family on the simple premise of solid designs, top build quality and simple
interoperability. Continued growth depends on this, but worldwide smartphone
growth is slowing in North America, Europe and China; consequently IDC predicts
flat growth for Apple.

In IDC's last mobile phone update earlier in March IDC program director Ryan
Reith said, "The mature market slowdown has some grave consequences for Apple,
as well as the high-end Android space, as these were the markets that absorbed
the majority of the premium handsets that shipped over the past five years."

Apple was careful not to call its new iPhone the SE and not the 6se because such
a designation would have eroded sales of the much more expensive iPhone 6s and
6s Plus but for all practical purposes it is a member of the 6s family. Many
speculated in the months preceding today's announcement Apple would introduce a
4-inch phone based on last year's iPhone 6 hardware, to differentiate its
entry-level phone from its flagship phones.

The iPhone SE has the same A9 processor and the same 12 megapixel iSight Camera
as the iPhone 6s though Apple seems to have withheld its 3D Touch that acts like
contextual right mouse button menu. Apple was also very careful to compare it to
the iPhone 5s introduced in September of 2013 and not the iPhone 6s introduced
in 2015. Had Apple compared it to the 6s, it would have compared very favorably.

The iPhone SE will give more price sensitive consumers pause in the mobile
store, even comparing this iPhone to phones half the price because of its
fantastic camera where lower cost Android phones tend are less competitive.
Android phones such as the Nexus 5X will compete with the iPhone SE's camera.
The price of the 5X at $350 though is in the same bracket.Apple repositions the
iPad Pro to compete for growth with the Microsoft Surface

A close look at the Apple iPad Pro, 12.9-inch or 9.7-inch models shows that it
is a device designed as an intermediary between printing hard copy output for
creatives in many different fields from entertainment, design, architecture and
engineering where documents are marked up during team collaboration, returned to
the CAD department and reprinted for the next collaboration cycle. Apple's
pencil recognized to almost replace lead pencils, ink pens and paper in the
creative process and the true tone Retina display that reacts to the eye, hands
and fingers like paper make it a perfect device for this use case.

Though serving creatives is an important market, intercepting the migration of
PC users to detachable tablets represents a larger opportunity. The detachable
tablet market or tablet with a keyboard market that Microsoft created with its
Surface Pro is price insensitive. Buyers have demonstrated that they are willing
to pay higher prices for the Microsoft brand than the typical PC buyer. A
9.7-inch iPad Pro with 128GB of memory, an Apple pencil and keyboard costs about
$1,000 compared to a similarly packaged 12.3-inch Microsoft Surface Pro 4 at
$950.

Now that Tim Cook and his entourage have left the stage, these products will
have to keep Apple's revenue flywheel spinning until the iPhone 7 is announced
next September. Apple can be counted on to parse growing international markets
like India and Malaysia into two populations, those that can afford its brand
and those that can't. Like it did in China, Apple will build stores in the most
affluent areas and aim its marketing campaigns at those brand conscious
consumers that can afford its products pinpoint accuracy.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         7 Days (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

UAE iPhone buyers to face grey market mark-up

LENGTH: 385 words


The new 16GB Rose Gold 6S Plus will likely cost Dhs4,958.

Grey market sellers in the UAE could collect a hefty premium of more than
Dhs2,000 per sale from Apple fans longing to get their hands on the new iPhone
6S before it is officially available.

Online marketplace Jado Pado has released figures of the expected prices for the
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, launched in San Francisco last week, that people
will have to pay to get them early.

The firm predicts that each device could cost as much as 50 per cent more than
Apple's off-plan prices for the new model in the US.

The new 16GB Rose Gold 6S Plus will likely cost Dhs4,958 ($1,350) - which is
Dhs2,207 ($601) more than the US retail price.

Meanwhile, the 16GB 6S Rose Gold will cost Dhs3,672 ($1,000) - Dhs1,289 ($351)
more than Apple's price of Dhs2,383 ($649). Based on buyer preferences, the grey
and silver devices are expected to be priced lower, even though Apple charges
the same for all colours.

However, Jado Pado CEO Omar Kassim stressed the projected numbers are not his
firm's prices, which won't be revealed until the site begins offering stock on
September 26.

"They're wholesale indications just based on the way we used to price
ourselves," he said. "Pricing should be in this range, if not slightly above to
start, and sliding downwards towards the US retail price over a four- to
five-week period depending on demand and availability."

Some sellers are already advertising in the region at the predicted rates.
Online vendor mygsm.me lists the 16GB Rose Gold 6S at Dhs3,900 and the 64GB
Silver at Dhs4,250, while crazydeals.ae has priced the 64GB Rose Gold at
Dhs3,499.

A seller on dubizzle is promising the phone at 8am on Saturday on Sheikh Zayed
Road. "Cash on collection. No need to wait till October! Buy your loved ones the
hottest Eid present before release," the advert states.

But the best indication of demand came from a private home-based seller who says
he has a waiting list of almost 90 people.

Speaking on the condition of anonymity, he told 7DAYS: "When I put the message
on WhatsApp to tell people I'll be getting the phones by Saturday, I got 87
responses."

The seller added: "They're all begging me to give it to them first, no matter
the cost. "Some will have their driver waiting at the airport to collect it."

megha@7days.ae

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 10


                     Copyright 2015 7 Days - Al Sidra Media
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Apple unveils iPhone 6S, 6S plus, new devices

LENGTH: 122  words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S plus, the latest in its line of flagship
smart phones, as well as a new larger iPad and a new TV system.

Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the new devices during an Apple media event held in
California on Wednesday. The new phones come with a new 3D touch technology that
has different responses depending on the amount of pressure applied to the
screen.

Both new models will be available in four metal finishes and will boast an
improved 12-megapixel camera and will be capable of 4K video recording.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/41/144184034719.jpg

Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus during an Apple
media event in San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. (Reuters)

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 1, 2015 Sunday

Zong's iPhones

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 240

LENGTH: 38  words


Zong will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever,
beginning on Friday, 13th November, 2015.

Customers can pre-order iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning on Friday, 6th
November, 2015 at www.zong.com.pk.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

New iPhones to hit UAE grey market within two weeks

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 421  words


John Everington

The UAE's grey market is expected to offer Apple's new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus
within two weeks, with retailers uncertain whether sales will match those of its
predecessor devices.

The company announced the launch of the new handsets at the Apple Worldwide
Developers Conference in San Francisco yesterday, together with the iPad Pro and
a new version of its Apple TV service.

Pre-orders for the new phones, priced between US$549 to $749, begin in the
United States on Saturday, and the devices will go on sale on September 25.

An Apple spokeswoman declined to say when the new handsets would be officially
made available in the UAE.

But retailers on Abu Dhabi's Defence Road, home to dozens of mobile phone shops,
said they expected the devices to be available here before the end of the month.

"People have been asking when we're going to sell the iPhone 6S for at least the
past 10 days," said one retailer, who asked not to be named.

"I expect we will get it a day or two after it becomes available in the UK and
the US."

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus retain the form factor of last year's devices,
with an upgraded 12 megapixel camera and a new 3D touch technology that can
sense and react to multiple pressure levels.

UAE customers last year rushed to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, attracted in
particular by their larger screens, paying premiums of more than Dh1,000 for the
privilege.

Whether they will do so this time around remains an open question, said Ashish
Panjabi, the chief operating officer at Jacky's Electronics.

"The iPhone 6 sold very well because people wanted bigger devices. It will be
interesting to see whether they will be tempted this time around by more
internal upgrades.

"Apple enthusiasts and more techy consumers will be tempted, but with the
original iPhone 6 still on sale and at a lower price, we will see how the new
devices do."

Apple's share of the global smartphone market rose to 14.1 per cent during the
second quarter of the year, up from 11.7 per cent in the same period last year,
according to the industry analysts IDC.

The company is planning to launch its first Apple Store in Dubai's Mall of the
Emirates within the next few months, with stores in The Dubai Mall and in Abu
Dhabi also in the works.

Apple's new Apple TV set top box, which features voice control and its own App
Store, will go on sale in the US last next month, starting at $149. The new iPad
Pro, which features a 12.7 inch display, will launch in November and will be
available from $799.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2015 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      December 26, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple could launch an iPhone 6S 'MINI' in 2015 with a 4-inch display

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 376  words


Apple sure ditched the 4-inch display screen size in favor of bigger display
screens of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches with the Iphone 6 and 6 Plus launched in
September 2014. But the company could soon launch a new 'MINI' iPhone with 4
inch display, latest rumors indicate.

In year 2014, Apple introduced two bigger handsets in the market, Iphone 6
launched this year started at INR 53,500 and iPhone 6 Plus started selling at
INR 62,500. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 too was introduced at a price of INR
53,500 in India but the prices. But Apple did introduce easy installment
schemes, easy buy offers in association with network service providers like
Reliance and Airtel. With these, the Cupertino giant also reduced the prices of
the older handsets, and it also reduced the price of iPhone 4S 8GB model below
INR 25K to gain a foothold in budget markets, like India.

This time however it could alter its plans and could actually bring back the
4-inch iPhone as a new device in 2015. According to a news report in PCmag Cowen
and Company analyst Timothy Arcuri, in a note to investors this week has said
that "Apple may be working on three versions of the iPhone for 2015." These
could be a  successor of the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 (could be called iPhone 6S), a
successor of the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus (could be called iPhone 6S Plus) and a
new 4 incher model in line with the new iPhone 6 design profile (could be called
iPhone 6S mini).

The specs could be similar to the iPhone 5S, says this report, but with similar
looks like the iPhone 6. Note that the iPhone 5S has sharp corners, but with the
iPhone 6 Apple used rounded corners and edges on the new iPhones.

What is also interesting is that Apple in year 2013 launches an iPhone 5S and
iPhone 5C (colourful iPhones). While the iPhone 5S were a huge success, the
iPhone 5C lagged behind its brother. The weak sales prompted Apple to reduce the
orders for iPhone 5C, according to a report in AppleInsider.

This iPhone did not get an upgrade this year. By November, this year media
reports said Apple would stop the production of iPhone 5C in year 2015. This
news also gives strength to the rumours that Apple could bring in the 4 inch
display as a cheaper option in a new handset, that could replace iPhone 5C.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     August 20, 2015 Thursday 10:24 PM EST

iPhone 6s launch likely set for Friday, September 18

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 303  words


Click for image

A pair of rumors earlier this week both point to Apple releasing its next-gen
iPhone on Friday, September 18.

First off, the Japanese language blog ITHome reports that Apple's big iPhone
unveiling event is set to take place on Wednesday, September 9. This of course
jibes with a previous report which pegged September 9 as the date of a big Apple
event. The report further adds that iPhone 6s preorders will open up on Friday,
September 11 to soon be followed by a worldwide launch seven days later on
September 18.

While Apple hasn't yet made anything official via its traditional event
invitations, the dates above sure do fit Apple's historic pattern of iPhone
releases over the last few years.

Echoing ITHome's report, the German-language Macerkopf also relays that Apple is
eyeing September 18 as a launch date for the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus.

As the old saying goes, when there's smoke there's fire, which is to say it's a
pretty good bet that you can pencil in September 18 as a day you might want to
keep open.

As we've covered previously, Apple is reportedly planning to unveil more than
just two new iPhone models come September 9. Specifically, it's widely believed
that Apple will also take some time to unveil a refreshed iPad lineup --
including the rumored iPad Pro -- alongside a completely revamped Apple TV.

While Apple's long-rumored TV subscription service is reportedly on hold for the
time being, an Apple TV refresh has not only been a long time coming, but is
apparently coming at just the right time. To wit, a recent report from Park
Associates finds that the Apple TV is now the fourth most popular streaming
media device in the U.S., trailing behind Roku, Google Chromecast, and Amazon's
Fire TV. Previously, the Apple TV checked in at third before being overtaken by
Amazon.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                               GoldCoast Edition

Apple's bid to be phabulous

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 283  words


APPLE yesterday promised a day of "monster" announcements and delivered it with
a giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new iPhones that are smarter,
faster and tougher than ever.

Apple executive Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad
Pro and a revamped Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to
grab a slice of the $US34 billion games console market.

In what is likely to be the last Apple event in a year, the company promised to
bring "innovation" to TVs through a TV app store.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the outside as last year's models,
with a 4.7-inch screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the hood the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass after some people reported bending their 6 Plus
phones.

The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of the
phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12 megapixel
camera which is a big jump from the 8 megapixel camera in the iPhone 6.

Selfie fans will appreciate an upgrade to the front-facing camera to 5
megapixels plus the ability to use the glow of the touchscreen as a front flash.

Apple made a push into productivity with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet that lets
you view apps side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes can revive a stagnant
tablet market.

While Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any stylus other than
a finger, Apple launched the Pencil along with a fold-up keyboard giving the
big-screen iPad Pro features to battle the appeal of Microsoft's Surface
tablet.Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Gold Coast Bulletin


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                               Townsville Edition

Apple's bid to be phabulous

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 283  words


APPLE yesterday promised a day of "monster" announcements and delivered it with
a giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new iPhones that are smarter,
faster and tougher than ever.

Apple executive Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad
Pro and a revamped Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to
grab a slice of the $US34 billion games console market.

In what is likely to be the last Apple event in a year, the company promised to
bring "innovation" to TVs through a TV app store.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the outside as last year's models,
with a 4.7-inch screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the hood the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass after some people reported bending their 6 Plus
phones. The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of
the phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12
megapixel camera which is a big jump from the 8 megapixel camera in the iPhone
6.

Selfie fans will appreciate an upgrade to the front-facing camera to 5
megapixels plus the ability to use the glow of the touchscreen as a front flash.

Apple made a push into productivity with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet that lets
you view apps side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes can revive a stagnant
tablet market.

While Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any stylus other than
a finger, Apple launched the Pencil along with a fold-up keyboard giving the
big-screen iPad Pro features to battle the appeal of Microsoft's Surface
tablet.Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                               Townsville Edition

Apple's bid to be phabulous

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 283  words


APPLE yesterday promised a day of "monster" announcements and delivered it with
a giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new iPhones that are smarter,
faster and tougher than ever.

Apple executive Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad
Pro and a revamped Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to
grab a slice of the $US34 billion games console market.

In what is likely to be the last Apple event in a year, the company promised to
bring "innovation" to TVs through a TV app store.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the outside as last year's models,
with a 4.7-inch screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the hood the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass after some people reported bending their 6 Plus
phones. The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of
the phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12
megapixel camera which is a big jump from the 8 megapixel camera in the iPhone
6.

Selfie fans will appreciate an upgrade to the front-facing camera to 5
megapixels plus the ability to use the glow of the touchscreen as a front flash.

Apple made a push into productivity with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet that lets
you view apps side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes can revive a stagnant
tablet market.

While Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any stylus other than
a finger, Apple launched the Pencil along with a fold-up keyboard giving the
big-screen iPad Pro features to battle the appeal of Microsoft's Surface
tablet.Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday

Dual-cam iPhone 7 Plus is editor's choice;
It is September again - that time of the year when Apple releases new iPhones.
Trevor Tan tests the latest iPhone 7 and 7 Plus to see if they are worth your
moolah.

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 1233 words


DESIGN - SAME BUT DIFFERENT

Despite being a full upgrade from 6 to 7 without any "S" suffix, the iPhone 7
and 7 Plus look almost like the previous two generations of iPhones.

In fact, both iPhones share the same physical dimensions as their immediate "S"
predecessors. Thickness, length and width are the same, with the same display
size and pixel resolution. However, they are up to 5g lighter than their direct
predecessors.

But both new iPhones are rated at IP67, which means they are dust resistant and
water resistant (they can be immersed in depths of up to 1m for 30min).

You can practically wash the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus after the phones get dirty or
smudgy.

The big news is the phones' lack of a headphone jack. In its place is another
set of speakers (more on the iPhones' audio later).

If you choose one of the two new black models - black or jet black - you can
hardly see the antenna bands.

The other three colours - silver, gold and rose gold - have the familiar white
fronts, while the black models have both their front and back in black.

The back of the black and jet black versions are finished in matte black and
glossy black, respectively. Both finishes picked up a fair share of smudges, but
the jet black model is more susceptible to fingerprints and scratches.

I know I am definitely going for a black iPhone 7 Plus, but I am still undecided
on which one.

TECH SPECS

APPLE iPHONE 7 PLUS

PRICE: $1,248 (32GB), $1,418 (128GB), $1,588 (256GB); available on Sept 16

PROCESSOR: A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture with embedded M10 motion
co-processor

SCREEN: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,920 x 1,080 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear dual cameras (wide-angle f/1.8; telephoto f/2.8),
7-megapixel front camera f/2.2

WEIGHT: 188g

RATING

FEATURES: 5/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

TECH SPECS

APPLE iPHONE 7

PRICE: $1,048 (32GB), $1,218 (128GB), $1,388 (256GB); available on Sept 16

PROCESSOR: A10 Fusion chip with 64-bit architecture with embedded M10 motion
co-processor

SCREEN: 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,334 x 750 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera f/1.8, 7-megapixel front camera f/2.2

WEIGHT: 138g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

NEW HOME BUTTON

Another design change you cannot see but can feel is the new Home button. It is
no longer a physical button but a touch-capacitive button.

Using a new Taptic Engine, the Home button gives haptic feedback when you press
it.

You can customise the strength of the haptic feedback. I put it to the highest
strength.

It takes a little while to get used to it, as you need to press slighty harder
to unlock the phone rather than merely touching the previous Home button. Other
than that, it is still the same Home button you use for Touch ID, Apple Pay,
taking screenshots and Siri.

However, to reboot the iPhone now, you have to press the volume down button
(instead of the Home button) and On/Off button together.

CAMERA AND DUAL-CAMERA

The iPhone is the world's most popular camera, according to photo-sharing site
Flickr. And Apple has improved on the camera of the new iPhones.

Although it has the same 12 megapixels as its predecessors, the iPhone 7's rear
camera now comes with a larger f/1.8 aperture (up from f/2.2) that allows up to
50 per cent more light into the improved image sensor for more details.

Both new iPhones also feature a quad-tone flash, instead of the previous
dual-tone, for more natural skin tones.

Previously, only the iPhone 6s Plus' rear camera had an optical image stabiliser
(OIS). But now, both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus' rear cameras have OIS.

Present in the iPhone 7 Plus only is a dual-camera system, whereby one
12-megapixel camera uses a wide-angle 28mm focal length and the other
12-megapixel camera uses a telephoto 56mm focal length. This translates to a 2x
optical zoom, but the telephoto camera lacks OIS.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deliver sharper images with greater details, even
in the darker image areas, than their predecessors.

Auto white balance is spot on, and the camera does not produce over-vivid and
too-contrasty photos.

Image quality is equally top-notch for the 2x zoom lens.

Selfie lovers will like that the front-facing camera has been upgraded to seven
megapixels from five megapixels previously, and images appear much sharper too.

Using the quad-tone flash under incandescent lighting, I found the skin tones in
the images to be more natural than those of the iPhone 6s Plus.

SPEED

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are both armed with the new A10 Fusion chip that
features a four-core processor design. It consists of two high-performance cores
and two high-efficiency cores for up to 40 per cent faster performance than the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The iPhone 7 scored 3,364 (single-core) and 5,314 (multi-core) points in the
GeekBench 4 benchmark test, while the iPhone 7 Plus scored 3,322 (single-core)
and 5,315 (multi-core) points. This is an increase in performance ranging from
25 per cent to 49 per cent, compared to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus respectively.

Graphics-intensive games, such as Implosion and Infinity Blade 3, displayed
great texture and played smoothly without any lag. It will certainly be more
than enough for your Pokemon Go hunts.

In addition, the storage capacities of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have been doubled
from those of their predecessors. So, I can finally get a 256GB iPhone for my
growing photo collection, which is reaching breaking point.

AUDIO

Like the iPad Pro, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus deliver great stereo output from
their built-in stereo speakers. You can easily tell which end of the phone the
sound is emanating from, or when you switch the orientation of the iPhone.

But the headphone jack is gone. I rarely listen to music on my iPhone, as I have
an iPod touch for that purpose. So it is not much of a loss to me.

However, out of the box, you get Apple's EarPods with Lightning connector and a
Lightning-to-3.5mm headphone jack adapter. So, you can still use all of your old
headphones.

Listening to the EarPods with Lightning connector and the old EarPods using the
adapter on an iPhone 7 Plus, I found that the Lightning EarPods have slightly
sharper vocals and a tad more bass.

Unfortunately, the Lightning EarPods do not work with my iPhone 6s Plus and iPod
touch. So do not buy a set thinking you can use it with your current iOS
devices.

Plus, the new iPhones do not support wireless charging. I see that as an issue
with some users who want to charge and listen to music at the same time.

BATTERY LIFE

To stress-test the battery, I looped a 720p video at full brightness and full
volume, and with Wi-Fi on.The iPhone 7 lasted 7hr 40min, while the iPhone 7 Plus
lasted 8hr.

This means that both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus lasted 50min more than their
respective predecessors, which is no mean feat.

Under normal use, which includes regularly checking Facebook updates and
e-mails, both phones should easily last through a full working day - unless you
are playing Pokemon Go all the time.

·Verdict: The Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus might not have the bells and whistles or
spanking new design of their competitors, but they are still undoubtedly some of
the best smartphones on the market. Personally, the dual-camera of the iPhone 7
Plus is enough reason for me to upgrade my iPhone 6s Plus. Question is, black or
jet black'

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The iPhone 7 (front) and 7 Plus may not have the same features as their
competitors, but are still some of the best phones out there.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

APPLE IPHONE 6s From £539 [...];
TICKET Games

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 564 words


APPLE IPHONE 6s

From £539  *****

As is the norm with Apple, odd-ending years see the release of an 's' model
iPhone, a refined version of the one from the year before, but often doing more
than just bridge the gap until the next brand new handset.

The 6s is pretty much identical in size and design to the iPhone 6 but feels
slightly weightier. This is partly due to its new aircraft-grade aluminium
chassis that should put an end to the 'bendgate' issues that caused its
predecessor's case to warp.

The extra heft, however, is primarily down to the handset's key new feature - a
3D touch screen. Similar to Force Touch on the Apple Watch and the new Macbook
trackpad, the touchscreen now detects force, allowing you to interact with the
smartphone in new ways. Comparable to pressing the left mouse button when using
a PC, it allows for faster access to app features. For example, a deep press on
the camera app icon will quickly give you the option to take a video or a selfie
before the app opens.

Elsewhere, the 'Peek And Pop' feature will let you preview mail or web pages
with a quick tap on the message or link, while a deeper press will open it.

While some may argue it messes somewhat with the purity of the iPhone's now
wellestablished interface, the new functionality soon becomes second nature and
adds to the feeling of the device's lightning responsiveness. It will, of
course, really come into its own when third party developers - particularly
games makers - start to incorporate it.

In general, things seem more rapid with the 6s. Apps open faster thanks to a
doubling of RAM to 2GB, while the Touch ID fingerprint detector is now
noticeably quicker at recognising your fingers.

Always the strong point of the iPhone, the rear-facing camera has been given a
significant overhaul with a boosted 12MP sensor and the ability to shoot 4K
video. It also copes far better in low lighting scenarios.

Selfie fans will appreciate the major improvement to the front-facing camera
from the previously weedy 1.2 megapixels to the now very capable 5MP. That is
aided by the screen now acting as a fairly effective flash by throwing out a
burst of light. Elsewhere, the new Live Photos mode automatically captures 1.5
seconds of footage both before and after you press the shutter, but this feels
more of a gimmick than a useful feature.

As always, there are a few missing features which point to what we can expect in
next year's model. For example, the excitement of having the capability to shoot
4K video with the new camera is diminished slightly when you realise you can
only play back footage on the device at 1080p. This is because the display
hasn't been upgraded from the Full HD one on the iPhone 6. With the likes of
Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium sporting an ultra high-res screen, you can put money on
the iPhone 7 upping the ante here.

Also, despite some clever new powersaving features in iOS9, the 6s's battery
lacks stamina in comparison to most other premium smartphones.

Some will argue that the new refinements only bring the iPhone into line with
its highend Android rivals, it is the way the 6s marries its new tricks with
Apple's slick and stable operating system that sets it apart from
Google-sporting rivals.

There's not enough here to fully recommend an upgrade for iPhone 6 users, but
for anyone else wanting a new smartphone, this is the most complete handset on
the market.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

APPLE IPHONE 6s From £539 [...];
Games

BYLINE: KEVIN LYNCH

SECTION: THE BEAT;FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 567 words


APPLE IPHONE 6s From £539 *****

As is the norm with Apple, odd-ending years see the release of an 's' model
iPhone, a refined version of the one from the year before, but often doing more
than just bridge the gap until the next brand new handset.

The 6s is pretty much identical in size and design to the iPhone 6 but feels
slightly weightier. This is partly due to its new aircraft-grade aluminium
chassis that should put an end to the 'bendgate' issues that caused its
predecessor's case to warp.

The extra heft, however, is primarily down to the handset's key new feature - a
3D touch screen. Similar to Force Touch on the Apple Watch and the new Macbook
trackpad, the touchscreen now detects force, allowing you to interact with the
smartphone in new ways. Comparable to pressing the left mouse button when using
a PC, it allows for faster access to app features. For example, a deep press on
the camera app icon will quickly give you the option to take a video or a selfie
before the app opens.

Elsewhere, the 'Peek And Pop' feature will let you preview mail or web pages
with a quick tap on the message or link, while a deeper press will open it.

GADGET THE While some may argue it messes somewhat with the purity of the
iPhone's now wellestablished interface, the new functionality soon becomes
second nature and adds to the feeling of the device's lightning responsiveness.
It will, of course, really come into its own when third party developers -
particularly games makers - start to incorporate it.

In general, things seem more rapid with the 6s. Apps open faster thanks to a
doubling of RAM to 2GB, while the Touch ID fingerprint detector is now
noticeably quicker at recognising your fingers.

Always the strong point of the iPhone, the rear-facing camera has been given a
significant overhaul with a boosted 12MP sensor and the ability to shoot 4K
video. It also copes far better in low lighting scenarios.

OF WEEK Selfie fans will appreciate the major improvement to the front-facing
camera from the previously weedy 1.2 megapixels to the now very capable 5MP.
That is aided by the screen now acting as a fairly effective flash by throwing
out a burst of light. Elsewhere, the new Live Photos mode automatically captures
1.5 seconds of footage both before and after you press the shutter, but this
feels more of a gimmick than a useful feature.

As always, there are a few missing features which point to what we can expect in
next year's model. For example, the excitement of having the capability to shoot
4K video with the new camera is diminished slightly when you realise you can
only play back footage on the device at 1080p. This is because the display
hasn't been upgraded from the Full HD one on the iPhone 6. With the likes of
Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium sporting an ultra high-res screen, you can put money on
the iPhone 7 upping the ante here.

Also, despite some clever new powersaving features in iOS9, the 6s's battery
lacks stamina in comparison to most other premium smartphones.

Some will argue that the new refinements only bring the iPhone into line with
its highend Android rivals, it is the way the 6s marries its new tricks with
Apple's slick and stable operating system that sets it apart from
Google-sporting rivals.

There's not enough here to fully recommend an upgrade for iPhone 6 users, but
for anyone else wanting a new smartphone, this is the most complete handset on
the market.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Newcastle Herald (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

Apple goes big

BYLINE: HANNAH FRANCIS with agencies

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 199 words


APPLE has announced updates to its smartphones, iPad and digital set-top box,
the Apple TV, at an event in California on Wednesday (US time), presented by
Apple chief executive Tim Cook. As expected, Apple showcased the iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, which visually resemble their predecessors but have improved
cameras, processors and a new feature called "3D Touch" which reads different
levels of screen-touch pressure to give extra functionality.

The low Australian dollar means the new iPhones will cost more than last year's
bestselling iPhone 6 models, ranging from $1079 for a 16GB iPhone 6s to $1529
for a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

The handsets will be available in Australia on September 25, with pre-orders
starting this Saturday.

They will arrive with the latest Apple mobile operating system, iOS 9, which
will also be rolled out as an update to existing iPhone and iPad models.The
revamp to Apple TV brings a new operating system, tvOS, which integrates with
Apple's voice-activated personal digital assistant, Siri.

Apple also revealed a new 12.9-inch iPad at the event, the iPad Pro, which it
says is up to 1.8 times faster than previous models and has 10 hours of battery
life. with agencies

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple chief executive Tim Cook at the update launch. Picture: Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Newcastle Newspapers Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            June 22, 2016 Wednesday

BMO Brings Apple Pay to Canadian Customers

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: New York



 TORONTO, ONTARIO: BMO Financial Group today announced it will offer Apple Pay
to its Canadian customers, allowing customers to make easy and secure purchases
with their BMO credit and debit cards.


 "We have a long track record of bringing to market innovative products and
services that help enhance and simplify our customers' lives. The introduction
of Apple Pay for BMO customers is the latest example," said Cameron Fowler,
Group Head, Canadian Personal and Commercial Banking, BMO Financial Group.
 He added that the adoption of mobile payments has accelerated since BMO
launched Mobile PayPass Tag in 2011. "This is a natural next step in this
journey that we're taking with our customers in Canada, as well as the United
States - where we've been offering Apple Pay for the past year," said Mr.
Fowler.
 Coming soon to BMO customers, Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will
continue to receive all of the rewards and bene[#xfb01]ts offered by credit and
debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
 Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
 When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      November 20, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Cheap iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Offers from Wholesale-Iphone-6.com for Christmas
Shoppers

LENGTH: 445  words


Nov. 20 -- People often prefer to purchase unlocked smartphones as it helps them
to enjoy the services of other mobile service providers as well. There are many
online stores from where customers can purchase varieties of unlocked
smartphones of different brands at affordable price. Wholesale-Iphone-6.com is
one such e-commerce store from where customers can buy unlocked i-Phones of
Apple at a reasonable price. For Xmas shoppers, this online platform is offering
the exclusive opportunity of purchasing iPhone 6s and 6s Plus of Apple at a
comparatively lesser price. Here customers can sort phone models on the basis of
price ranges and colors. They can also search in this platform through browsing
the category column and typing the specific keyword.

On visiting the menu option of iPhone 6s for sale customers will have the option
to view various models of this brand with full specifications and reviews. It
widens the scope of product selection option for the customers. Here all these
models are available in unlocked configuration with the different internal
storage capacities of 64 GB, 16 GB and 128 GB. In a similar manner, on visiting
the menu option of iPhone 6s Plus for sale users can easily obtain full
information of every unlocked models with detail specifications and reviews.
Here customers can easily add products in the cart and can choose the payment
option quite easily. Buyers need to pay after receiving the order confirmation
mail from this site. The online store protects the private information of users
and never shares with third party sources.

On visiting the link of iPad pro for sale, users will have the wide range of
item selection options. In this link they can easily avail the detail
specifications and reviews of every model of Apple iPad pro within a few seconds
of time. Here unlocked smartphones of well brands like Samsung, Nokia, Sony,
HTC, Motorola and many more also available in plenty with detail information. It
instantly responds to the order request of the customers and contacts them for
the required order details. It mainly accepts payment through Western Union and
after receiving the payment it immediately dispatched the ordered item within 24
hours.

For overseas customers it uses the DHL shipping option where product delivery
normally takes 3-5 days. It also forwards the tracking code in advance before
the product is shipped out to the customers. On receiving the parcel customers
have to check the quality and quantity of the ordered items so as to report the
site in case of any problem. Buyers have to confirm the receipt of products
immediately so as to become eligible for refund.

Source: Wholesale IPhone-6

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 29, 2016 Friday 12:40 PM GMT

iPhone7: Release date, price, picture leaks and the latest news about Apple's
next gadget;
The iPhone 7 is expected to be revealed in early September and there's been a
huge increase in hype surrounding the next generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: LIFESTYLE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2271 words


Apple could reveal the new iPhone in less than two months.

The tech giant usually reveals its next smartphone in early September so it can
see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

Apple isn't due to unveil its next iPhone for another couple of months, but the
company may have already decided on its release date.

The new handset will go on sale on Friday September 16, according to notorious
leaker Evan Blass.

He shared the date in typically offhand style on his Twitter account, @evleaks,
specifying that the date refers to the retail release, not the launch event:

Blass cited no source for the information, but his predictions have been correct
more often than not in the past.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 12, or a week earlier.

Meanwhile, separate leaks suggest that Apple may not call its next device the
iPhone 7 at all, but opt instead for the name "iPhone 6SE".

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

There's also nothing wrong with taking advantage of Black Friday sales and the
run up to Christmas.

If we had to be specific, we would estimate the announcement date for the iPhone
7 being on a Wednesday or a Thursday in either the first or second week of
September.

The iPhone 6s announcement was held on September 9, 2015 and Apple could plan a
repeat performance.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the (EURO)869 and (EURO)979 prices.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tap & Go will Bring Apple Pay to Customers

LENGTH: 281  words


July 20 -- Tap & Go, a mobile payment service operated by HKT Payment Limited, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of HKT, will bring its customers Apple Pay, which
transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's
fast and convenient.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Mr. Alex Arena, Group Managing Director of HKT, said, "As a genuine mobile
payment service provider in the market, we will enable our customers to enjoy
Apple Pay which is a more convenient and secure way to pay. Through Apple Pay,
Tap & Go customers will soon be able to make purchases in stores at MasterCard
contactless acceptance points or online within apps."

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit and debit cards. In participating stores,
Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone
SE and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/.

Source: PCCW

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

Warid to launch iPhone6s and iPhone6s Plus for its customers

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 252

LENGTH: 160  words


Warid Telecom, leading Pakistani telecom operator, is officially launching two
coveted iPhones for its valuable subscribers. Warid will offer iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones, from Friday, November 13th 2015.
Customers can pre-order iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at www.waridtel.com/4G.

This new development will give both new and existing Warid customers access to
two of the most popular phones available in the market today. Both devices are
4G enabled which means they will be able to connect to Warid's Lightning Taiz
LTE mobile network. They also boast advanced features such as excellent cameras,
high-speed processors, and large RAMs; all run via Apple's popular iOS.

Warid has always excelled in bringing new and innovative technology to their
consumers. With the introduction of these two highly desired devices Warid is
continuing to ensure that valued customers are satisfied and always have a
plethora of options to choose from.**

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

Response to 6s Likely to Upset Apple-Cart in India

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 701 words


Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some extent as
bookings for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen short of expectations, said

some of the company's trade partners.Against a bold target of tripling
prebookings for the devices, which will be available in India

on Friday , these have risen by just 10-15% compared with last year for the
previous models, the partners said. They said buyers expect lower prices online
once the phone becomes widely available.

Thanks to lower online prices, Apple's ambitious sales target for the new
generation of devices could still eventually be met. Earlier this year, Apple
had allowed its distributors to sell at the lowest price to the ecommerce
channel, leading to a surge in sales after having followed a conservative line
that meant all vendors had to hold their rates at the company-mandated level.

Adding to buyers' hesitation on pre-bookings is price. The entry model costs ' .
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch price, said the executives cited above.

"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a wait-and-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands. Leading
cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were forced to reach
out to customers for pre-bookings, unlike the previous year when demand
outstripped supply.The India experience thus far runs counter to the global
scenario -Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones with more
than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch. An executive at
a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been muted, largely
because of high prices.

OFFERING PRICE PROTECTION

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'one-month price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid the difference. Others have
offered

nstant buyback at 50% of the price for older Phone models. These initiatives
don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300
models amount ng to Rs 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last year.
Expectation of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles
Executive Director K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobile's Managing Director Subhash Chandra
said prebookings of the latest iPhones were below expec ations. "However,
consumers may want to see he models once they are launched and then may buy," he
said. Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at midnight on October 16 in
India. The company has priced the 6s at ' . 62,000 (16GB), ' 72,000 (64GB) and '
. 82,000 (128GB) while the arger-screen 6s Plus will cost ' . 72,000 (16GB), '
82,000 (64GB) and '. 92,000 (128GB). Pre-bookings started at the beginning of
the month. Telecom operators such as Airtel and Vodafone have partnered Apple
this year to offer pre-booking plans.Apple hadn't responded to emailed queries
at press time. Counterpoint Technology Market Research Senior Analyst Tarun
Pathak said the high price of the latest iPhones has no doubt de erred
consumers, but many are also waiting, since Diwali is still a month away,
holding out the prospect of better deals.

"A significant number of consumers can also buy last year's iPhone models, which
are now expected to get a price cut, and will be much lower han the current
models," Pathak said. "However, we expect a good October-December quarter or
Apple, since last year only 50% of Apple owners in India had bought the last
iPhone and hence others would certainly upgrade to one of the models this year."
According to Counterpoint, Apple sold 1.7 million iPhones in India between
October 2014 and September 2015, the company's inancial year, compared with 1.1
million units n the year-earlier period.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

iPhone Launch a Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 542 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it

usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing importance of India,
which is set to overtake the US as the world's second-largest smartphone market
by 2017.Apple is looking to rapidly add to the 1.7 million units it sold in its
financial year ended September 2015, according to data from Counterpoint
Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from almost 1.1 million devices
sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and

iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a
Vodafone India spokesperson said. Customers can register for the devices
beginning October 9 on the company's website. India's No. 2 telco didn't
disclose plan details. After registration, customers can choose to buy the
phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's retail outlets, sources
added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in Octo

ber 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on instalments for all its
devices, starting from the iPhone 4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone users,"
said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
"Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6and iPhone 6 Plus, which together generated
over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a strong fiscal for Apple in
India."

Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007, ignored India for a long time and
increased its focus on the market only over the past couple of years.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple iPhone 6S Price: from [...]

SECTION: BUSINESS WEEK;BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 320 words


Apple iPhone 6S Price: from (EURO)740 While a full review is some way off, I got
a little bit of hands-on time with the new iPhone after its launch. Both the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are almost identical to the current iPhone models, but
they have better cameras: 12 megapixels instead of eight. They also have '3D
Touch'. This lets the phone respond differently, depending on whether you 'tap'
or 'press' the screen. Sometimes, this results in time-saving shortcuts with
apps. For example, on Instagram, it lets you preview photos or profiles. Several
apps are already compliant with it. Handy.

IPad pro Price: (EURO)850 (likely) The other big Apple announcement is its giant
new iPad, twice the size of its current 10-inch iPad Air models. The 13-inch
machine also has significantly more engine power than most existing tablets.
Having played with it for a short while, it's quite light. But other than
watching movies, it's not obvious how we'll use it recreationally.

Apple is positioning this quite strongly as a work tool, and it has a dedicated
keyboard accessory. Many are comparing it to Microsoft's Surface, but the
Surface is actually a PC masquerading as a tablet, with Windows 10 and plenty of
USB connectivity.

Kef Egg speakers Price: (EURO)570 Ever watch a movie on your laptop or desktop
PC? Or stream music in the kitchen from your phone? While the 'retina' quality
screens on all these gadgets make for good viewing, the sound is still usually
poor. This is one reason that separate speakers sell well. Most external
speakers I've trialled are single boxes aimed mainly for music streaming from
phones. If you want a slightly bigger sound, you need a dedicated pair. Such a
concept is Kef's Egg speakers. I used them mostly as wireless speakers, playing
music from a phone and audio for a 22-inch home PC playing Netflix. They're
great: they play deep, rich audio quality that easily fills almost any home
room.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 5:22 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1057 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 16, 2016 Friday 5:22 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1057 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 5:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1050 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 9, 2016 Friday 5:52 PM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1050 words


Apple has finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, and almost all of the
rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the new phones from Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

In the UK, the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black".
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - although there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

3D Touch, great camera add up to tempting upgrade;
iPhone 6S, 6S Plus look like predecessor but come with significant new features

BYLINE: Ed Baig, ebaig@usatoday.com, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 923 words


Ironclad, two-year subsidized cellular contracts are rapidly becoming a thing of
the past, tempting you to upgrade your smartphone more frequently.

That temptation has been on the minds of iPhone owners ever since Apple CEO Tim
Cook announced the 6S and 6S Plus, even those who sprung for the 6 or 6 Plus
models within the last year.

Apple's marketing spiel is that these are the most advanced iPhones ever, and
there is truth behind the hype.

The odd-year "S" releases of the iPhone sometimes get a bad rap, with people
thinking such models are only marginally better. Yet looking back, it was the 4s
that introduced the iPhone crowd to Siri, and the 5s brought the Touch ID
fingerprint scanner.

The most significant new feature on the 6S and 6S Plus that I've been testing
ahead of their arrival Friday is 3D Touch. Similar to the force touch technology
on the Apple Watch, 3D Touch builds on multitouch to sense how hard you press
down against the display. 3D Touch is baked throughout the new iOS 9 operating
system with the amount of pressure you apply leading to different possible
outcomes.

For instance, gently pressing against the Camera app icon summons a shortcut
menu for taking selfies, recording video or capturing a regular photo. A light
press against the Reminders app lets you quickly add items to your to-do lists.
Or by pressing against Maps you might mark your location or seek directions.

Inside apps,  3D Touch can exploit what Apple calls Peek and Pop; the idea that
you can dip in and out of content without losing your place. In the Mail app,
lightly pressing against message in your inbox and without lifting your finger
lets you peek at the message. Press harder when you want to want to pop into the
actual message to respond.

In the Safari browser you can gently press against a link to view the underlying
content and slide up to open the link in a new tab. If you instead press with
more force, you can pop into that page.

Apple is opening 3D Touch to several third-party developers. On the Pinterest
app, you can use 3D Touch to search pins, create a board or see what's trending.
On Dropbox, you can view your most recent file, jump to offline files, upload a
photo or search. On Facebook, you'll be able to quickly update your status.

3D Touch is something I think you'll ultimately embrace, but don't expect to
master it immediately. Other  highlights:

Camera and photos. The phones have outstanding 12-megapixel rear cameras and
5-megapixel front shooters. I was generally  pleased with the sharpness and
color on pictures I took in all sorts of lighting.

The clever, new (if not entirely unique) Live Photos feature is fun. Shoot
pictures like normal, but when Live Photos is turned on (as it is by default),
you're automatically capturing about a second-and-a-half of video and sound
before and after you press the shutter button. That means you can touch the
picture to make it move, on your phone, on other Apple devices (such as the
Apple Watch) and eventually in your Facebook news feed.

You can share these on other devices as regular still photos.

Live Photos works with the front and rear cameras. I took several goofy Live
Photos of my family, of waves crashing in on a Jersey beach and a selfie with a
waterfall behind me, which I turned into lock screen wallpaper with a cool,
little special effect.

Apple says Live Photos take up about the same amount of space as two photos with
the Live Photos feature turned off, so storage shouldn't be an  issue.

Speaking of selfies, the 6S and 6S Plus turn the front display into a flash by
lighting up for a moment three times brighter than usual. Also clever.

Aspiring filmmakers will be jazzed about the ability to shoot 4K video on the
phones. The feature is turned off by default since most people still don't have
a way to play back 4K video and such videos gobble up lots of space, roughly 375
MB per minute at the highest resolution. You can edit 4K video on the latest
free iMovie app that is available for the phones.

But I expect you to be more than satisfied with the HD videos you shoot,
especially on the 6S Plus, which gets optical image stabilization to help ensure
smooth video. A quibble: I wish you could switch from shooting 4K to HD videos
directly in the Camera app, rather than have to dig into the phone's settings.

Design. The latest iPhones are dead ringers for their immediate predecessors,
but they're a little heavier. The phone is faster, too, including the Touch ID
fingerprint reader. Older cases I tried fit fine. Handsets are made of a solid
aluminum grade used by the aerospace industry. Apple says the glass  is stronger
but not so strong  it can survive asphalt.

iOS 9. Though not a dramatic upgrade, iOS 9 collectively adds a gaggle of useful
features, notably a smarter Siri, proactive search, an improved Notes app, a
Maps app with public transit directions (at least in a few cities) and a new
News app. There's also a low power battery mode that promises to extend battery
life when you're running out of juice.

Apple has introduced a monthly installment program  for the 6S and 6S Plus that
includes a warranty. You'll be eligible for a new phone after making 12
payments. You can pick your carrier (among AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile or Verizon)
and can switch if you wish.

A tempting arrangement for a very tempting phone.

THE BOTTOM LINE

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

Pricing varies by carrier; Apple installment plan starts at $32 and $37 monthly.

Pro: 3D Touch, Splendid camera. 4K video, Live Photos, iOS9.

Con: 3D Touch has a learning curve.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Chris Goodney, Bloomberg

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Plus points;
APPLE PICK OF BUNCH APPLE PICK StarTech

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 381 words


APPLE iPHONE 6s PLUS REVIEW *****

WHEN Apple launched its giant iPhone 6 Plus last year we weren't that impressed.

Too difficult in your hand, too big for your pocket and far too expensive, were
our initial complaints.

However, sometimes you have to hold your hands up when you make a mistake.

Having spent a lot more time with the 6 Plus over the past year, we've grown to
love this giant smartphone and yes, we admit it, we got our 4-star rating wrong.

Now Apple has released an update to its super-sized phone.

The iPhone 6s Plus may look similar to its little brother, but there's plenty of
new features to make this a worthy upgrade.

The biggest change comes in the form of Apple's new giant 3D Touch display.
Press the 5.5in Retina HD screen and you'll open the usual apps, pictures and
content.

But tap and press harder and you'll get access to more menus. Apple is calling
this Peek and Pop and having put it to the test it's a definite gamechanger.

Sending messages, checking emails, playing music and even gaming is made so much
easier. The iPhone 6s Plus also features two new cameras which bring a touch of
added quality to your photos and videos.

On the back of the phone is an excellent 12-megapixel snapper which has the
ability to film in ultra high definition 4K quality.

Videos look amazing in this format but they do come with a price - the file size
is massive and 16GB owners will run out of space fast. Apple has also introduced
its new Live Photo mode which snaps a tiny piece of video before and after it
takes the photo. It's a neat feature that will grow on you the more you use it.

For selfie fans there's an upgraded front-facing camera which now includes a
flash for low light photos of your face.

There's some new brains tucked inside the iPhone 6s Plus and this A9 processor
is blisteringly fast.

Battery life is also impressive and, with average use, you can almost squeeze
two days of use from a single charge.

There's still some room for improvement as the screen isn't as bright or sharp
as some of its rivals, it can't be charged wirelessly and it's still pricey.

The new 6s Plus is also slightly heavier than the older model.

Some will still find iPhone 6s Plus too big to handle but if you fancy going
super-sized, you won't find much better than this new offering.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U-TURN: We've grown to love the super-sized 6 Plus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cut in iPhone 6s output rocks shares in Apple and its suppliers

BYLINE: Nick Goodway

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 229 words


SHARES in the world's most-valuable company, Apple, and those in many of its
component suppliers, tumbled today on claims that it is cutting production of
its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by 30% for the next three months.

Apple shares closed down 2.5% at $102.71 (£70.16) in after-hours trading on the
Nasdaq market in New York following the report by Japan's Nikkei Asian Review.
It said stocks of the 6s were piling up with retailers, particularly in
developed smartphone markets like Europe and China.

The shares of London-listed Apple suppliers suffered knock-on effects with chip
maker ARM down 3.1%, Imagination Technologies down 1.5%, and Laird off 1.7%. Far
Eastern suppliers of parts for iPhones like Japan Display, LG Display and TDK
Corp saw their shares fall between 3% and 4%.

"This is an eye-opening production cut which speaks to the softer demand that
Apple has seen with 6s out of the gate," said Daniel Ives, senior analyst at FBR
Capital Markets. "The street was bracing for a cut, but the magnitude is a bit
more worrisome and speaks to a soft March quarter on the horizon."

Apple declined to comment on the report but one Taiwanese supplier pointed out
that the main iPhone assembler, Foxconn, was allowing workers time off at
Chinese New Year in February whereas it used to pay them overtime to keep
production running through the holiday. @NickGoodway

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wrong number: stocks of the 6s are reported to be piling up with
retailers in Europe and China

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Apple's sale strategy backfires in India as new iPhone bookings fall short of
expectations

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 710 words


KOLKATA: Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some
extent as bookings for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen short of
expectations, said some of the company's trade partners. Against a bold target
of tripling prebookings for the devices, which will be available in India on
Friday, these have risen by just 10-15% compared with last year for the previous
models, the partners said. They said buyers expect lower prices online once the
phone becomes widely available.

Thanks to lower online prices, Apple's ambitious sales target for the new
generation of devices could still eventually be met. Earlier this year, Apple
had allowed its distributors to sell at the lowest price to the ecommerce
channel, leading to a surge in sales after having followed a conservative line
that meant all vendors had to hold their rates at the company-mandated level.

Adding to buyers' hesitation on pre-bookings is price. The entry model costs Rs
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch price, said the executives cited above.

"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a wait-and-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands. Leading
cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were forced to reach
out to customers for pre-bookings, unlike the previous year when demand
outstripped supply. The India experience thus far runs counter to the global
scenario - Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones with more
than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch. An executive at
a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been muted, largely
because of high prices.

Offering Price Protection

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'one-month price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid the difference. Others have
offered instant buyback at 50% of the price for older iPhone models. These
initiatives don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300
models amounting to Rs 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last year.
Expectation of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles
Executive Director K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobile's Managing Director Subhash Chandra
said prebookings of the latest iPhones were below expectations. "However,
consumers may want to see the models once they are launched and then may buy,"
he said. Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at midnight on October 16
in India. The company has priced the 6s at Rs 62,000 (16GB),Rs 72,000 (64GB) and
Rs 82,000 (128GB) while the larger-screen 6s Plus will cost Rs 72,000 (16GB),Rs
82,000 (64GB) and Rs 92,000 (128GB). Pre-bookings started at the beginning of
the month. Telecom operators such as Airtel and Vodafone have partnered Apple
this year to offer pre-booking plans. Apple hadn't responded to emailed queries
at press time. Counterpoint Technology Market Research Senior Analyst Tarun
Pathak said the high price of the latest iPhones has no doubt deterred
consumers, but many are also waiting, since Diwali is still a month away,
holding out the prospect of better deals.

"A significant number of consumers can also buy last year's iPhone models, which
are now expected to get a price cut, and will be much lower than the current
models," Pathak said. "However, we expect a good October-December quarter for
Apple, since last year only 50% of Apple owners in India had bought the last
iPhone and hence others would certainly upgrade to one of the models this year."
According to Counterpoint, Apple sold 1.7 million iPhones in India between
October 2014 and September 2015, the company's financial year, compared with 1.1
million units in the year-earlier period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 08:46 AM EST

iPhone 6s and iPad Pro last-minute rumors

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 244  words


Click for image

It's showtime, folks. Today is undoubtedly Apple's biggest event of the year.
Not only is Apple planning to introduce two new iPhone models, but we'll also be
seeing new iPad models and an arguably game-changing Apple TV.

Earlier this morning, a few last-minute rumors surrounding two new Apple
products emerged.

First up, we have the iPhone 6s. While we've already covered many of the
features we can expect to see in Apple's next-gen iPhones (4K camera, more RAM,
etc.), AppleInsider adds that the device's "Hey Siri" prompt will work without
having to have the iPhone plugged in.

"Referred to as "hotwording," the upcoming iPhone 6s function will work much
like Android's "OK Google" service, which enables hands-free Web searches,
message composition, voice calls, control of general device functions and more,
according to a reliable source familiar with the matter. Apple's Siri provides
similar capabilities, but the device must be connected to a power for "Hey Siri"
voice activation to work.

With the iPhone 6s, "Hey Siri" functionality will always be at the ready.

As for the iPad Pro, well, expect Apple's 12.9-inch iPad to be on the expensive
side. According to 9to5Mac, Apple's upcoming new iPad model will start at $799
with 32GB of storage and no LTE connectivity. At the high end, a 128GB model
with LTE connectivity will set you back $1129, making it more expensive than a
MacBook Air and slightly more affordable than Apple's new MacBook.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 6 receives price cut on Flipkart: Here's how much it costs

BYLINE: DNA Web Team

LENGTH: 209  words


The device is now available on discount!

Flipkart is offering the iPhone 6 at a discounted price. The device (will now be
available at a price of Rs 33,990, down from Rs 36,990 in India.

Those interested can also get up to Rs 22,000 off on exchange. Additionally, you
can get an extra Rs 2,000 off over and above Regular Exchange Value. You can
avail 5 percent off on Axis Bank Buzz Credit Cards and also, flat Rs 3000
cashback on Citi Credit cards.

Last month, Apple slashed prices for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
by up to Rs 22,000. The iPhone 6s (128GB) which was earlier priced at Rs 82,000
will now be available for Rs 60,000. It has received a price cut of Rs 22,000.
It's larger sibling, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB), which was earlier priced at Rs
92,000 will now be available at Rs 70,000. It has received a price cut of Rs
22,000 as well.

The iPhone SE (64GB) which was earlier priced at Rs 49,000 will now be available
for Rs 44,000 in India. It has received a price cut of Rs 5000.

Recently, Apple introduces the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with features like a
new camera system, better battery life, and stereo speakers, two new finishes,
and is the first water and dust resistant iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

Response to 6s Likely to Upset Apple-Cart in India

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 563 words


Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some extent as
bookings for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen short of expectations, said
some of the compa

ny's trade partners.Against a bold target of tripling prebookings for the
devices, which will be available in India

on Friday , these have risen by just 10-15% compared with last year for the
previous models, the partners said. They said buyers expect lower prices online
once the phone becomes widely available.

Thanks to lower online prices, Apple's ambitious sales target for the new
generation of devices could still eventually be met.

Earlier this year, Apple had allowed its distributors to sell at the lowest
price to the ecommerce channel, leading to a surge in sales after having
followed a conservative line that meant all vendors had to hold their rates at
the companymandated level.

Adding to buyers' hesitation on pre-bookings is price. The entry model costs ' .
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch price, said the executives cited above.
"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a wait-and-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands. Leading
cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were

forced to reach out to customers for pre-bookings, unlike the previous year when
demand outstripped supply. The India experience thus far runs counter to the
global scenario -Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones
with more than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch. An
executive at a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been
muted, largely because of high prices.

OFFERING PRICE PROTECTION

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'one-month price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid

the difference. Others have offered instant buyback at 50% of the price for
older iPhone models. These initiatives don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300
models amounting to ' . 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last
year.Expectation of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles
Executive Director K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobile's Managing Director Subhash Chandra
said pre-bookings of the latest iPhones were below expectations. "However,
consumers may want to see the models once they are launched and then may buy,"
he said. Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at midnight on October 16
in India. The company has priced the 6s at ' . 62,000 (16GB), . 72,000 (64GB)
and ' ' . 82,000 (128GB) while the largerscreen 6s Plus will cost ' . 72,000
(16GB), ' . 82,000 (64GB) and . 92,000 (128GB). Pre-bookings ' started at the
beginning of the month. Telecom operators such as Airtel and Vodafone have
partnered Apple this year to offer pre-booking plans. Apple hadn't responded to
emailed queries at press time.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 8:57 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1063 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 8:57 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's
new iPhone;
Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a
dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1063 words


Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of
the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true.

The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an
impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry.

Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the
device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices.

Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB
model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad
Pro.

Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7:

Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September
7.

Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday,
September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday,
September 16.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the
cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will
set you back a whopping £799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem
with it

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to
Apple's website and pre-order it from there.

However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might
be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator.

The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco
Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of
deals and tariffs.

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their
predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling
has a 5.5-inch display.

The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours -
silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black",
(which has a high-gloss look).

The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB
models.

The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have
been false - but there's always next year.

When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest
news about Apple's next smartphone

One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines
from the back of the device.

In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the
metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned
the case to get around this restriction.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to
make the device waterproof.

The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and
work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and
customisable tactile feedback".

In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did
on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it.

Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't
have a headphone socket.

The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into
the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people
who want to hang onto their old headphones.

Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are
available to buy for an additional £159.

These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap,
according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls.

In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound
is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music
in stereo with increased dynamic range.

The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning
the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as
half the power.

This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone
6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer
than iPhone 6s Plus.

Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of
gaming and professional apps.

Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather
than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and
256GB versions.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras.

The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60%
faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the
flash.

The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the
standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up
to 10 times digital zoom for photos.

iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo
effects

Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the
iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from
the foreground to achieve amazing portraits.

In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously
arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras.

Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally
protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre.

That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break
if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming.

Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a
big selling point for people prone to clumsiness.

Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this
is the first time it has released a waterproof phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           January 6, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Cut in iPhone 6s output rocks shares in Apple and its suppliers

BYLINE: Nick Goodway

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 229 words


SHARES in the world's most-valuable company, Apple, and those in many of its
component suppliers, tumbled today on claims that it is cutting production of
its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by 30% for the next three months.

Apple shares closed down 2.5% at $102.71 (£70.16) in after-hours trading on the
Nasdaq market in New York following the report by Japan's Nikkei Asian Review.
It said stocks of the 6s were piling up with retailers, particularly in
developed smartphone markets like Europe and China.

The shares of London-listed Apple suppliers suffered knock-on effects with chip
maker ARM down 3.1%, Imagination Technologies down 1.5%, and Laird off 1.7%. Far
Eastern suppliers of parts for iPhones like Japan Display, LG Display and TDK
Corp saw their shares fall between 3% and 4%.

"This is an eye-opening production cut which speaks to the softer demand that
Apple has seen with 6s out of the gate," said Daniel Ives, senior analyst at FBR
Capital Markets. "Wall Street was bracing for a cut but the magnitude is a bit
more worrisome and speaks to a soft March quarter on the horizon."

Apple declined to comment on the report but one Taiwanese supplier pointed out
that the main iPhone assembler, Foxconn, was allowing workers time off at
Chinese New Year in February whereas it used to pay them overtime to keep
production running through the holiday. @NickGoodway

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wrong number: stocks of the 6s are reported to be piling up with
retailers in Europe and China

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2016 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               September 9, 2015

Here's what Apple will launch today

BYLINE: FPJ Bureau

LENGTH: 148  words


Mumbai : Apple's annual event is going to a big bag of goodies for Apple lovers.
The tech giant is all set to make announcements of new launches like the iPhone
6s, 6s Plus, a set top box and a rumoured 13-inch iPad Pro. The new iOS 9 is
also expected to be unveiled today.

The launch of a new iPhone might come as a disappointment to those who have
recently bought iPhone 6. The new iPhone is expected to be launched at same
price tag of iPhone 6. On the specs front, it will feature ForceTouch display,
Apple Watch-like animated wallpapers, faster A9 processor and Qualcomm-built
cellular chips. The camera is said to be completely overhauled. iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus will boost a 12 mega-pixel rear camera and 5 mega-pixel front camera. The
camera will also support 4k recording. Rumours have also hinted at a possible
pink iPhone, apart from Apple's standard slate grey, silver and gold ones.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 25, 2016

Apple iPhone 7 Release Targeted For Sept. 16, Report Says

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 552 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/CLICK02_appl_072516_ap.jpg

Apple[ticker symb=AAPL] is looking to release its 10th-generation iPhone on
Sept. 16, prominent mobile phone news leaker Evan Blass said Saturday.

Apple was widely expected to launch its iPhone 7 in September, but the
VentureBeat reporter was the first to put a specific date on the release. Apple
usually holds a press event to announce its latest iPhone the week before its
release.

The iPhone 7 is seen as an incremental upgrade to the current iPhone 6S series
handsets. Apple is reportedly saving its big leap forward in innovation for next
year's iPhone 8, which will likely use an OLED screen and have a different
external design.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has been a laggard on the stock market of late. The consumer
electronics manufacturer has an IBD Composite Rating of 28, which puts it in the
lower third of publicly traded companies in key metrics. More information on
Apple is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

The iPhone 7 is already in production, and leaked photos show that it will come
in three models: the 4.7-inch iPhone 7, and two versions with 5.5-inch displays
-- the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. The new high-end Pro model has a
dual-lens rear camera and Smart Connector, which allows connected peripherals to
simultaneously share power and data, Forbes reported. Other Apple watchers
believe the Cupertino, Calif.-based company might decide to release just one
5.5-inch model iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 series is expected to be thinner than the current iPhone 6S models
because Apple is removing the analog headphone jack. People who want to use
headphones with the iPhone 7 will have to use either Bluetooth wireless headsets
or ones that connect to the digital Lightning port, according to media reports.

Apple stock ended the day down 1.3% to 97.34 on the stock market today, near 97
and testing its 50-day moving average.

[ibdchart symbol="aapl" type="daily" size="quarter" position="leftchart" ]

Apple's chief rival Samsung hopes to upstage its foe by launching its
next-generation phablet several weeks earlier. South Korea-based Samsung is
scheduled to unveil its Galaxy Note 7 on Aug. 2. Samsung's last Note smartphone
was the Galaxy Note 5, released last August.

Samsung is skipping the Note 6 and jumping right to the Note 7 to bring its
phablet naming in line with its flagship Galaxy S smartphone portfolio, the
company said.

Slow Smartphone Demand A Headwind

Overall sluggish smartphone demand remains a headwind for both Apple and
Samsung.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich on Monday said a June survey of 4,168 North
American consumers by 451 Research found smartphone buying interest at its
lowest level since 2008.

"The weakness likely extends globally," he said in a research report. Sales
channel checks in China have indicated a further slowdown in handset sales in
the June quarter and relatively weak 4G subscriber additions, Milunovich said.

The iPhone 7 could perform like the iPhone 6S in the U.S., he said.

The 451 Research survey found interest levels in the iPhone 7 similar to last
year's iPhone 6S. Only 8% were "very likely" and 17% "somewhat likely" to buy
the iPhone 7. That compares with a survey in June 2015 where 8% of respondents
were "very likely" and 16% "somewhat likely" to buy the iPhone 6S.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Amdavadi iPhone owners spend upto Rs2 lakh to get devices customised

BYLINE: dna correspondent

LENGTH: 194  words


Ahmedabad: Spending anywhere between Rs60,000 and Rs2 lakh after a smartphone
isn't what every Amdavadi might do! However, there is a bunch of iPhone-loving
Amdavadis for whom splurging huge amounts to get their smart devices
aesthetically customised isn't really a big deal. On the midnight of October 16,
several Amdavadis queued up before mobile phone shops, electronics retailers and
Apple stores across the city to their iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which are priced
from Rs62,000 and goes up to Rs92,000.

A city-based mobile phone dealer, Vaishal Shah, said, "People spend an
additional Rs60,000 apart from the cost of the phone to get their devices
studded with diamonds or get gold plating, rose gold plating, and carbon plating
on the body of the phone."

Shah claims to have sold around 88 iPhone 6s and 6s plus which were
aesthetically customised. Even though these devices are iPhones, they are not
covered under warranty by Apple. Instead, the Swiss company which customizes the
iPhones provides buyers with a year-long warranty.

Shah claims that he is the only dealer of such customised iPhones in Gujarat. He
claims to sell around four to five devices each month.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone's India Launch a Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 586 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold

in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration,
customers can choose to buy the phones through an ecommerce partner or at
Vodafone's retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on instalments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said.The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the

company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed broadband
services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone users,"
said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
"Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which together generated
over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a strong fiscal for Apple in
India."

Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007, ignored India for a long time and
increased its focus on the market only over the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of ' . 300 crore.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Bigger iPad announced at Apple 'monster' event

LENGTH: 418  words


The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPhone 6s release date during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple Pencil is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

A new Apple iPhone 6S and Apple Watch in the new matching rose gold color are
displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPad Pro and keyboard are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple TV is displayed during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

The new Apple iPad Pro is displayed during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the new iPad Pro's accessory pricing during an Apple media event in San
Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Eddie Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services,
discusses Apple TV pricing during an Apple media event in San Francisco,
California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, speaks
about the live photo capability for new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California, September 9,
2015.[Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/82/144184335924.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b084050.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/144184336238.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083f4e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/40/144184336583.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083743.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/144184336902.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083844.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/144184337239.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083945.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/3/144184337675.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083946.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/144184338005.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083a47.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/31/144184338309.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083b48.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/144184338629.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083c4a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/19/144184338968.jpg

b083fe955b6c175b083e4c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Bankers Healthcare Group Announces Apple Pay for BHG Power MasterCard

LENGTH: 290  words


Oct. 6 -- Bankers Healthcare Group, the leading provider of financial solutions
for healthcare professionals, is pleased to announce that its BHG Power
MasterCard personal credit cardholders can now use Apple Pay, the easy, secure
and private way to pay.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you add a credit or debit
card to Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code, instead of using the
security code from the back of your card.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by their BHG Power MasterCard personal credit card.
In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch, as well
as iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, upon availability.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus, iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 3, as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPad
Pro, upon availability.

"We're excited to offer Apple Pay to our BHG Power MasterCard personal
cardholders," said BHG President Bob Castro. "Now, our cardholders will enjoy
the benefits of safe, simple Apple Pay transactions."

For more information on Apple Pay, including how to set up and use the service,
visit http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/.

Source: Bankers Healthcare Group

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Publishers Newswire

                           March 8, 2016 6:30 AM EST

iMyfone Upgrades iPhone Data Recovery Software with Kik Messages Recovery
Support

BYLINE: Angela Polchat-Ferris

LENGTH: 440  words


iMyfone, one of the world's leading software vendors, announced the new upgrade
of iMyfone D-Back iPhone Data Recovery with Kik Data Recovery supported. With
the latest version of iMyfone D-Back Data Recovery for iPhone, you can find and
retrieve deleted kik messages on iPhone (iPhone 6s/6s plus included). iMyfone
D-Back iPhone Data Recovery is the world's No.1 program that recovers Kik
messages for iPhone users.



With four recovery modes, iMyfone D-Back iPhone Data Recovery Expert can scan
your iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch, iTunes backups or iCloud backups thoroughly to
detect and restore your lost files, including text messages, iMessages, photos,
videos, contacts, call history, notes, WhatsApp messages, Kik messages, Skype
messages and more. In this upgrade, iMyfone optimizes the program to recover
lost Kik messages from iPhone to meet customer's needs.

"As an iPhone Data Recovery Expert, we have been dedicated to providing better
data recovery for iPhone service to our customers. And today we are thrilled to
bring the new version with Kik recovery supported and stability improvements,"
said Dean Huang, iMyfone's CEO. "With the new version, people can finally get
their lost Kik messages back."

The updated iMyfone D-Back iPhone Data Recovery Mac can support 22+ file types
recovery on all iOS devices that running on iOS 7 or later.

What's New in the latest iMyfone D-Back Data Recovery for iPhone:

1. Supports to recover lost/deleted Kik messages;

2. Added Germany interface;

3. Optimized the recovery process;

4. Fixed some minor bugs;

Key features of iMyfone D-Back Data Recovery for iPhone:

1. Four recovery modes: Smart recovery, recover from iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch,
recover from iTunes backup and recover from iCloud backup;

2. Support to recover 22+ files types like text messages, iMessages, photos,
contacts, WhatsApp messages, Kik messages, WeChat messages etc.;

3. Recover various files from all models of iPhone including the latest iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus etc.

4. Both Windows and Mac version are available.

Pricing and Availability:

The updated iMyfone D-Back iPhone Data Recovery Expert is available today
through iMyfone official store (www.imyfone.com). The original price is $69.95,
now you can get it for $39.95 only with the new upgrade promotion.

About iMyfone:

iMyfone Technology is a vibrant professional software developer that specializes
and focuses on developing useful mobile utility software which offers relevant
help to users of iOS devices. iMyfone Technology offers approved products and
services for their customers.

For more information, please visit iMyfone homepage: http://www.imyfone.com/.

Twitter: @imyfone

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


         Copyright 2016 Publishers Newswire, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone's India launch a bigger affair this time

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as
vendor partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6S launch in India
a blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
installments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.

India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration, customers
can choose to buy the phones through an e-commerce partner or at Vodafone's
retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on installments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalized
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus," the company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed
broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex.

"It continues to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban
smartphone users," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India." Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007,
ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only over
the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of Rs 300 crore.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 7, 2016

Apple losing its 'edge' as iPhone sales nosedive

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 529  words


Less than six months after Apple debuted its latest series of iPhones, the
company is cutting production because of lackluster sales.

An iPhone 6s buyer at the Apple Inc retail outlet in Zhengzhou, capital of Henan
province.[Photo/China Daily]

Less than six months after Apple Inc debuted its latest series of iPhones, the
United States company is cutting production because of lackluster sales.

Analysts said iPhone shipments in China, Apple's biggest market, are set to fall
in the coming months.

James Yan, a Beijing-based smartphone analyst with IDC China, said shipments for
January will face "a significant slump" in the country compared with a year ago,
when the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were the flagship devices.

"The first quarter shipments will be greatly lower than a year ago as well," Yan
said, adding buyers are already looking to the next-generation device.

Yan's comments came after a Nikkei report said that Apple is reducing output of
the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus models by about 30 percent in the first quarter
compared with its original plans. Though retailers will get a chance to clear
out pending inventories, suppliers may see steep cuts in orders.

Stocks of Apple and its major suppliers, such as Sharp Corp and Pegatron Corp
fell on Wednesday while Chinese mainland suppliers stayed afloat as the
country's stock market advanced.

Apple did not comment on the matter.

Nicole Peng, director of Canalys China based in Shanghai, said the scale back
will have a limited impact on Chinese suppliers as many of them have tied up
with local smartphone companies.

"The production cut will hurt the confidence of the channel and supply chain ...
But (many Chinese suppliers) are already partners with firms such as Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd and vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd which are
focusing on high-end products," Peng said.

"2016 will be a challenging year (for Apple)," she said.

Apple was the biggest smartphone vendor in China during the first quarter of
last year, shipping 14.5 million devices thanks to the strong adoption rate of
the iPhone 6 series that were compatible with the newly launched
fourth-generation telecom technology. Its market share was quickly eroded by
Huawei and Xiaomi Corp as the Chinese firms released cheaper, but good-quality
handsets.

Weaker-than-expected iPhone 6S and 6S Plus sales saw Apple jostling with smaller
local vendors such as vivo and OPPO in the third-quarter of 2015 while Xiaomi
and Huawei clinched the top two spots, according to IHS Technology, another
research firm.

The US company is opening bricks-and-mortar stores in smaller Chinese cities and
announced plans to introduce mobile payment service Apple Pay to China in a bid
to lift its presence in the market.

But rapid advance of local players in the above 3,000 yuan ($457) segment pulled
down Apple's market share.

According to data from China Academy of Telecommunications Research, overseas
smartphones accounted for just 17 percent of the total handset shipments in
China during November. Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd were the only big
foreign firms in the list.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/69/145215942672.jpg

f8bc126d980d17f7e87803.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple losing its 'edge' as iPhone sales nosedive

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 529  words


Less than six months after Apple debuted its latest series of iPhones, the
company is cutting production because of lackluster sales.

An iPhone 6s buyer at the Apple Inc retail outlet in Zhengzhou, capital of Henan
province.[Photo/China Daily]

Less than six months after Apple Inc debuted its latest series of iPhones, the
United States company is cutting production because of lackluster sales.

Analysts said iPhone shipments in China, Apple's biggest market, are set to fall
in the coming months.

James Yan, a Beijing-based smartphone analyst with IDC China, said shipments for
January will face "a significant slump" in the country compared with a year ago,
when the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were the flagship devices.

"The first quarter shipments will be greatly lower than a year ago as well," Yan
said, adding buyers are already looking to the next-generation device.

Yan's comments came after a Nikkei report said that Apple is reducing output of
the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus models by about 30 percent in the first quarter
compared with its original plans. Though retailers will get a chance to clear
out pending inventories, suppliers may see steep cuts in orders.

Stocks of Apple and its major suppliers, such as Sharp Corp and Pegatron Corp
fell on Wednesday while Chinese mainland suppliers stayed afloat as the
country's stock market advanced.

Apple did not comment on the matter.

Nicole Peng, director of Canalys China based in Shanghai, said the scale back
will have a limited impact on Chinese suppliers as many of them have tied up
with local smartphone companies.

"The production cut will hurt the confidence of the channel and supply chain ...
But (many Chinese suppliers) are already partners with firms such as Huawei
Technologies Co Ltd and vivo Mobile Communication Technology Co Ltd which are
focusing on high-end products," Peng said.

"2016 will be a challenging year (for Apple)," she said.

Apple was the biggest smartphone vendor in China during the first quarter of
last year, shipping 14.5 million devices thanks to the strong adoption rate of
the iPhone 6 series that were compatible with the newly launched
fourth-generation telecom technology. Its market share was quickly eroded by
Huawei and Xiaomi Corp as the Chinese firms released cheaper, but good-quality
handsets.

Weaker-than-expected iPhone 6S and 6S Plus sales saw Apple jostling with smaller
local vendors such as vivo and OPPO in the third-quarter of 2015 while Xiaomi
and Huawei clinched the top two spots, according to IHS Technology, another
research firm.

The US company is opening bricks-and-mortar stores in smaller Chinese cities and
announced plans to introduce mobile payment service Apple Pay to China in a bid
to lift its presence in the market.

But rapid advance of local players in the above 3,000 yuan ($457) segment pulled
down Apple's market share.

According to data from China Academy of Telecommunications Research, overseas
smartphones accounted for just 17 percent of the total handset shipments in
China during November. Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd were the only big
foreign firms in the list.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/69/145213428628.jpg

f8bc126d980d17f7e87803.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

First impressions of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus;
Identical in size to last year's, these new models are speedy but have smaller
batteries

BYLINE: Raju Mudhar Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 537 words


Like clockwork, September brings lineups at the Apple Store as the company
launches its latest iPhones. With the addition of the "S" to the newest phones
signalling that this year's model offers incremental improvements as opposed to
revolutionary changes, and with many under the hood changes and the new addition
of the 3D-Touch feature, there's plenty of interesting new things in Apple land.

Here are five first impressions after getting the new phones up and running:

1. The I stands for identical: Other than the new rose gold colour, both new 6s
and 6s Plus are almost identical to last year's models. The phones are slightly
heavier as well and, while the inner components have been given an overhaul,
from outer appearances everything remains the same. The one knock on the body
design is that the rounded edges make it fairly slippery and, like last year's
models, these iPhones absolutely require cases. Although, if you are upgrading
from last year's phones, your cases will still fit.

2. Speed kills, man: I have never thought of my iPhone 6 Plus as slow, but in
side-by-side comparison, the upgraded processor and other components show the 6s
Plus is definitely faster in opening up apps and refreshing information, such as
Twitter or Facebook's news feed. To be honest, compared to last year's phone, it
is often a few seconds faster, but if you are upgrading from an older phone,
this might be the single best overall - and impressive - improvement.

3. You got the touch: I was skeptical about 3D touch from Apple's launch
presentation but, along with iOS 9 improvements, it is an extremely handy new
input method. Basically, the new phones' screens can tell if you press harder on
the screen, and when you do, Apple has put in some new commands.

It works well in Apple apps such as mail, messages and Safari, but will be
showing up in third party apps now that the new devices have launched. If you
hold down, it provides a preview of the email or webpage referred to as "peek."
You can them "pop" it to full screen. There are usually other commands if you
slide to the right or left. It sounds confusing, but it really is quite
intuitive to use.

4. Apple reinvents the GIF: Live Photos are also a new edition to the phones. If
you enable it in the camera, it will automatically record a second of time after
you take the shot, creating a slightly animated photo that people have been
saying is reminiscent of the magic photos in the Harry Potter books. The one
drawback is that photos tend to be twice the size. I initially thought it's a
bit goofy, but kids will love it and I can't wait to try it in a setting with
cool action, such as a sporting event.

5. Smaller batteries: While I generally prefer the smaller size of the 6 and 6s,
I had issues with the battery. It wouldn't last a day and I was always lugging
around a charger. Both the 6s and 6s Plus have smaller batteries than last year.
The numbers seem negligible - the 6 has 1810 mAh compared to the 6s 1715 mAh,
and the 6 Plus has 2915 mAh battery versus the 6s Plus 2750 mAh. The smaller
batteries were reportedly necessary to fit in other components, but if battery
life is really important to you, it is still better to go with the bigger phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 18, 2016 Monday 10:23 AM GMT

Apple admits iPhone 6S and 6S Plus battery meters misleading;
Company acknowledges clock bug which causes meter to display wrong percentage
charge when date and time settings altered

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 254 words


Apple has admitted to a bug with its smartphone battery meter that could see the
iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus displaying a higher charge than the phone actually
has.

The error means that the battery meter fails to update the percentage displayed,
leading to some iPhones shutting down while still displaying full charge.

According to Apple, the bug appears when users manually change the time on their
iPhones or move between time zones, something a user might do if changing the
clock for daylight savings or while travelling.

The company said it was working on a fix, but that in the meantime users should
first restart their iPhones, then enable the automatic time setting within the
"Date & Time" settings.

The iPhone-maker has a history of bugs linked to its time and date settings. For
several years a bug with the smartphone's automatic daylight savings
adjustmentbroke alarms, leaving some users late for work. Daylight savings was
also to blame for a do not disturb bug in 2013, while a bug in the iPhone's text
handling found last year meant anyone could instantly crash the smartphone with
an SMS message.

Apple is currently testing a new version of its iOS software that could fix the
issue. The iOS 9.3 update, released in public beta to testers, will fix bugs and
add a few new features including a night mode that filters out blue light to
help users sleep and the ability to pair multiple Apple Watches with a single
iPhone.


     ·    Tim Cook defends Apple iPhone Smart Battery Case, says it's not a
          'hump'


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Apple enjoys record year but iPhone sales miss target

LENGTH: 225  words


Technology giant Apple sold 48 million iPhones in the last three months,
slightly lower than analysts expected, but the company still recorded a profit
of $11.1 billion (£7.2bn) in its latest financial results.

The firm saw revenue climb from $42.1bn this time last year to $51.1bn, with
profit up by $2.6bn.

The 48 million iPhones sold includes early sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus,
which went on sale in September, but once again Apple Watch sales numbers were
not disclosed.

Chief executive Tim Cook said: "Fiscal 2015 was Apple's most successful year
ever, with revenue growing 28 per cent to nearly $234bn. This continued success
is the result of our commitment to making the best, most innovative products on
earth, and it's a testament to the tremendous execution by our teams.

"We are heading into the holidays with our strongest product line-up yet,
including iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple Watch with an expanded line-up of
cases and bands, the new iPad Pro and the all-new Apple TV which begins shipping
this week."

The importance of the Chinese market was also shown in the results, as it was
the biggest market for Apple outside of the US, bringing in $12bn in revenue, a
rise of 99 per cent in one year.

Sales of iPads continued to steadily decline, with Apple reporting 9.8 million
units sold, down 20 per cent on this time last year.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

iPhone 5se price tag could be amazingly cheap and feature a 12MP camera

LENGTH: 353  words


By tbreak Staff -

While we have known for a long time that iPhone 5se and iPad Air 3 are going to
be released during the month of March, we have not got around to the price tag
that will be surrounding the 4 inch smartphone. The iPhone 5se price tag has
been somewhat of a mystery but thanks to the efforts of KGI, they have given us
a fair detail of what to expect in terms of the iPhone 5se price variable.

It states that iPhone 5se will be priced around $400-$500, and this could
possibly mean that the smallest storage option, which will most likely be a 16GB
one will carry a price of $400, while the $500 price could belong to the 64GB
storage version. iPhone 5s, the company's previous generation smartphone with a
4 inch screen currently carries a price of $450, and according to KGI, that
pricing is going to be reduced even further, showing that Apple might be putting
in an extra to get rid of this version once and for all.

In terms of internal specs, the phone is said to come with A9 and M9 chips from
the iPhone 6s, the ability to take Live Photos, and an NFC chip that can be used
for effortlessly making transactions through Apple Pay. In terms of aesthetics,
iPhone 5se is said to look the same as iPhone 6s, with the obvious difference
between them being the screen size and of course the battery capacity.

According to a new report, Apple is planning to start selling the iPhone 5se and
iPad Air 3 on March 18th, although these plans could change within the next 30
days, this current two day turnaround time is incredibly fast for Apple, or any
other phone manufacturer for that matter.

In short, it is expected that you will be able to experience the same level of
firepower from a 4 inch iPhone as that displayed by iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
and it will targeted to those who display an active penchant towards smaller
smartphones. After all, not all mobile handset consumers can be expected to
carry around phablet sized devices.

9to5Mac

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145665309182.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/91/145665309257.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/67/145665309278.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Sutton Coldfield Observer

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 42-43

LENGTH: 432  words


T he iPhone regained its supremacy in the smartphone world in 2014 with its
sleek and slick '6' model (its seventh iteration). And usually this gadget
inspector's take is to skip the 's' version in alternate years. The 's' iPhones
have an upgraded processor here, a better camera there, but they are largely to
the same design as their predecessor, with little to justify a swap.

But with the iPhone 6s, Apple has delivered tangible upgrades to its flagship
device, including a feature you simply won't find elsewhere.

The 6s introduces 3D Touch - like Force Touch on the Apple Watch - allowing
different levels of interactions depending on how hard you press. Take the Phone
app, a light tap opens it as normal but a deeper press gives options to quickly
tap a contact and start dialling or create a new contact. With Mail you can
select your email box, VIP contacts, search or go straight to writing a new
email. Neat interactions that  save time, making the iPhone more immersive.

The 6s sports the same design as the 6 but it is a fraction higher, wider and
deeper and weighs a noticeable 10 per cent more. It has the same 326 PPI screen
and a faster A9 chip,  speedier than the 6's A8.

A noticeable upgrade is the fingerprint scanner - it was so quick that I
wondered if I'd entered any security settings!

The cameras have also been given a pixels boost - the rear-facing snapper is now
12MP (from 8), with slightly smaller pixels, meaning  low light performance
isn't quite as good. The new phone is  capable of taking Live Photos - which
record 1.5 seconds of video either side of your still image - 'bringing photos
to life' but gimmicky. The front-facing camera has had a huge upgrade from 1.2MP
to 5MP, pleasing selfie snappers (like this one!). The screen now also acts as a
makeshift flash too. The iPhone 6s sports Apple's new iOS 9 software with a new
News app, improved Notes (to rival Google's Keep) and more functionality to
voice assistant Siri. Oh it also now comes in Rose Gold! The battery, although
fractionally smaller than the 6's, lasts about the same time.

Pros:· 3D Touch, better cameras (bar pixel size), faster fingerprint scanner.

Cons:· Screen resolution still falls behind the 6s' flagship opposition.

Verdict: iPhone 6s is less of an iterative upgrade and more of  a seminal one
with 3D Touch adding an extra layer of interactivity, a pixels boost aiding
photography (most of the time) and the finest smartphone software, with just the
screen sharpness falling behind rivals. Price from free on contract & £539 to
£699 16GB to 128GB. www.apple.com/uk

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 29, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's New iPhone 6S has 90% Faster Graphics than Its Predecessors, says Apple

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 262  words


Apple, the American multinational technology company on September 9 launched its
latest iPhones i.e. the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The handset made available to
customers for purchase on Friday has 90% faster graphics, said Apple.

This year's release is the second generation to feature the 4.7-in and 5.5-in
displays. As per gadget experts these new handsets are slightly larger and
heavier, but look very similar to their predecessors.

This year the company has launched a new color for the iPhones i.e. the 'Rose
Gold' color. Apart from their appearance, the iPhone 6S models are very
different from the once previously launched by the company.

The company in the new models has used of a new 7000 Series aluminum alloy to
help create a sturdier, less bendable casing to updated cameras, a faster Touch
ID system, and pressure-sensitive multitouch display.

Apple has said that it hopes that early sale of its new handsets will break past
records. They said that the new iPhonesare faster due to the improvements in
custom-built A9 processor and the increase from 1GB of internal memory to 2GB.

Apple says the new chip is 70% faster than last year's, and graphics are 90%
faster. It certainly feels like it in routine use. The pressure-sensitive
display, one of the real advances in this year's models is supported by clever
software built into iOS 9, which allowed Apple to introduce 3D Touch.

Apart from usual swiping and tapping on the screen there is much more in this
year's handsets. A light press brings up one set of options; a firmer press
'Pop' opens even more options.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     January 6, 2016 Wednesday 10:36 AM GMT

Apple 'expected to cut production of iPhones 6S and 6S Plus by 30%'

BYLINE: NICK GOODWAY

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 239 words


Shares in the world's most-valuable company, Apple, and those in many of its
component suppliers, have tumbled on claims that it is cutting production of its
latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by 30% for the next three months.

Apple shares closed down 2.5% at $102.71 (£70.16) in after-hours trading on the
Nasdaq market in New York following the report by Japan's Nikkei Asian Review.

It said stocks of the 6s were piling up with retailers, particularly in
developed smartphone markets like Europe and China.

The shares of London-listed Apple suppliers suffered knock-on effects with chip
maker ARM down 3.1%, Imagination Technologies down 1.5%, and Laird off 1.7%.

Far Eastern suppliers of parts for iPhones like Japan Display, LG Display and
TDK Corp saw their shares fall between 3% and 4%.

Read more

Smartphone demand is on the wane as consumers shun 'glitzy gadgets'

"This is an eye-opening production cut which speaks to the softer demand that
Apple has seen with 6s out of the gate," said Daniel Ives, senior analyst at FBR
Capital Markets.

"The street was bracing for a cut, but the magnitude is a bit more worrisome and
speaks to a soft March quarter on the horizon."

Apple declined to comment on the report but one Taiwanese supplier pointed out
that the main iPhone assembler, Foxconn, was allowing workers time off at
Chinese New Year in February whereas it used to pay them overtime to keep
production running through the holiday.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

U.S. Bank Adds Apple Pay® to Its U.S. Bank FlexPerks® American Express® Credit
Cards

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 MINNEAPOLIS:The convenience, simplicity and security of Apple Pay are now
available to customers who use U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards.
 "Enabling Apple Pay for our U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cardmembers
continues our efforts to give customers choices in how they manage payments, as
well as providing them an easy, secure and private way to pay," said Cliff Cook,
senior vice president for the U.S. Bank retail credit-card division. "As one of
the leaders in mobile payments, we continue investing in innovation to better
serve our customers today and anticipate their needs for tomorrow."
 Apple Pay is now available with the:




  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Reserve American Express Card.

  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Travel Rewards American Express Card.

  U.S. Bank FlexPerks Select+ American Express Card.

 With this announcement, all U.S. Bank credit and debit cards (consumer and
small business) work with Apple Pay. With Apple Pay, card numbers are not stored
on the device; instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element. If the device is lost or stolen, it's
easy to quickly suspend the device and stop the ability to make purchases.
 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by their U.S. Bank American Express Card. In
stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch. When online shopping in apps, accepting Apple Pay is as simple
as the touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out
lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                     January 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

US Bank Adds Apple Pay to Its US Bank FlexPerks American Express Credit Cards

LENGTH: 337  words


Jan. 20 -- The convenience, simplicity and security of Apple Pay are now
available to customers who use U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards.

"Enabling Apple Pay for our U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cardmembers
continues our efforts to give customers choices in how they manage payments, as
well as providing them an easy, secure and private way to pay," said Cliff Cook,
senior vice president for the U.S. Bank retail credit-card division. "As one of
the leaders in mobile payments, we continue investing in innovation to better
serve our customers today and anticipate their needs for tomorrow."

Apple Pay is now available with the:

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Reserve American Express Card.

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Travel Rewards American Express Card.

* U.S. Bank FlexPerks Select+ American Express Card.

With this announcement, all U.S. Bank credit and debit cards (consumer and small
business) work with Apple Pay. With Apple Pay, card numbers are not stored on
the device; instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and
securely stored in the Secure Element. If the device is lost or stolen, it's
easy to quickly suspend the device and stop the ability to make purchases.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by their U.S. Bank American Express Card. In
stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch. When online shopping in apps, accepting Apple Pay is as simple
as the touch of a finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out
lengthy account forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information.
When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3,
iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information about using the U.S. Bank FlexPerks American Express Cards
and Apple Pay visit http://www.usbankgomobile.com/wallet and
www.apple.com/apple-pay.

Source: US Bank

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       June 14, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

HSBC Brings Apple Pay to Hong Kong Customers

LENGTH: 314  words


June 14 -- HSBC will bring its Hong Kong customers Apple Pay, which transforms
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient, this summer. HSBC Visa and MasterCard cardholders will be able to
make payments conveniently using Apple Pay.

Greg Hingston, Head of Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Hong Kong, HSBC
said, "Innovative technology is bringing a wide range of benefits to retail
banking customers, changing the ways that they use banking services. We are
excited to be among the first banks in Hong Kong to enable our customers to use
Apple Pay, which provides customers with a fast, easy and secure way to complete
everyday shopping. As always, we are committed to providing simpler, better and
faster services for our customers, and offering Apple Pay is a great example of
that commitment."

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit card
with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on
Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorised with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit cards. In participating stores, Apple Pay
works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE and
Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: www.apple.com/hk/en/apple-pay/

Source: HSBC

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     January 6, 2016 Wednesday 10:26 AM GMT

Apple 'expected to cut production of iPhones 6S and 6S Plus by 30%' amid
lacklustre sales

BYLINE: Clare Hutchison

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 264 words


Apple suppliers are bracing for a possible 30% cut in production of the iPhone
6s and 6S Plus as inventories of the smartphone pile up.

Asian companies that make parts for the devices told Japanese financial
newspaper Nikkei that they expected Apple would change its plans to keep
production of the devices at the same level that its predecessors - the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus - were at a year earlier.

Sales of the devices, which were launched in September, hit a record 13 million
in their first three days on the market, but it is thought demand has since
tailed off.

Research from Accenture indicates that smartphone demand in general is on the
wane: 48% of the 28,000 consumers it polled said they planned to buy a
smartphone this year, down six percentage points on last year.

Nikkei said the 6S and 6S Plus were still well-stocked in retailers across
China, Japan, Europe and the US as customers found they were little improved
from the earlier versions. The strong dollar was also weighing as prices leapt
in emerging markets.

Read more

Smartphone demand is on the wane as consumers shun 'glitzy gadgets'

However, Analyst Daniel Ives of FBR & Co has said the fears about the effects of
the sales slowdown as well as the economic woes of key market China on Apple are
overblown.

He acknowledged it was a "turbulent" time for the company, but believes the
company will still hit forecasts for iPhone sales.

Nevertheless, the Nikkei report hit the shares of UK company ARM which provides
chips for the phones. It was down 3.5% at 968p and was one of the FTSE 100's
biggest losers in early trading.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6S, 6S Plus pre-bookings begin across India, retail chains line up
freebies

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 220 words


NEW DELHI: For those waiting to get their hands on the latest iPhone, here's
some news... Pre-bookings have begun at major retail chains across the country.

The MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain said Thursday that it
will begin pre-bookings from Friday, October 2 and will offer consumers EMI
options among other freebies. Another retail chain rival UniverCell said it
started pre-bookings already and has managed to get a minimum of 100 orders
within day.

Mumbai-based The Mobile Store has over 800 outlets across India which will begin
taking pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each, which will end by October 13, a couple of
days before the phones become available for purchase on intervening night of
October 15 and 16.

Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles will go the extra mile of offering an upgrade
program to existing customers besides offering finance schemes and EMI offers to
new customers.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of UniverCell Mobiles. "We will also offer freebies like back case
and accessories during booking period," he added.

According to retail trade sources, the price of a 16 GB variant of iPhone 6s is
said to be around Rs 62,000 and the iPhone 6s Plus with the same storage would
cost Rs 72,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 14, 2015 Monday
                               Bangalore Edition

Apple Cuts Price of iPhone 5s Again

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 414 words


Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the third time
in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September levels, in a bid
to shore up sales as demand for flagships iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has nosedived
after Diwali. iPhone 5s prices now starts at ' . 24,999, down from . 44,500 in
September.' This makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest globally,
despite the depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India among
markets where Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

"iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales has again dampened after a brief period of pick up
during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of iPhone
5s," a senior executive with a leading retail chain said.

"This is interesting since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian
market and companies seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models," he
said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dussehra in October and then
again before Diwali in November.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time Sunday .
According to trade sources, the

US tech giant's latest move is triggered by its plans to double India sales in
the crucial October-December quarter, a high sales period for App le globally as
it's the

launch period of new iPhones.

"The $250-400 '27,000) pri '16,000\xAD.(.ce band is where Apple wants to focus
its energies in India since they

want to lock in more consumers into their eco-system which would build up a base
for upgradation when newer iPhones are launched and also since Indian consumers
find the latest iPhone model prices higher," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom
analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase. He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model.

Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete better with top smartphone
maker Samsung.

"Samsung's A and E series smartphones are operating in this price band, but the
Korean firm has not yet launched any newer models in these segments, hence Apple
can significantly gain share this quarter," a senior executive with a leading
cellphone chain said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Apple on track to beat last year's first weekend sales record

LENGTH: 147 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 15 -- Apple, Inc. is set to shatter last year's record for first
weekend sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, when sales broke the 10 million mark
within just three days of its sales launch on September 19, 2014.

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world. We are on pace to
beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the new iPhones go on
sale Sept. 25," the company said.

Last week, the Cupertino, California-based tech giant unveiled its iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus smartphones with a faster processor, new 3D touch capabilities
and an improved camera.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2015 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

To Keep Winning Customers, Apple Breaks Its Own Taboos

BYLINE: By KATIE BENNER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1066 words


SAN FRANCISCO --  As it nears a size and scope never before approached by a
technology company, Apple is doing things its executives said it never would.

Apple's co-founder, Steven P. Jobs, once announced that using a stylus with a
computing device was passé. But guess what? The company is now offering a
stylus, called Apple Pencil, for $100.

And in a move sure to make Apple old-timers squirm, the newest version of the
iPad, which has an optional keyboard that attaches to the tablet, is even
imitating some of the features of Microsoft's competing product, called the
Surface.

Together, the tablet, stylus and keyboard make for a combination computing
device that Apple executives had long said that they wouldn't create, perhaps
indicating the people running the company today are willing to forget about the
past as they try to cater to shifting consumer tastes.

But the center of this ever-expanding Silicon Valley giant is still the iPhone,
which accounts for 56 percent of Apple's profits. And in a presentation that
lasted more than two hours on Wednesday at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium
here, Apple executives emphasized several new iPhone features that -- despite
other announcements, ranging from an improved version of the company's
television controller to chic watchbands -- are still the key to Apple's
success.

''Investors have been rewarded by assuming Apple can continually push the
envelope on what a phone and the company can do,'' said Michael A. Sansoterra,
the chief investment officer at Silvant Capital Management, which owns Apple
stock.

Because of the first iteration of the larger-screen iPhone 6 introduced last
year, Apple's fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, when the company had an $18 billion
profit, was the most profitable quarter ever for a publicly traded company.

But meeting expectations is becoming a bigger challenge. In its most recent
quarter, Apple posted quarterly revenue of $49.6 billion and a $10.7 billion
profit; iPhone revenue was up 59 percent from the previous year. But those
results still fell short of Wall Street estimates, and Apple's share price
tumbled 4 percent in the following day of trading.

Apple will hit this holiday shopping season with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus,
which include an upgraded, 12-megapixel camera and a new capability called 3D
Touch. It can sense how hard a user is pressing a button, allowing for easier
access to different menus and information. It also gives users tactile feedback
when they touch their screens. Pressure-sensitive touch screens are already
available on the Apple Watch and in the trackpad of the new MacBook.

The new iPhones will also come in a rose-gold finish, with a new glass that the
company describes as the strongest in the industry.

The phone's touch ID sensor has been upgraded, and the phone will feature iOS 9,
the newest version of Apple's mobile operating system.

The new iPhone 6S will cost $200, and the iPhone 6S Plus will cost $300 with a
phone contract. Prices for previous versions of the iPhone will drop by $100.

Apple introduced its own payment plan. Starting at $32 a month, customers can
upgrade their phones every year if they buy them through Apple. The new phones
will be available in 12 countries, including the United States, on Sept. 25.
They will be available to order starting Sept. 12.

But as was clear in the presentation on Wednesday, Apple is aggressively
courting customers with other product lines as it competes with competitors like
Microsoft, Samsung and Google to become the centerpiece of Internet-connected
home entertainment systems.

''Apple gets a lot of credit for being innovators, but it's about how they
execute and improve on what already exists,'' said Tuong Huy Nguyen, a Gartner
analyst. ''Everyone uses the same ingredients, but a great chef can use them to
make a better meal.''

The makeover of the iPad is reminiscent of Apple's decision last year to
introduce the larger-screen phones, a move that many also had said the company
would never make.

Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief executive, called the new iPad Pro ''the most
capable'' tablet the company has ever created. With a larger screen and optional
keyboard, it becomes a device that is meant to be useful for both the creation
and consumption of content.

''It makes sense for Apple to reveal a new keyboard along with new,
larger-screen iPads with faster processors,'' said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst
at Sanford C. Bernstein. ''The message being that Apple is trying to push the
iPad to be more of a PC replacement, a converged device of a tablet notebook
that has broader computing powers.''

But starting at $800 (not including the optional $170 keyboard and the $100
stylus), it is much more expensive than earlier iPads.

Mr. Sacconaghi added that Apple had long rejected the idea that it would create
such a device, but now some of the pieces are in place. The new iPad runs
Microsoft Office software and has a faster processor so it can handle more
complex computing tasks.

Mr. Cook also presented a new, enhanced Apple TV, which represents the company's
most ambitious effort yet to become the focal point of home entertainment
systems. Apple TV already streams videos and music. Now it is set to offer video
games, shopping and travel tools through an expanded array of apps.

''Our vision for TV is simple,'' Mr. Cook said. ''We believe the future of
television is apps.''

The new version of Apple TV also includes a remote control that could be used as
a video game controller. The product now comes with a higher price tag that
starts at $150, up from $70, indicating that the company is betting that
consumers will think all of the new features are worth the higher price.

Jeff Williams, Apple's senior vice president of operations, also talked about
improvements to the Apple Watch, including a number of new apps like Facebook
Messenger and AirStrip, a health care app that lets doctors coordinate patient
care and monitor health data.

Drawing all of these devices together is Apple's voice assistant technology,
called Siri, with improved search capabilities that were prominently displayed
throughout the event, especially on the new Apple TV.

''The market will decide whether it's a good idea for Apple to do things that it
has said it wouldn't or that people don't think it should,'' said Mr. Nguyen.
''So far the market has liked it.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/10/technology/apple-tv-iphone-6s.html

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief, onstage at the company's product
presentation on Wednesday in San Francisco. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSH EDELSON/AGENCE
FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A cheaper deal may be what's needed to get tills ringing too

BYLINE: MADHUMITA MURGIA

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 345 words


APPLE has launched its cheapest-ever iPhone, the SE - with a 4in screen. Bucking
a growing market trend of "bigger is better", the Cupertino giant is betting
that its new iPhone will pack as much of a punch as its flagship 4.7in iPhone 6S
and 5.5-in 6S Plus, albeit in a more compact package.

It would seem that Apple is flying in the face of what current smartphone trends
dictate. According to analytics company Nielsen, the market share for "phablets"
- large phone-tablet hybrids - was just 5.6pc of all non-Apple phones in early
2014, but doubled to 13.7pc in 2015. Meanwhile, research firm Canalys estimates
that devices with screens smaller than 4.5in make up less than 10pc of worldwide
smartphone shipments, less than half of what it was in 2014. So why is Apple is
regressing to the design of its small 2013 iPhone 5S? The key lies at the core
of Apple's business: iPhone sales, which account for about two-thirds of the
company's revenue. In January, despite a record set of results for the last
quarter of 2015, the company predicted the first ever decline in iPhone sales.
The latest iPhone model, last year's 6s, featured less-significant improvements
than its predecessor, and buyers have not been as interested in upgrading.

In fact, Apple chief executive Tim Cook revealed in January that 60pc of iPhone
owners in September 2014 - when the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launched - have not
upgraded to the iPhones 6 or 6S. That means millions of people own a
three-year-old iPhone and could buy a new one. The steep price drop of the £359
iPhone SE will likely appeal to exactly this audience.

It's clear that Apple is also trying to expand its reach, particularly in
pricesensitive markets. In January, Apple announced that iPhone sales in India
rose 76pc year-on-year and it is now opening stores. Apple's Chinese market is
second only to the US by revenue, and Apple holds a third of the country's
competitive smartphone market. The iPhone SE will be an attractive high-end
option for several first-time smartphone users, who Apple will hope to convert
to upgrades.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 4:33 PM GMT

People are queuing up to buy the iPhone 6S already;
Apple won't even be taking pre-orders until Friday, but these eager beavers are
determined to be the first to buy the new devices

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,UK NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


Sydney Apple Store queue

Unhinged Apple fans across the world are already queueing up to buy the new
iPhone 6S.

Apple unveiled their new devices at a huge event in California tonight, but they
won't even start taking pre-orders for them until Friday.

And they won't be in stores for at least a week after that.

Some Brits are not so impressed - two in five say they plan to hold off until
the price dives.

France Apple Store queue

But people are already spotting Apple obsessives pitching tents outside the tech
giant's retail stores.

A reporter for tech website CNET tweeted a picture of a tent pitched outside
Apple's Sydney store last night, before the new devices had even been announced.

And it's not the first time this has happened.

Ten days ahead of the release of the iPhone 6 in 2014, people were queueing up
outside Apple's Regent Street store - in the hope they'd be able to sell their
place in line for cash.

The Hungarian national who claimed the first place in the queue last year hoped
to sell it for £1,000 to fund a business venture.

Apple used their huge event to unveil two new iPhones, as well as a giant iPad
Pro and a new Apple TV.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus follow the company's tradition of releasing a
similarly styled phone every other year, but with upgraded features.

The new range feature a new input method called 3D Touch, which recognises
different levels of pressure on the touch screen.

It also has an upgraded camera and stronger aluminium casing.

Will you buy the new iPhone 6s?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 will be similar to iPhone 6s in design: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


NEW DELHI: Recently some online reports stated that Apple would be refreshing
its iPhone design with the launch of the iPhone 7 this year. The speculations
were supported by the logic that Apple changes the design of its smartphones
every two years. However, according to a new report from The Wall Street
Journal, the iPhone 7 is likely to sport the same design as that of iPhone 6 and
the iPhone 6s models.The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter',
adds that the rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch displays.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.The major design
change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next year would also
mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours suggest the 2017
iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a fingerprint sensor
built over the display. The Home button is said to be completely removed, said
industry sources to the journal. It has also been revealed that one of the
features such as curved screens aren't ready for this year's iPhone model.
However, Apple CEO Tim Cook last month in an interview to CNBC said there is
"great innovation" in the pipeline for the upcoming iPhone devices. "We are
going to give you things that you can't live without that you just don't know
you need today," he said.The industry sources in the report add that Apple's
head of design Jony Ive's desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a single sheet
of glass. The 2017 iPhone design ideas are supposed to move the smartphones in
the same direction.Confirming previous rumours, the report also says that iPhone
7 models will be ditching the 3.5mm headphone jack completely. Users would have
to settle for a lightning connector port, which will also be used to charge the
device. This might not be a welcome change for users as they would either be
able to listen to music or charge their handsets. Doing both simultaneously may
not be possible. Nonetheless, the absence of the 3.5mm headphone jack may result
in a thinner iPhone. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted the
iPhone 7 will be 1mm thinner than the previous model.A separate report by the
Macotara website says that the Cupertino-based tech firm is planning to add a
Navy Blue colour variant in the iPhone lineup. Some concept images have also
been posted on social media websites. In addition, Apple might remove the Space
Gray colour from the series as well. The firm brought Rose Gold colour variant
along with the iPhone 6s.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 10:56 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 7 launch: Here's the whole 2016 event in just 120 seconds;
A new enclosure also means the iPhone 7 Plus is both water and dust resistant
thanks to a 'IP67 protection standard'

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 669 words


For those of you without the patience to sit through a whole Apple event -
here's the whole iPhone 7 launch in just 120 seconds.

It includes pretty much everything you need to know from the big show, from
demonstrating the new wireless earphones to the latest Apple watch.

Apple officially announced the iPhone 7 Plus tonight, its first smartphone to
offer dual camera technology with telephoto capabilities for a 2X optical zoom.

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco, the
new iPhone doesn't look too dissimilar to the last year's iPhone 6S Plus device.

It sports the same aluminium design, rounded edges but this time without the
iconic antenna lines and a high-gloss finish.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

But the key feature in the iPhone 7 Plus is that, as expected, it is the first
to offer a dual lens camera.

That means there's now two 12MP cameras built in to the device; one has the wide
angle 12MP lens while the other is a telephoto lens.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

This means users can create a zoom feature, via the camera app as before, but
now witha new 1X button above the shutter.

With this button you can just tap it and the photo jumps to a 2X optical zoom.

You can put your finger on to drag across to zoom from 1x to 10x, with much
better zoom quality than seen on the iPhone 6S.

Apple's new waterproof iPhone 7 launched with new home button, updated camera
and new 'jet black' colour

"The 12-megapixel camera includes optical image stabilisation and a larger f/1.8
aperture and 6-element lens enabling brighter, more detailed photos and videos,
and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colors with more detail," an
Apple spokesman said.

"The iPhone 7 Plus' dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field
effect, using both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while
sophisticated technology including Machine Learning separates the background
from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR
cameras."

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?

There's no audio port on the iPhone 7 Plus, so users will need to connect their
earbuds either over Bluetooth or via the device's lightning connection.

Apple unveiled its new wireless earpods, which connect wireless to the iPhone or
Apple Watch automatically with one tap.

Forget the iPhone 7 launch - experts say wait for the iPhone 8

Another one of the iPhone 7 Plus' most exciting feature is the iPhone's new
enclosure which is both water and dust resistant thanks to 'IP67 protection
standard' meaning it will be safe from water or dust if "the worst happens".

As for the display, Apple has made the iPhone 7 Plus 's Retina HD display 25%
brighter than on the iPhone 6S Plus, while retaining the 3D Touch capability.

The iPhone 7 Plus also features a new home button that is more simple but more
powerful and customisable, Apple said. It's been re-engineered so it is now
"force-sensitive", meaning it works together with a new haptic engine to be more
responsive and creating a better feel, giving users unique haptic feedback
depending on how you're using it.

Super Mario is coming to the iPhone App Store

The new iPhone 7 Plus will be available to pre-order from September 9 before
they start shipping on September 16 in the UK.

It will be available with 32GB, 128GB or 256GB storage options in the usual
Black, Gold, Silver, Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called
simply "Jet Black", which is much darker than previous black models.

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      February 19, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Global Payments Announces Support for Apple Pay in China

LENGTH: 287  words


Feb. 19 -- Global Payments Inc. (NYSE: GPN), a leading worldwide provider of
payment technology services, is pleased to offer merchants in China the ability
to accept China UnionPay payments made with Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay.

Global Payments is fully enabled for Apple Pay acceptance, allowing merchants to
offer their customers the convenience of paying quickly and easily with Apple
Pay in-store.

"Global Payments is pleased to offer merchants the ability to accept Apple Pay
in the important China market," said Frank T. Young, SVP, Global Product and
Innovation. "Our continued commitment to leading payments technology across the
globe allows us to be at the forefront in delivering this innovative payments
solution to merchants in the markets that we serve."

Security and privacy are at the core of Apple Pay. The solution is designed to
leverage Touch ID authentication, as well as a unique Device Account Number that
is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element of the Apple
device, ensuring actual card numbers are not stored on the device or on Apple
servers. Further, each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic
security code.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of their card
rewards and benefits. In stores, Apple Pay works with Apple Watch and iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. When paying for goods and services
within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/cn/apple-pay.

Source: Global Payments

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

iPhone SE unboxing and media digest

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 704  words


Many have described iPhone SE as a retro-designed phone with some of the latest
technology existing on the flagship iPhone 6s. "An iPhone 5s with a heart of
iPhone 6s," some joked online after the launch of the device.

We shot an un-boxing video in time lapse mode by iPhone 6, to give you a little
taste of the new gadget. Of course, the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro also appears on
the camera.

Media coverage shows that some are worried about the market potential while
others believe that the new phone will become an efficient iOS shifter for
Android phone users.

"In previous years, special meetings will be held to discuss marketing, sales
and stocking with distributors, but this time things seems to be bit quiet, no
meetings have been held so far," according to Tencent technology channel, citing
a director of one of the brand's distributors. He also pointed out that the
report from foreign media claiming that the pre-order volume of Chinese market
has reached 3.4 million is only a pre-order figure. The real performance will be
seen on the actual sales volume.

According to reports, as of February, 1,333 models belonging to variety of
brands were available in Chinese market. Screen sized at 5.1-inch to 5.5-inch
have grabbed the most attention at 39 percent. The display size of 5.5-inch or
larger enjoy 4.3-percent or more share. By comparison, only 3.8 percent of the
attention went to 4-in or smaller-sized display phones.

Apple Vice President Greg Joswiak introduces the iPhone SE during an event at
the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016.[Photo/Agencies]

According to consulting company Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, as of January,
Apple's iOS continued to grow share in urban China, though the rate of that
growth was the slowest since late 2014. Apple also remained the most popular
brand, capturing 25 percent of smartphone sales.

"Looking at the three months individually, January was the weakest month for
Apple in China as more price-sensitive consumers might have been waiting to see
what promotions Chinese New Year would bring in early February," said Carolina
Milanesi, chief of research at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech. "In the rest of the
world, smartphone platform dynamics remained pretty stable period-over-period,
with no surprises."

Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight director at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Asia
said: "In urban China, iOS share continued to grow year-over-year, albeit at a
slower pace, as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6 were the best-selling
smartphones in the region." "Huawei continued its momentum and is closing the
gap with its nearest competitor, Apple, capturing 24.3 percent of sales. Xiaomi,
which announced its Mi 5 at the recent Mobile World Congress, maintained a
distant third, as it dropped 10.2 percentage points over the same period in
2015."

The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters
in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

US e-commerce data analysis website intelligence.slice.com revealed online sales
figures for the iPhone SE on March 28, which confirm that "while fewer people
rushed online to get the latest iPhone than they did for the most recent
launches, those who did were more likely to be new to the iPhone".

According to the research, the early data indicates that the iPhone SE may help
Apple grow its maturing iPhone consumer base.

"Only 35 percent of iPhone SE buyers purchased an iPhone online in the past two
years, and 16 percent of them were previously Android users. By comparison, 49
percent of iPhone 6S buyers upgraded from a previous iPhone, and 10 percent
replaced an Android device they bought online within the past two years.

To sum up, we'd like to say happy birthday to Apple as the tech behemoth turns
40 on Friday. That's right, four decades ago, on April Fool's Day, Apple
Computers, Inc was founded by college dropouts Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak in
Cupertino, California, who later brought to the new company a vision of "think
different" and forever changed the way people viewed computers.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/45/145950163254.jpg

f8bc126d980d1868679e01.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/145950163312.jpg

f8bc126d980d1868681102.jpg

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           December 24, 2015 Thursday

HUAWEI'S NEXUS 6P TO HAVE MORE FEATURES

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 352

LENGTH: 181  words


Since Huawei has launched its latest flagship smart phone, in collaboration with
Google, the Nexus 6P, tech geniuses are now comparing this outstanding device to
the Apple's iPhone 6s. Huawei's latest smart phone Nexus 6P has undoubtedly,
proven to be a great competition to high-tier smart phones. Nexus 6P has loaded
in it numerous amazing and unique features in comparison to iPhone 6s. For one,
the battery of Nexus is twice more powered than that of Apple iPhone, moreover,
the CPU clocking of Nexus is more speeded up with 1.8 GHz Octa-Core as compared
to dual-core 2GHz CPU processor of Apple iPhone.

In terms of pixel density the display of Nexus 6P is larger and has better
resolution, about 1.5 times greater than that of iPhone 6s' 326ppi. The 5.7
inches display size of Nexus makes it more of a phablet, whereas, the size of
Apple iPhone 6s is 4.7 inches. Certain users prefer to have big screen phones,
in order to get more enhanced video watching experience, although with such a
big screen, like that of Nexus, users would need to use both their hands for
handling the device.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

How Apple's $399 iPhone may give it an edge

BYLINE: Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 531 words


Apple's new iPhone SE is the lowest-priced iPhone ever.

That cheaper price tag is no accident.

"This is a symbolic threshold," says Frank Gillette, an analyst with Forrester
Research. "Apple going below $400 is big."

The SE is predicted to do well in India and China, where having a lower-priced
iPhone could give Apple an edge it didn't have before.

The new device, announced Monday, is basically an iPhone 6S in a smaller, 4-inch
body, and is a 38% discount to the current 4.7-inch iPhone 6S, which starts at
$650.

Jefferson Wang, an analyst with research firm IBB Consulting, says that overseas
competitors like Huawei and Lenovo regularly undercut Apple's prices, even at
the $400 level.

The new iPhone gets Apple "back in the game with price-conscious shoppers that
don't mind paying a little more for the Apple brand, even if it means
sacrificing on screen size."

Indeed, folks looking for the best bargain-priced phones here will find plenty
models with lower prices and better specs than the new iPhone SE.

For instance:

Motorola's Moto X Pure Edition ($399) has a 5.7-inch screen, 21-megapixel camera
and microSD slot for extra memory.

Google's Nexus 5X ($349) has a 5.2-inch screen, 12.3-megapixel camera and 64-bit
Snapdragon processor.

Huawei GX8 ($299) has a 5.5-inch screen, 13-megapixel camera and 64-bit
processor.

Alcatel's Idol 3 ($249) sports a 5.5-inch screen, 13-megapixel camera and stereo
speakers.

The SE starts at $399 with a 4-inch screen, 16 GB of memory, a 12-megapixel
camera and A9 processing chip.

The previous edition, the iPhone 5S, started at $450, with an A7 processing chip
and 8-megapixel camera.

Still, despite the specs, the iPhone is still the best-selling phone in the
United States and the device many customers hunger for.

"Some people stretch, and justify spending more, because they want the status of
having an Apple product and the Apple experience," Forrester's Gillette notes.

Apple is virtually alone in offering the smaller, 4-inch phone models to
consumers; the competition has been making larger, 5-inch-and-up phones for
years.

This was originally a way for competitors to differentiate from the iPhone, says
Gillette.

Apple held onto the 4-inch iPhone until 2014 when it introduced the iPhone 6. It
didn't abandon the smaller-form factor because many of its users liked having
the option of small (the old iPhone 5S), medium (4.7-inch iPhone 6S) and large
(5.5-inch iPhone 6S Plus).

If the SE takes off, "you might see competitors returning to small screens,"
says Gillette.

But a word of caution to consumers looking to upgrade to a smaller iPhone at the
lower price: with just 16 GB of memory, the SE doesn't have enough memory "to
make it worth it," notes Gillette.

Add a few apps, take a bunch of photos using Apple's Live Photos (a merging of
stills and video that makes the file twice as large) and shoot some video at 4K
resolution, which again produces larger video files, and you'll be out of room
in no time.

Add in the extra memory on the SE, for 64 GB, and the price jumps to $499.

That's getting close to the more expensive, bigger phones. The older iPhone 6,
first released in 2015, is $649 with 64 GB, and the newer 64GB iPhone 6S is
$749.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Justin Sullivan, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Apple on track to beat last year's first weekend sales record

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Mumbai: Kotak Mahindra Group Limited has issued following news release:



  Apple, Inc. is set to shatter last year's record for first weekend sales of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, when sales broke the 10 million mark within just three days
of its sales launch on September 19, 2014.



 &ldquo;Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely
positive and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world. We are on
pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when the new
iPhones go on sale Sept. 25,&rdquo; the company said.

 Last week, the Cupertino, California-based tech giant unveiled its iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus smartphones with a faster processor, new 3D touch
capabilities and an improved camera.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            September 6, 2015 Sunday

Apple to introduce iPhone 6s in a new colour

LENGTH: 150  words


By tbreak Staff -

With the iPhone 6s announcements just around the corner, rumors and speculations
about the latest Apple flagship are all over the web. The latest rumour is that
Apple will be releasing a rose gold version of the iPhone 6s. Apple has already
released a rose gold version of the Apple Watch, so it seem Apple knows what
it's doing.

Apple will be revealing the iPhone 6s and various other products such as an
Apple TV on September 9th at an event in San Fransisco. The iPhone 6 came in
Space Grey, Gold and Silver while Apply toyed around with bright neon shades for
iPhone 5C as well.

With Apple's history, the new colors changes may be pretty subtle with white
fronts on the silver and gold versions of the handsets. The huge success of the
gold version, Apple is expecting a similar response with the rose gold version.
After all, you do need to match your phone with your watch right?

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Review: Beyond size, what you get and give up, and what stays the same with
iPhone SE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 677 words


NEW YORK * Unless you take a lot of selfies or need a bigger phone, Apple's new
four-inch iPhone SE is a good choice at a good price.

You get the same 12-megapixel rear camera that's in the much larger iPhone 6S,
but for $250 less, at about $400. You also get the same speeds and graphics
capabilities.

Of course, you don't get everything. The SE isn't going to be right for
everyone, especially power users. Now that Apple has started taking orders, with
shipments due in a week, keep these differences in mind:

Most noticeable is the front camera. The SE has an older 1.2-megapixel camera -
not the five-megapixel one in the 6S. But with software improvements, selfies
taken with the SE came out better compared with the iPhone 5S it replaced. In
addition, the SE's screen turns into a front-camera flash. That's more important
than megapixels in darker settings.

Though you get the same rear camera as the 6S, you don't get an
image-stabilizing feature found in the jumbo iPhone 6S Plus. This won't matter
to most people, though. I typically have to blow up shots and look real closely
for differences. You get the same options for panorama shots, slow motion and
high-resolution "4K" video in all three phones.

The SE lacks a barometer, which means fitness apps won't record stairs climbed.
The SE also lacks 3D Touch, in which you can press on an icon hard and harder
for shortcuts and other options. Including it would have made the phone thicker.
You can still perform the same tasks, but might need an extra tap or two.

The SE doesn't support "LTE Advanced" cellular technology, which can be twice as
fast as regular LTE. The iPhone 6 doesn't either, and frankly, I didn't even
notice when I got the 6S. There's one SE model for Sprint and another for AT&;T,
T-Mobile and Verizon. China has its own model, though both U.S. versions should
still work there and elsewhere abroad - data will just potentially be slower
without LTE Advanced.

The SE doesn't come in a version with 128 gigabytes of storage - just 16 GB for
starters and 64 GB for $100 more. Many high-power users will probably want a
bigger screen anyway, but if that's not the case, splurge for at least 64 GB.
Your phone will fill up quickly - especially as still images now come with
three-second videos by default, doubling storage requirements.

Promised battery life for video and web surfing is 13 hours - a few hours better
than the 6S. It helps that there's less screen to light up.

The SE largely retains the boxy feel of the 5S, so old cases will work, but you
don't get a smoother feel from the larger phones' curved edges. On the other
hand, the smaller size feels more comfortable, and had there been a curved
design at that size, your phone might slip out of your hand more easily.

I ran 14 miles with the phone in my hand or pocket and forgot about it. Oh, I
miss that size. But the screen now feels tiny for reading and typing, now that
I'm used to a bigger one.

If you've been clinging on to your 5S because you don't want a larger iPhone,
now is a good time to upgrade. A new wireless chip enables payments with Apple
Pay. There's faster Wi-Fi, though not as fast as the 6S. You can also access the
Siri voice assistant anytime hands-free, without pressing the home button.

Though your 5S might last a few more months, it's going to get tougher to run
the latest software and apps. And the $400 price is $50 less than what the 5S
sold for. If your 5S is in good condition, you can trade it in at an Apple store
and get the SE for $240, in 24 monthly instalments.

Many Android makers have shunned four-inch screens in premium phones. You're
stuck with mid-range phones that lack high-end cameras and speeds. I had
expected older technology in the iPhone SE, as Apple usually has two-year-old
hardware at this price. Instead, much of what's inside is just six months old -
better than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Sure, there are trade-offs, but at least Apple didn't try to pressure people
into larger models by skimping on what matters most. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 7 chipset is going to be manufactured by only one company

LENGTH: 412  words


By tbreak Staff -

We have already reviewed Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus and we have tell
you that there is so much technology present in these devices, it makes us
wonder what is going to be present inside iPhone 7. Before we ponder over that
for a moment, let us take a look at the chipset manufacturing industry. Apple
previously appointed both TSMC and Samsung to mass produce the company's A9
chipset which powers iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, but it looks like the tech
giant is going to be changing its stance on which company is going to mass
produce the next-generation SoC present inside iPhone 7, which is going to be
called A10.

It looks like the sole manufacturer of Apple A10 is going to be none other than
TSMC. TSMC has been battling it out against Samsung on who will be able to
produce the first successful yield of the 10nm FinFET process and it looks like
the Taiwanese semiconductor firm will be getting 100 percent of all orders from
Apple. The 10nm FinFET A10 will promise better performance, not to mention
better efficiency, which is something that we obviously expected with an
incoming smartphone. iPhone 7 is expected to be announced during the month of
September, and alongside it, we should expect its larger screen brother, iPhone
7 Plus.

iPhone 7 Plus has been rumored to sport a 3,100mAh and 256GB of internal
storage, so while the smaller iPhone might not be able to feature a larger
capacity due to its smaller form factor, we are hoping that Apple increases the
maximum amount of internal storage. This could also mean that we could be seeing
the end of the 16GB models, but do not count on Apple to make your dreams come
true this instantly. Also, we did read about how Apple added a layer of rubber
inside its current iPhones, meaning that iPhone 7 and its larger screen
counterpart could be completely waterproof up to a certain depth when submerged
in water.

Apple also filed a camera patent, suggesting that iPhone 7 could sport a
dual-camera setup. While all of these things sounds very exciting, we have to
keep in mind that we should not exceed our expectations of what to see from the
upcoming iPhone duo. As always, we will continue to keep you updated with the
latest updates regarding the upcoming iPhones, and during the month of
September, we should have the latest specification round-off for you guys.

Macrumors

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/26/145518887131.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/145518887194.png



LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Cookie Monster bakes cookies in new iPhone 6s ad for Apple

BYLINE: Lauren Cook, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 132 words


March 17--HIGHLIGHTS

* Apple releases YouTube video ad featuring Cookie Monster

* Cookie Monster bakes cookies with Siri in iPhone ad

Does anyone love cookies more than Cookie Monster? Probably not.

The famous blue Muppet demonstrates just that in a new iPhone 6s ad released on
YouTube Wednesday.

The ad, promoting the phone's hands-free Siri technology, features Cookie
Monster baking cookies, of course, with the help of Siri.

The video is an exercise in patience for the Muppet as he tries, hilariously, to
pass the time until his cookies are ready. Luckily, while Siri may keep Cookie
Monster company, he at least doesn't have to worry about sharing any of the
gooey baked goods when they're done.

___ (c)2016 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-YN-BRF-Cookie-Monster-bakes-cookies-in-new-iPhone-6s
-ad-for-Apple-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2016 amNewYork


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                               Bangalore Edition

iPhone Launch a Bigger Affair this Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 547 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertino-based smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it

usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing importance of India,
which is set to overtake the US as the world's second-largest smartphone market
by 2017.Apple is looking to rapidly add to the 1.7 million units it sold in its
financial year ended September 2015, according to data from Counterpoint
Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from almost 1.1 million devices
sold in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and

iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning on October
16,\xE2\x80? a Vodafone India spokesperson said. Customers can register for the
devices beginning October 9 on the company's website. India's No. 2 telco didn't
disclose plan details. After registration, customers can choose to buy the
phones through an ecommerce partner or at Vodafone's retail outlets, sources
added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in Octo

ber 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on instalments for all its
devices, starting from the iPhone 4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said. The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus,\xE2\x80? the company official added, indicating that plans for its
high-speed broadband services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone
users,\xE2\x80? said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based
Counterpoint Research. "Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6and iPhone 6 Plus,
which together generated over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a
strong fiscal for Apple in India.\xE2\x80? Apple, which launched the iPhone in
2007, ignored India for a long time and increased its focus on the market only
over the past couple of years.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Apple says sales of new iPhones begin strongly

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 372 words


Reuters

San Francisco

Apple said that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to beat the
10million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend last year, a
feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China.

The Chinese debut of the prior models, the iPhone 6 and 6Plus, was delayed last
year as the company awaited approval from regulators. Many analysts say China is
poised to overtake the United States as Apple's biggest market.

Searching for signs of whether Apple can top its 2014performance, investors were
initially encouraged by the company's remarks but later tempered their
enthusiasm. Apple shares were up 0.7 per cent in afternoon trading after rising
as much as 2.3 per cent earlier in the session.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of advance orders it received for the
new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Analysts had expected about 4.5 million for the first
24 hours, compared with4 million during the first day last year.

Apple began taking preorders on Saturday for the phones, which will begin
shipping on September 25.

The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone 6S Plus,
the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the preorder
period.

"Preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6and 6 Plus, Apple has
been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the company had always enjoyed a burst of
sales of new phones from die-hard fans and customers who are due for an upgrade.

"Will these phones have the same staying power as the iPhone6?" he asked. "It's
still going to be a challenge."

The exclusion of the Chinese market last year set a low bar Apple to clear with
preorders this year, he added.

However, John Jackson of IDC said the 6S and 6S Plus' strong early performance
dampened concerns on Wall Street.

"Apple has this track record of outperforming its own outperformance, but the
iPhone 6 looks like an extraordinarily tough act to follow," he said. "The fact
that they are fast out of the gate with this refresh is a very encouraging
sign."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                      August 16, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

BEA Brings Apple Pay to Customers

LENGTH: 369  words


Aug. 16 -- The Bank of East Asia, Limited ("BEA") today brings its customers
Apple Pay, which transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way
to pay that's fast and convenient. Customers can enjoy fabulous offers at the
same time.

BEA Credit Card customers will receive 5,000 bonus points by adding their BEA
Visa Credit Card or MasterCard [*] to Apple Pay between now and 22 nd August,
2016; Mobile Banking users will also receive an extra HK$20 Circle K i-Coupon.
In addition, the first 30,000 eligible credit card accounts which complete three
or more transactions through Apple Pay between now and 31 st October, 2016, will
receive a 25% cash rebate, and each eligible credit card account can receive a
cash rebate of up to HK$180.

Mr. Vincent Hui, General Manager & Head of the Personal Banking Division of BEA
said, "We have closely aligned our service offering with our customers' daily
needs. Nowadays, customers are looking for a faster and more secure payment
method; that's why we are providing Apple Pay, one of the fastest and easiest
ways to pay. We will continue to bring our customers increasingly innovative
services."

Apple Pay is easy to set up, and customers will continue to receive all the
rewards and benefits offered by BEA credit cards. In participating stores, Apple
Pay works with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
and Apple Watch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is simple, without needing to
repeatedly fill out lengthy account forms or type in shipping and billing
information. When paying for goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone SE,
iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro.

Apply for a BEA Credit Card now to experience Apple Pay and enjoy a wide range
of selected offers! For more information on Apple Pay, please visit
www.apple.com/hk/apple-pay; for more on BEA Credit Card offers, please visit
www.hkbea.com/hotpromotions.

Footnote:

[*] Does not apply to the UnionPay Dual Currency PLATINUM Credit Card, JCB
PLATINUM Card, or Corporate Card. Please visit www.hkbea.com/applepay for
further terms and conditions.

Source: Bank of East Asia

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

Absolutely phablets as rivals release new giants

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: AUSTRALIANIT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 702  words


The battle between Apple's newly minted iPhone 6s Plus and Samsung's rival
premium superphones is afoot, so how do these big phablets - half phone, half
tablet - line up?

Apple's iPhone 6s Plus brings the 6s experience to the larger form factor,
adding features such as image stabilisation and two column app layouts. It's
stately in looks with its curved metallic sides and back but it's a tad longer,
wider and heavier than its rival, the Galaxy S6 Edge+.

The Edge+ with its curved edge screen is a beautiful phone and also one of the
most innovative, hardware wise. The difference in thickness between the two is
line ball but the weight difference is considerable, with the Edge+ 39 grams
lighter.

While the 6s Plus is the larger phone, the Edge+ also has the larger screen, 5.7
inches as opposed to 5.5 inches, thanks to its incredibly thin bezel. The AMOLED
display is finer as well: a QuadHD screen with a resolution of 1440 x 2560
pixels at 518 pixels per inch. Apple's has a standard 1080p HD display but still
big resolution at 401ppi.

The razzle dazzle takes its toll on battery life but both Apple and Samsung have
some tricks up their sleeves. Samsung uses an 8-core Exynos processor: four
cores at 2.1 Gigahertz and four at 1.5 -Gigahertz, which means the phone can
handle powerful tasks but saves energy by using the less powerful cores for
lighter tasks such as web browsing.

From teardowns we know Apple's A9 processor is dual core. In my test with AnTuTu
benchmark v5.1.1, Apple's A9 processor rated as the more powerful overall with a
score of 58855 against the Samsung at 51847. The A9 comes with an M9
co-processor that is always on. That means Siri is always available, even when
the phone is on standby, not connected to power. The 6s Plus has a 2750
milliampere hour battery (mAh), the Edge+ has a tad bigger capacity at 3000mAh,
but it has to drive a higher resolution display. I played video on both at 75
per cent screen brightness. The 6s Plus lasted 11 hours 20 minutes, and the
Edge+ 13 hours 35 minutes.

The Edge+ has 16 and 5-megapixel cameras against Apple's 12 and 5MP. Apple's
upgrade to the front-facing camera means better-quality selfies and with the
display acting as a flash, you can take them in dark conditions. At 16MP the
Samsung has a higher resolution main camera, which takes great photos.
Double-clicking the Samsung's home button to launch the camera is really useful.
But I also like the warmer, natural colours of iPhone 6s Plus. Both offer an
array of camera modes and both shoot 4K video. Optical image stabilisation on
the 6s Plus means smoother video.

Neither device supports micro SD card storage, so you're left with either a
finite 32GB or 64GB of RAM on the Edge+, or 16GB, 64GB or 128GB on 6s Plus.
Personally, I wouldn't shell out more than $1000 for a phone with just 16GB of
storage with no way of increasing it.

Both make use of the extra screen real estate in portrait mode. There are two
modes for the Edge+. You can split the screen or float apps in pop-up view. In
iOS9, split-screen multi-tasking where you run two apps side by side is
available only on iPads, but apps such as mail and calendar run in a two-column
view in landscape mode.

Both devices have some knockout features. For Edge+, it's the adaptive fast
charging, which allows you to recharge a big 3000mAh battery in 90 minutes. For
the iPhone 6s Plus it's the new pressure-sensitive screen that supports 3D
touch. Pressing a -little harder lets you preview emails, messages and other
media without opening them.

Telsyte managing director Foad Fadaghi says that with users migrating to the
larger phablets, lured by bigger batteries and screen sizes, Samsung has one big
weakness: no matter how good the hardware is, it is held back against Apple by
its reliance on Android. Samsung's own operating system Tizen can be stunning,
as it does on its upcoming Gear S2 smartwatch, but to change to Tizen on its
smartphones would be a massive call. Still, Samsung pushes the envelope with its
edgy specifications, particularly its amazing high-resolution display.Meanwhile,
Apple solidly replicates its successful iPhone experience with the 6s Plus, but
is more conservative in its hardware offering.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

OtterBox phone cases designed by Dom Streater of 'Project Runway';
Borders are raised to help protect screens, but these two designs skew a bit
feminine.;
PHONE CASE DESIGN

BYLINE: By Ronnie Gill

SECTION: ; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 300 words


OtterBox Symmetry Series iPhone 6/6S case in Pink Swirl, designed by Project
Runway: All Stars winner Dom Streater.

NAME: OtterBox Dom Streater limited-edition phone cases

COMPATIBLE WITH: iPhone 6/6s and 6 Plus/6s Plus, and Samsung Galaxy S7

COST: $33.96 for iPhone 6/6s and Galaxy S7, $42.46 iPhone 6 Plus/6s Plus

WHAT'S HOT: "Project Runway" fans should recognize the designer of these cases.
Streater was the winner of Season 12, as well as the winner on the recently
concluded fifth season of "Project Runway: All Stars." The native Philadelphian,
who has a natural flair for designing with patterns, won the "All-Stars"
print-on-print challenge. Her reward: the opportunity to design for OtterBox.
Two "signed" Streater cases are now available, in similar but different
geometric floral designs, called pink swirl and green diamond. The border of
each case, which is slightly raised to help protect the screen from scratches
and breaks, features the accent hue used in the pattern, providing a pleasing
pop of color around the display. Aside from making your phone fashionable, the
sturdy case provides protection against drops, bumps and scratches without
adding much bulk, and its rubberized border affords a secure grip. Also
available in the Symmetry Series are three cases designed by "Project Runway"
judge and Marie Claire magazine creative director Nina Garcia, who was the guest
judge on the Otter-Box challenge. These are available for the same iPhone models
and the Galaxy S5 with similar pricing.

WHAT'S NOT: Because of its rigid construction and snug fit around the phone when
in place, we struggled a bit getting the case on and off. The floral motifs make
Streater's designs veer feminine, so these cases might not appeal to those
desiring a more unisex look.

AVAILABLE FROM: otter-box.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

IPhone installment plan throws wrench at carriers;
Prices based on 2-year sign-up, which carriers are trying to scrap

BYLINE: Eli Blumenthal, @eliblumenthal, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 687 words


Apple's move to sell its newest iPhones on an installment plan is the latest
blow to the smartphone pricing used and frequently reviled by consumers for
years: the two-year cellphone contract.

When Apple unveiled its new smartphones Wednesday, it said the iPhone 6S would
start at $199 with a new two-year contract and the 6S Plus would cost $299 on
contract. That was the simple way to describe it, as for years Americans were
accustomed to signing a two-year contract with a wireless carrier in exchange
for a discount on the upfront price.

But at the same time, executives introduced installment and leasing plans that
acknowledge most telecom carriers are abandoning these contracts tied to deeply
discounted phones.

The result is a scenario that sounds a lot like a plan you get from an auto
dealer.

By buying directly from Apple, a consumer can pay $27 to $31 a month for 24
months for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. At the end of those two years, the
consumer would own the phone outright. Cellphone service fees, of course, come
on top of that.

Apple also introduced, and is displaying prominently on the Apple.com store, a
new iPhone Upgrade program. You can purchase the iPhone 6S on a monthly payment
plan starting at $32.41 for the 16GB model or $36.58 for the 16GB 6S Plus (going
up by a little more than $4 a month if you want more storage).

The pricier plan includes the ability to upgrade to a new iPhone after 12
months. You'd continue to pay the installments on the new phone and would just
be "restarting the clock," having to pay the monthly fee for another two years
before you would own the newer phone. In this way, the customer is essentially
leasing the phone from Apple.

The iPhone would be sold unlocked in the Upgrade program and can be used with
any carrier. And, much like the warranty sold on a car, the monthly payment plan
also includes Apple Care+, which would normally cost $129 for a second year. It
also includes the ability to replace a broken iPhone at a discount ($99 for up
to two incidents).

The transition from two-year contracts, and the deep phone discounts tied to
them, reflect the maturing of the smartphone market and the pressures facing
telecom carriers.

When Apple launched the original iPhone, it was far more expensive than most
cellphones used by consumers. It made the steep cost palatable to consumers by
linking with a carrier, AT&T, which offered the phone for a more moderate price
in exchange for a multiyear contract.

Under this system, a phone that would cost $649 without a contract would cost
$199 with one, with the carrier then charging an extra fee on top of service to
make up the difference (and a profit) over the next 24 months. So instead of
paying $15 a month for service, you would be paying $40 in addition to the $199
upfront.

Over the past few years, the carriers have begun getting rid of contracts in
favor of monthly payment plans. Carriers say these plans are better for them
because they more accurately reflect the true price of the phones.

All the major national carriers offer monthly payment plans today as they phase
out contract options. T-Mobile stopped offering contracts two years ago, and in
August, Verizon said it was no longer planning on offering two-year contracts.
Sprint announced it would stop offering contracts by the end of the year. Only
AT&T has yet to fully renounce contracts.

Apple's installment plans are pricier than previous iPhone installment plans
offered by carriers, though under those plans the iPhone isn't necessarily sold
unlocked and does not benefit from an extra year of warranty protection. AT&T,
Verizon, Sprint and T-Mobile have yet to release their new pricing for the
phones, though T-Mobile is welcoming Apple's new way to sell phones.

"We love this," says T-Mobile COO Mike Sievert in a statement given to USA
TODAY. "Anything that gives customers total choice is a win for them and it is a
win for T-Mobile. Unlocked phones give consumers the freedom to try out any
carrier. That is a fantastic thing for T-Mobile too."

The carriers have yet to reveal pricing, promotions or trade-in offers for the
new iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Josh Edelson, AFP/Getty Images Josh Edelson, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

Smartphones to be darling of the crowd

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 444 words


Dubai: Smartphones will again be the main growth driver category this year also
along with the new launches and the reduced prices for previous models, followed
by laptops and televisions.

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of omnichannel retail at Jumbo Group, said that
smartphone sales, which used to be around 40 per cent growth rate, are down to
around 20 per cent last month as buyers are waiting for Gitex.

After the official drop in prices of Dh400 for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
after the announcement of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, retailers said that sales are
doing well.

iPhone 6 is now available for Dh2,199 for the 16GB model, Dh2,599 for the 64GB
model while the iPhone 6 Plus is available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model and
Dh2,999 for the 64GB model.

According to a report by the Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) of
the UAE, Apple's iPhone 6 has become the most commonly used smartphone in the
UAE during the second quarter of this year.

The device has 4.9 per cent of total handsets registered on UAE networks.

Smartphones control 67 per cent of handsets registered on the UAE's networks.

Omar Abu Shaban, general manager for Plug Ins, said that smartphones have become
the staple of the show again. Some Chinese brands treat the event as the
stepping stone to showcase their devices.

"There will good uptake of iPhones as retailers will have enough stocks to meet
the demand prior to the new Apple phones launch," he said.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will be launched in the UAE on October 10.
Retailers are expecting to run out of stocks within hours of launch.

Steady starter

Mahesh Chotrani, assistant vice-president of Jacky's Electronics, said that
apart from Apple, Samsung is going aggressive on S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 as they
need to compete with Apple devices.

"Note 5 has always been a steady starter and I have seen during the last three
events the rise in sales for Note 5 comes during the show," he said.

Khanzadah said the demand for Galaxy S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 is growing after
Samsung adjusted the offers and not the prices.

Samsung has reduced its prices for S6 Edge Plus and Note 5 and retailers have
added good bundles to entice buyers.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax Electronics, said that pricing on the previous
smartphones will be very attractive and customers will go for the stepped down
models in a big way.

Sony Z5, Huawei Mate S and Lenovo Phab Plus are some of the new models apart
from some Chinese brands.

"We are confident of brisk sales for Huawei Mate S and we are doing some
activities with the promoters at the stall," Khanzadah said.

Many other brands have also reduced the prices apart from the value-added bundle
offers.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

First impressions after spending quality time with the 4-inch Apple iPhone SE

BYLINE: Marco D'Souza

LENGTH: 722  words


Despite its disarmingly petite demeanour, this little smartphone manages to pack
in a surprising lot

When news of Apple launching a 4-inch iPhone broke, it was met with widely mixed
reactions. On the one hand, there were legions of users who still swore by a
small form factor phone, one that literally fit within that elusive one-thumb
radius. On the other, there were those who scoffed as this seeming devolution
from the current-day phablet rage.

Well to each their own. But still, a tiny iPhone packed with the same guts as
Apple's flagship devices is compelling indeed. The iPhone SE does after all have
the same brains (the A9 processor along with the M9 motion coprocessor), camera
(12MP iSight camera capable of 4K recording, optical image stabilization etc,)
WiFi 802.11ac and fingerprint sensor as the top-end iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

We got our hands on one and dived right in.

First looks

From the familiarly designed iPhone box itself, beholding it there's an
unmistakable sense of deja vu of the iPhone 5S--it's just so tiny compared to
the much larger packaging we've been accustomed to with today's phones.

Peeling away that shrink wrapping and opening the box reveals the phone nestled
in, where the first reaction is "aww, adorable!" It's clearly been a while since
we've seen a 4-inch phone.

Package contents are nothing out of the ordinary--the mandatory booklets,
earphones, a charger and charging cable. Lifting out the phone, it's immediately
apparent how much my hands missed the feeling of a small phone--it just.. fits.

At first, it's hard not to mistake this phone for the old-school iPhone 5S.
Apple's decision to adopt a design that is so reminiscent of their earlier
4-inch phone instead of the newer rounded design language that has prevailed
since the iPhone 6S is a curious one.

Be that as it may, the phone is expectedly well crafted. From the matt-chamfered
edges to the satin finish on its aluminium body, it feels undeniably 'Apple'. On
the face of it, everything looks normal--the power button up top, the mute
switch and volume buttons along the left edge, the nano SIM tray on the right
and the stereo speakers at the bottom along with the USB and 3.5mm headphone
jack.

But capability-wise it's a virtual re-read of the iPhone 6S or 6S Plus, apart
from its more compact 4-inch screen size with its 640x1136 resolution (still
razor sharp at 326ppi) and the absence of 3D Touch.

But its two core components--the processor and the camera--being the same as
what's used in its flagship sibling--makes for a compelling proposition. It
implies you now have the ability to do 4K video recording (with on-phone
editing,) with simultaneous 8MP photo capture an optical image stabilization in
a phone that's smaller than anything else out there with similar capabilities.

The phone also shares many of the other 6S goodies such as Live Photos, the
fingerprint scanner, the 'retina' flash with color matching for the front camera
et al. So that's top-notch performance in a tiny smartphone package.

This is the kind of phone that grows on you. Before long, you'll wonder how it
was possible to forfeit that innately human single-handed use. I took a bunch of
photos and videos and fired up some of my favourite apps (from news readers like
Flipboard to games like Real Racing 3.) It took a while re-calibrating my own
interaction with the 4-inch interface (especially typing!), but before long the
'disruption' of the smaller screen fades away.

The iPhone SE is a fun, snappy phone to use--one that is bound to be an instant
hit with anyone who's pined for the days where phones were comfortably handheld.
Its premium pricing unfortunately foils the plans of anyone under the incorrect
notion that a smaller iPhone would have been a low-priced one (even though at Rs
39,000 for the 16GB version it is the lowest priced iPhone you can officially
buy today from its current generation.)

I am thinking, though, that this phone would probably turn out to be the
most-requested iPhone from friends and family visiting from the US, the price
delta being so large.

If you're looking for a phone that's akin to having Bentley-class performance in
a Mini Cooper class body, look no further. The iPhone SE goes on sale in India
starting Friday, 8 April.

Stay tuned for our deep-dive review.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      October 20, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Bianca Mosca Adds Bespoke Alligator Cases for iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 189  words


Oct. 20 -- Bianca Mosca known for it's ultra-luxury exotic skin bags, wallets
and accessories has launched a range of hand crafted cases specially designed
for the new Apple iPhone 6s made from prime Louisiana alligator leather in
fifteen vibrant colors.

The new cases can be personalized with a customer's initials and come in colors
such as Blue Jeans, Lipstick Red, Distressed Beige as well as traditional Black
and Brown.

A Bianca Mosca spokesperson said: "It's a slim case that fit's easily to your
phone and is simple to remove if required. All ports and features of the phone
remain easily accessible. This is the truly luxurious way to protect and secure
your precious Apple iPhone."

The cases are made entirely by hand in the company's workshop in France and are
designed to fit all iPhone 6 and 6s models. There are two variants: one to fit
the standard 6 and 6s models and a larger size for the 6 Plus and 6s Plus. The
cases cost $395 including up to four initials and delivery within the
continental USA.

For more information or to order online visit the Bianca Mosca E-Shop at:
https://www.biancamosca.com.

Source: Bianca Mosca

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Northlines (India)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus: What to expect?

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Sept. 2 -- In less than a week's time the world is going to go crazy. One
more time. Those who are even remotely aware of Apple's annual launch events
must also be aware of the mania that surrounds new iPhone every year. On
September 7, Apple will launch iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.Since the launch of
iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, rumors of iPhone 7 had already started coming in. And by now
we have a fair idea of what this phone will be all about. The keyword here is
"idea". Nothing is confirmed yet.

Here's a list of all the specifications, features and everything in and about
iPhone 7 that have leaked on internet:

- Some were expecting Apple to come up with a revolutionary design, but the
reports so far have suggested otherwise. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will
look more or less like the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

- There are going to be changes but they will most likely be incremental. The
leaked images of both the phones have shown redesigned antenna lines. No, they
won't be in a cool, snazzy shape but simply moved towards the edges. The bigger
phone, iPhone 7 Plus, is expected to come with a dual-camera. So that can be
counted as a new design element.

- Continuing on the camera specs, the iPhone 7 Plus' dual-camera is rumoured to
be equipped with a wider, brighter lens. This means iPhone's already good photos
will get better.

- iPhone 7 will have a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus will get a
5.5-inch screen.

- Another prominent change will be the absence of 3.5mm audio jack from iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus. A recent report has suggested Apple will unveil a new Dr Dre
Beats product at the event. Could this be the bundled earphone? It could be.

- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are most probably getting the latest A10 processor.
Considering A9 was already one of the fastest processors out there, Apple can't
go wrong with A10.

- Apple is also planning to kill the 16GB iPhone. Reports have suggest that the
company will even launch a 256GB iPhone this year.

- The smaller iPhone will carry 2GB RAM and iPhone 7 Plus will most likely have
3GB of RAM.

- Following Apple's tradition, iOS 10 will roll out with the launch of iPhone 7
and 7 Plus. The OS is already in beta stage.

- Some reports have also suggested that Apple will drop the home button from
both the phones. This means the physical home button will be replaced by a
touch-sensitive surface, which will also double up as the fingerprint sensor.

After the launch of the phones, Apple is expected to start shipping from
September 16. But for Indian users the date could stretch to late September or
even October.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are not expected to be pricier than their
predecessors considering the falling sales. The iPhone 7 should be priced around
Rs 62,000 and iPhone 7 Plus should cost somewhere around Rs 72,000.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Northlines. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Northlines
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Apple introduces iPhone SE, awaits consumer reaction

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 699  words


The iPhone SE arrives, with some worried about market potential while others say
it will help shift Android users to the Apple product.

Many have described iPhone SE as a retro-designed phone with some of the latest
technology existing on the flagship iPhone 6s. "An iPhone 5s with a heart of
iPhone 6s," some joked online after the launch of the device.

We shot an un-boxing video in time lapse mode by iPhone 6, to give you a little
taste of the new gadget. Of course, the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro also appears on
the camera.

Media coverage shows that some are worried about the market potential while
others believe that the new phone will become an efficient iOS shifter for
Android phone users.

"In previous years, special meetings will be held to discuss marketing, sales
and stocking with distributors, but this time things seems to be bit quiet, no
meetings have been held so far," according to Tencent technology channel, citing
a director of one of the brand's distributors. He also pointed out that the
report from foreign media claiming that the pre-order volume of Chinese market
has reached 3.4 million is only a pre-order figure. The real performance will be
seen on the actual sales volume.

According to reports, as of February, 1,333 models belonging to variety of
brands were available in Chinese market. Screen sized at 5.1-inch to 5.5-inch
have grabbed the most attention at 39 percent. The display size of 5.5-inch or
larger enjoy 4.3-percent or more share. By comparison, only 3.8 percent of the
attention went to 4-in or smaller-sized display phones.

Apple Vice President Greg Joswiak introduces the iPhone SE during an event at
the Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016.[Photo/Agencies]

According to consulting company Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, as of January,
Apple's iOS continued to grow share in urban China, though the rate of that
growth was the slowest since late 2014. Apple also remained the most popular
brand, capturing 25 percent of smartphone sales.

"Looking at the three months individually, January was the weakest month for
Apple in China as more price-sensitive consumers might have been waiting to see
what promotions Chinese New Year would bring in early February," said Carolina
Milanesi, chief of research at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech. "In the rest of the
world, smartphone platform dynamics remained pretty stable period-over-period,
with no surprises."

Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight director at Kantar Worldpanel ComTech Asia
said: "In urban China, iOS share continued to grow year-over-year, albeit at a
slower pace, as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6 were the best-selling
smartphones in the region." "Huawei continued its momentum and is closing the
gap with its nearest competitor, Apple, capturing 24.3 percent of sales. Xiaomi,
which announced its Mi 5 at the recent Mobile World Congress, maintained a
distant third, as it dropped 10.2 percentage points over the same period in
2015."

The new iPhone SE is seen on display during an event at the Apple headquarters
in Cupertino, California March 21, 2016. [Photo/Agencies]

US e-commerce data analysis website intelligence.slice.com revealed online sales
figures for the iPhone SE on March 28, which confirm that "while fewer people
rushed online to get the latest iPhone than they did for the most recent
launches, those who did were more likely to be new to the iPhone".

According to the research, the early data indicates that the iPhone SE may help
Apple grow its maturing iPhone consumer base.

"Only 35 percent of iPhone SE buyers purchased an iPhone online in the past two
years, and 16 percent of them were previously Android users. By comparison, 49
percent of iPhone 6S buyers upgraded from a previous iPhone, and 10 percent
replaced an Android device they bought online within the past two years.

To sum up, we'd like to say happy birthday to Apple as the tech behemoth turns
40 on Friday. That's right, four decades ago, on April Fool's Day, Apple
Computers, Inc was founded by college dropouts Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak in
Cupertino, California, who later brought to the new company a vision of "think
different" and forever changed the way people viewed computers.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

If you see a stylus, they blew it': What we know about Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPad Pro

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 425  words


Apple has officially announced the launch of a new, bigger tablet computer
called the iPad Pro.

The technology giant also used a live event to unveil the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus,
which come both come with a pressure sensitive screen that uses technology
called 3D Touch where applying more or less pressure to a tap opens new
shortcuts.

They will, as rumoured, come in a rose gold colour finish too.

The new iPhones will go on sale on September 25, with pre-orders for the devices
beginning on September 12, starting at £539 for 6s and £619 for the 6s Plus

The firm's chief Tim Cook called the iPad Pro the "biggest news in iPad since
the iPad" as he unveiled the device on stage at the live event in San Francisco.
The iPad Pro will have a 12.9 inch screen with more than five million pixels.

Mr Cook called it "our vision of the future of personal computing".

The iPad Pro will come with a stylus called the Apple Pencil. This is despite
late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs famously once saying: "If you see a stylus,
they blew it."

The new Apple Pencil can read pressure and stroke types, making it possible to
shade, draw and carry out subtle movements associated with a traditional pencil.

This, along with the keyboard that clips to the Pro, places the device in direct
competition with the Microsoft Surface, which uses similar accessories.

A UK price is yet to be confirmed for the iPad Pro but it will go on sale in
November.

A much rumoured revamp of the Apple TV was also confirmed, with Apple's voice
assistant technology Siri now integrated to use in searches.

The Apple TV has also had its interface and software overhauled in order to
compete with the likes of Amazon's Fire TV box and service.

There was also a fashion conscious aspect to the live show in San Francisco, as
Apple introduced a new line of Apple Watch straps, as well as a partnership with
brand Hermes to create a collection of the smartwatches.

Kent German, from consumer technology site CNET, said: "The new iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus will no doubt win a sizeable number of new customers, but an unchanged
design and few feature changes from last year's model follow the company's
pattern for S' models.

"What's more, Apple is facing a smartphone market where sales are slowing as
consumers feel the need to upgrade less often. Getting them excited enough to
pay for a new phone, especially when last year's model is good enough, is
increasingly challenging.

"If iPhone sales slow, the company will need to lean on revenue from other
products. The new iPad Pro and Apple TV may be an answer."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

If you see a stylus, they blew it': What we know about Apple's iPhone 6s and
iPad Pro

BYLINE: David Behrens

LENGTH: 425  words


Apple has officially announced the launch of a new, bigger tablet computer
called the iPad Pro.

The technology giant also used a live event to unveil the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus,
which come both come with a pressure sensitive screen that uses technology
called 3D Touch where applying more or less pressure to a tap opens new
shortcuts.

They will, as rumoured, come in a rose gold colour finish too.

The new iPhones will go on sale on September 25, with pre-orders for the devices
beginning on September 12, starting at £539 for 6s and £619 for the 6s Plus

The firm's chief Tim Cook called the iPad Pro the "biggest news in iPad since
the iPad" as he unveiled the device on stage at the live event in San Francisco.
The iPad Pro will have a 12.9 inch screen with more than five million pixels.

Mr Cook called it "our vision of the future of personal computing".

The iPad Pro will come with a stylus called the Apple Pencil. This is despite
late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs famously once saying: "If you see a stylus,
they blew it."

The new Apple Pencil can read pressure and stroke types, making it possible to
shade, draw and carry out subtle movements associated with a traditional pencil.

This, along with the keyboard that clips to the Pro, places the device in direct
competition with the Microsoft Surface, which uses similar accessories.

A UK price is yet to be confirmed for the iPad Pro but it will go on sale in
November.

A much rumoured revamp of the Apple TV was also confirmed, with Apple's voice
assistant technology Siri now integrated to use in searches.

The Apple TV has also had its interface and software overhauled in order to
compete with the likes of Amazon's Fire TV box and service.

There was also a fashion conscious aspect to the live show in San Francisco, as
Apple introduced a new line of Apple Watch straps, as well as a partnership with
brand Hermes to create a collection of the smartwatches.

Kent German, from consumer technology site CNET, said: "The new iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus will no doubt win a sizeable number of new customers, but an unchanged
design and few feature changes from last year's model follow the company's
pattern for S' models.

"What's more, Apple is facing a smartphone market where sales are slowing as
consumers feel the need to upgrade less often. Getting them excited enough to
pay for a new phone, especially when last year's model is good enough, is
increasingly challenging.

"If iPhone sales slow, the company will need to lean on revenue from other
products. The new iPad Pro and Apple TV may be an answer."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLEP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Grey market hubs in metros like Mumbai and New Delhi cash in on high prices of
Apple's new iPhones

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 563 words


KOLKATA | MUMBAI: For the first time, the grey market for a smartphone is
buzzing even after the official launch in the country as cheaper prices of the
device offered through unauthorised channels attract customers.

Apple's latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones are selling out fast in grey market
hubs such as Mumbai's Heera Panna, New Delhi's Gaffar Market, Kolkata's Fancy
Market and even on eBay, thanks to high official prices of the devices due to a
taxation change and a softening rupee.

The government increased the duty on imported smartphones to 11.5 per cent this
year to encourage its 'Make in India' agenda. The rupee weakened against the
dollar, which means more units of the local currency are needed to pay for
products sold by US companies.

Apple sells the new iPhones in India at prices that are as much as Rs
14,000-16,000 higher than in markets such as the US, the Middle East, Singapore
and Hong Kong, from where the grey market models are mostly sourced. That gives
grey market sellers in India sufficient cushion to aggressively price their
models.

"Grey market for the new iPhone is booming and unless Apple rationalises its
official price, a sizeable section of consumers will continue to buy from the
grey sellers or wait for online discounting to start," said the chief executive
officer of a large cellphone retail chain.

Apple had a rather muted launch of the iPhones in India on October 16, with
several stores saying sales were 40 per cent lower than last year and bigger
chains reporting, at best, a 20 per cent increase in sales. The company's
initial plan was to triple sales.

The latest iPhones cost between Rs 62,000 and Rs 92,000 and are Rs 8,500-9,500
more than last year's launch prices.

On eBay, an imported iPhone 6s 16GB model was selling at Rs 53,153 on Monday
while its official price is Rs 62,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 128GB model was
available for Rs 80,180 on eBay compared with its official India price of Rs
92,000.

In the grey market hubs, the phones were selling for about Rs 5,000-11,000 less
than the official prices.

Hint for Apple

A section of the industry said the busy grey market is an indicator that Apple
should start assembling its devices in India, which was discussed when Prime
Minister Narendra Modi met Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook in the US last month.

"Local assembling or manufacturing by Apple will depend on several factors, but
we expect it may be finalised soon, which will mean a quantum jump in India's
capabilities," said Pankaj Mohindroo, president of the Indian Cellular
Association and chairman of the government's mobile phone manufacturing advisory
committee.

Foxconn Technology Group, the company that makes iPhones for Apple, has started
manufacturing smartphones for China's Xiaomi and US phone brand InFocus at its
plant in Andhra Pradesh.

So high is the grey market demand in India that dealers at Mumbai's Heera Panna
market and Mohammed Ali Road say there is a shortage of iPhone 6s devices and
they are forced to prebook them. "We generally take two days to source the new
iPhones," a dealer at Heera Panna said.

Sensing opportunity, some sellers at Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned
Market have cut discounts. "When enough consumers are buying the phone for Rs
55,000-60,000, we won't discount it till demand slows down," said a shop owner
at Gaffar Market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Magid: Are Apple features like 3D Touch gimmicks or life savers?

BYLINE: By Larry Magid For the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Columnists; Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 806 words


Apple has a very enviable problem. Its iPhone has been so well received that
it's tough to impress people with new models. That's especially true now that
millions of iPhone users have their hands on the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 Plus -- the models unveiled a year ago that are finally larger than the
original 4 inch iPhones and on-par with competitive products.

On Wednesday, Tim Cook and company did their best to impress with the iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus. The phones look like their predecessors, but Apple is trying to
convince us that they're much better, with ads that proclaim, "The only thing
that's changed is everything." The claim is far more than pure marketing. As
their newest TV ad points out, "it responds to the pressure of your finger so
you can peek into stuff and pop stuff open, the camera shoots 4K video and --
when taking selfies -- your screen is the flash. It also shows off how photos
have changed -- they move now."

As is often the case with new technology, Apple is solving problems we didn't
know we had with solutions that most of us never even thought about. Whether
that's a good thing or not depends on whether these solutions will significantly
improve our experience or whether they're just more things that our phones can
do that most of us don't want to bother with.

I had a few minutes to play with the new phone immediately after the
announcement, which is far too little time to fully understand the new features.
That requires using the device for at least a few days. But based on what I saw,
I do think that the so-called 3D Touch (Apple calls it Force Touch on the Mac
and Watch) has, so far, unproven potential to become an important enhancement to
the user interface.

I used 3D Touch to peek inside an email and then pressed just a bit harder to
open it and pressed yet again to reach a place where I could respond. These
gestures did streamline my experience with the message, but I didn't come away
instantly convinced that they will save time or frustration in the long run. But
that's mostly because I have never been all that frustrated with how existing
phones -- both iPhone and Android -- handle opening email. The same was true
when I tested it with text messaging.

I was, however, impressed with how it enables you to control the camera,
enabling you for example to switch from the rear to selfie camera based on how
you press, rather than having to hunt for the selfie icon. I am also intrigued
about how Instagram will use pressure-sensitive touch to control how you view
photos and am looking forward to seeing how other app developers incorporate
this new way of interacting.

Again, the proof is in the usage, not in how impressed people were by Apple's
on-stage demo or its slickly produced promotional video narrated by design guru
Jony Ive. Once Apple releases the new phones in October, we'll find out whether
this is just a clever design enhancement or an essential feature that will cause
us to wonder how we ever lived without it.

Apple is far from the only company to introduce interesting new features that we
never knew we needed. For the past couple of weeks I've been testing the new
Samsung Galaxy Edge+, which like its smaller sister, the Galaxy Edge, features a
wrap-around screen that is capable of showing you missed alerts and
notifications and even a "night clock" that shows you a dim clock to peek at
when you wake up in the middle of the night.

Like the iPhone's 3D Touch, these features are very impressive in a demo, but I
haven't found them to be of much use in the real world. That doesn't mean I
don't like the phone. It's practically a work of art, but as pretty as it is,
the wrap-around screen hasn't improved my life.

If you had asked me about Siri or Google Now's voice features before I had lived
with them for awhile, I might have questioned their utility, but now I can't
imagine using a phone without them. I stuck some Velcro on the back of the
Galaxy S6 Edge+ phone and on the dashboard of my car, so the phone is perched
where I can see Google Maps when I drive and if I need to program the GPS, I
simply say "OK Google," and tell it where I want to go. Apple's Siri is equally
adept at setting your destination in Apple's mapping app and Microsoft's new
Cortana, in Windows 10, allows you to talk to your PC as well as Windows phones.

These voice features also let you place calls, which is now how I place nearly
all my calls even when I'm not driving. It's just easier to say "Call Patti,"
than to select her name even from a quick dial setting.

So, congratulations Apple for once again re-inventing how we interact with
phones.

And let's touch-basein a few weeks to see just how good an idea it really was.

Contact Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS (AM 740 and FM 106.9) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 9: Apple Senior Vice President of
Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
during a Special Event at Bill Graham Civic Auditorium September 9, 2015 in San
Francisco, California. Apple Inc. unveiled latest iterations of its smart phone,
forecasted to be the 6S and 6S Plus and announced an update to its Apple TV
set-top box. (Photo by Stephen Lam/ Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Best smartphone brands for customer satisfaction;
SMARTPHONES

BYLINE: Newsday

SECTION: ; Pg. SA2

LENGTH: 276 words


Samsung Galaxy Note 5

iPhone 6s (left) and 6s Plus

Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+

Check out the best smartphone brands from the American Customer Satisfaction
Index. The study used data from interviews with roughly 70,000 customers to
gauge user satisfaction with these smartphone makers and their products.

1. Galaxy Note5

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 86

2. iPhone 6s Plus

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 85

3. Galaxy S6 edge+

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 84

4. Galaxy Note 4

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 84

5. iPhone 6s

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 83

6. Galaxy S6 active

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 82

7. iPhone 6 Plus

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 82

8. Galaxy S6 edge

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 81

9. Moto G

Manufacturer: Motorola 2016 score: 81

10. Galaxy S6

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 80

11. Galaxy S III

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 80

12. iPhone 5

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 80

13. iPhone 6

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 80

14. Galaxy S4

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 79

15. Galaxy S5

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 79

16. iPhone 5s

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 78

17. Galaxy Grand Prime

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 77

18. HTC Desire 626

Manufacturer: HTC 2016 score: 76

19. LG G4

Manufacturer: LG 2016 score: 76

20. LG G3

Manufacturer: LG 2016 score: 75

21. iPhone 4

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 75

22. iPhone 4s

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 75

23. Galaxy Core Prime

Manufacturer: Samsung 2016 score: 74

24. iPhone 5c

Manufacturer: Apple 2016 score: 74

25. Moto E

Manufacturer: Motorola 2016 score: 71

26. G Stylo

Manufacturer: LG 2016 score: 70

27. HTC Desire

Manufacturer: HTC 2016 score: 67

28. Leon LTE

Manufacturer: LG 2016 score: 67

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Singapore will be one of the first countries to sell new Apple iPhone SE

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In Cupertino (California)

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 399 words


Apple's newly announced iPhone SE, the successor to the iPhone 5s, will launch
in Singapore on March 31, marking a renewed attempt at the mid-range phone
market here.

Singapore will be one of the first 12 markets - including the United States,
China and Japan - to start selling the 4-inch iPhone next week.

Apple is taking pre-orders from today at prices starting at $658 for the basic
16GB model. The 64GB model goes for $828. Neither comes with telco contracts.

The iPhone SE has the same basic design as the iPhone 5s, which was launched in
September 2013, but sports the souped-up innards of the iPhone 6s launched last
year.

For instance, the iPhone SE has the same processor, and 12-megapixel rear and
5-megapixel front-facing camera, as the iPhone 6s. It supports the Apple Pay
e-wallet function, and is able to take ultra-high definition 4K videos and
moving images called Live Photos.

It is smaller than the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display sizes of the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus, respectively.

IDC Asia-Pacific research manager Kiranjeet Kaur said the new phone is Apple's
renewed attempt at the mid-range market. "Apple stopped shipping the iPhone 5s
to Singapore from the second quarter of last year," she said, adding that the
iPhone 5c, launched here in September 2013, was also unable to capture this
segment as it was regarded as too expensive ($848 for a 16GB model) for its
features and design.

Mr Clement Teo, senior analyst at market research firm Forrester, said the
iPhone SE will attract only a small group of users here. "Most people have
embraced the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with enthusiasm."

Violin teacher Eileen Chai, 38, belongs to this group of users.

"A smaller phone is easier for me as I have small hands. It fits easily in my
pocket too," she said. She has been waiting for an upgrade to the iPhone 5s,
which she is using now.

Another iPhone 5s user, Ms Beatrice Tan, 24, said she wants a 32GB model, which
Apple is not offering.

The account executive said: "I would upgrade to the iPhone SE, but why is there
no 32GB model'"

Meanwhile, there is still demand for a second-hand iPhone 5s.

Mr Ian Tan, senior director for marketing at used-phones e-marketplace Andios,
said demand is as high as that for a used iPhone 6.

Andios has seen several hundred used iPhones transacted since last November.
Around half are the iPhone 6, while the rest are a mixture of iPhone 5 and 5s.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the press taking photos and videos of the new 4-inch iPhone
SE at Apple Campus Town Hall in Cupertino, US. The smartphone goes on sale in 12
markets, including Singapore, next week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Apple Pay now available to RBC Debit and credit cardholders

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: New York



 TORONTO: As a market leader and strong supporter of advancing mobile payments,
RBC announced today that clients will now be able to use their personal Avion
and other RBC credit and debit cards with Apple Pay. Beginning today, RBC
clients who use iPhone and Apple Watch can make contactless point-of-sale
purchases at participating merchants accepting contactless payments.


 "For RBC, innovation and advancing mobile payments are fundamental to how we
are meeting the evolving expectations of our clients and ensuring that we are
everywhere our clients want us to be," said Linda Mantia, executive
vice-president, Digital, Payments and Cards at RBC. "We're happy to provide RBC
clients with convenience and choice of using Apple Pay. As mobile payments
technology continues to mature in Canada, these kinds of innovative payment
solutions give clients the ability to make mobile transactions seamless."
 RBC, as a market leader in payment innovation, has a strong history of
investing heavily in person-to-person payments and mobile technology. RBC
recently announced free Interac e-Transfers for personal chequing account
customers. More than half of all RBC e-Transfers are sent using a mobile device.

 RBC also announced today the introduction of Touch ID and Single Sign On for
the iOS Mobile App and iOS Mobile Wallet.
 Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and bene[#xfb01]ts offered by credit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple
Watch. When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is
compatible with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      April 14, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone SE, 6 & 6S Now Available At Rs. 999 per month Under Corporate
Leasing Plan

BYLINE: Anand Karwa

LENGTH: 385  words


We all were expecting Apple iPhone SE to be a budget iPhone priced under Rs.
30,000, but when Apple launched it with a price tag of Rs. 39,000 then all hopes
were dashed to the ground. Apple was widely criticized for being too outrageous
for its pricing policies, which in my opinion is nothing new.

Now in order to catch up with the lost sales momentum that it lost due to its
poor pricing decision, Apple has announced iPhone leasing plan for corporate
users. With this plan corporates would be able to lease the latest iPhones
starting at Rs. 999/month.

Rs. 999 p.m. Leasing Plan for iPhone SE, iPhone 6 & iPhone 6s

According to the reports, corporate users would be able to buy iPhone SE (16
GB), iPhone 6 (16 GB), and iPhone 6s (16 GB) by paying Rs. 999/month,
1,199/month, and Rs. 1,399/month for 2 years.

This translates to Rs. 23,976 for iPhone SE when bought under the corporate
plan.

Apple has not yet revealed who will be classified as corporate customers. Is it
the individuals working at corporates or corporate houses ordering iPhone in
bulk? It is also not clear whether the corporate users would have to pay any
down-payment for taking the iPhones on a 2 year lease programme. Hopefully,
Apple will clear the air on these doubts very soon.

iPhone SE is targeted at those who either want the goodness of iPhones in a
small form-factor or can't shell out a fortune for trying the iOS ecosystem.
Whatever be the case, this corporate leasing plan aims to offer iPhones at a
very affordable monthly price just like what it offers in partnership with
telecom operators in the western countries.

Also the users enrolled in this corporate plan can easily switch between
different iPhone models by paying the difference in the amount at any given
point of time.

Now, this can either be a huge success or just another failure of a marketing
plan of a big MNC depending upon Apple's T&Cs for this corporate plan. This
corporate plan would maintain its appeal if Apple allows individual salaried
people to buy it without any down payment. I would certainly ditch my Android
phone and go try the iPhone 6s. Would you?

I was joking. I know for sure that Apple won't make its iPhone so affordable in
India. It will introduce something or the other to dissuade the masses from
trying out the iPhones. What do you think?

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple's suppliers in China benefit from environmental innovation

LENGTH: 445  words


An innovative stage in the production of the latest iPhone models might help all
its suppliers, especially those in China, to cut carbon emissions and improve
efficiency.

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, September 9, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

BEIJING - An innovative stage in the production of the latest iPhone models
might help all its suppliers, especially those in China, to cut carbon emissions
and improve efficiency, according to an Apple executive on Monday.

"The biggest change is in the aluminum enclosure," said Lisa Jackson, vice
president of environment, policy and social initiatives at Apple. "We are able
to cut carbon emissions for manufacturing that part of the phone by half."

Apple has reduced the carbon emissions of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by 16
percent and 14 percent, respectively, from last year's models, according to the
product environmental report on its website.

Apple has re-engineered the way it makes its phone enclosures, so that less
aluminum scrap is generated, Jackson told Xinhua through a telephone interview,
adding that most of the enclosures are manufactured in China.

Meanwhile, hydroelectric power is used during aluminum smelting rather than
fossil fuels like coal, Jackson said.

It is important since "it makes our supply chain in China as well as in other
places more efficient, and we use less energy and get more out of the aluminum,"
she said.

Apple has worked hard toward its environmental and climate commitments in recent
years. To date, all its facilities in the United States use 100 percent
renewable energy, while globally it is 87 percent.

Apple is building a 40-megawatt solar power project in southwestern Sichuan
province. The project, the first of its kind the company has launched outside
the United States, will add 80 million kilowatt hours of clean energy to the
grid annually.

When completed, by the end of this year, the project is expected to produce
enough energy to power all Apple's facilities in China. Currently, Apple has 19
corporate offices, including 17 in the mainland and two in Hong Kong, as well as
20 retail stores in Chinese mainland and four in Hong Kong.

Apple feels obligated to cut carbon emissions in its supply chain, which is
responsible for 72 percent of its total carbon footprint, Jackson said.

Re-engineering the production process of aluminum enclosures is a step forward.

"It's the beginning of our answer to the problem of how to reduce the carbon
footprint of our supply chain," Jackson said. "I think China benefits from
this."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/144289573547.jpg

b083fe955b6c176af6ef18.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                              CourierMail Edition

Bigger bite by Apple

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 250  words


APPLE yesterday revealed a giant iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new -
iPhones that are smarter, faster and tougher than ever.

Apple chief Tim Cook unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad Pro
and a revamped Apple TV that, with its own app store, is Apple's bid to grab
part of the $US34 billion ($48 billion) games console market.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same as last year's models, with a 4.7-inch
(12cm) screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch (14cm) screen for the bigger phablet.
But under the hood there are improvements, as well as a tougher aluminium body
and glass.

The new phones have "3D Touch", which lets you quickly access features of the
phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12-megapixel
camera.

Selfie fans will appreciate an upgrade to the front-facing camera, to five
megapixels, plus the ability to use the glow of the touchscreen as a flash.

Apple also made a push into productivity with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch (30cm)
tablet that lets you view apps side-by-side in split-screen.

While Apple co-founder Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any
stylus besides a finger, Apple launched the "Pencil" along with a fold-up
keyboard.

Potentially the biggest announcement was the launch of a new Apple TV, with an
app store that will allow third-party app makers to transfer popular games,
news, entertainment and lifestyle apps from mobile devices to television
screens.Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6S Images Leaked Online

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, July 1 -- Images of Apple's next anticipated smartphone iPhone 6S have
been reportedly leaked to 9to5Mac.com. These images allegedly taken by a from
within the Apple's suppliers show the internal and external view of a sliver
metal casing. The casing looks pretty much similar to the the previous model of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in terms of the anodised aluminium, thickness and width.

However, the internal aspect of the casing looks a bit different and looks to
support a new logic board. The rumored DSLR type camera in the phone might just
be low as the camera and LED flash holes in the casing looks the similar to its
predecessor.

According to a leaked email from Vodafone, the phone is expected to hit the
market on September 2015 as iPhone 6S or 6s Plus or even as iPhone 7.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

Images of Apple iPhone 6S Smartphone Leaked Online

LENGTH: 164 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, July 3 -- Images of Apple's next anticipated smartphone iPhone 6S have
been reportedly leaked to 9to5Mac.com. These images allegedly taken by a from
within the Apple's suppliers show the internal and external view of a sliver
metal casing. The casing looks pretty much similar to the the previous model of
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in terms of the anodised aluminium, thickness and width.

However, the internal aspect of the casing looks a bit different and looks to
support a new logic board. The rumored DSLR type camera in the phone might just
be low as the camera and LED flash holes in the casing looks the similar to its
predecessor.

According to a leaked email from Vodafone, the phone is expected to hit the
market on September 2015 as iPhone 6S or 6s Plus or even as iPhone 7.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       April 4, 2016 Monday 11:21 AM EST

iPhone 7's best feature may be limited to the 5.5-inch model

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437  words


Click for image

Though the original iPhone camera was nothing special, Apple has made a
concerted effort over the past few years to invest more heavily in camera
technologies and related R&D. Indeed, a recent profile on Apple from 60 minutes
revealed that Apple has no less than 800 scientists and engineers all working on
improving the iPhone's camera quality. Clearly, Apple's commitment towards
improving mobile camera quality cannot be questioned, or perhaps even rivaled.

As a result, the iPhone camera today is arguably the best on the market. Though
the recently released Galaxy S7 has performed well in testing, it stands to
reason that the upcoming iPhone 7 will once again set a new bar for mobile
camera performance.

Specifically, it's largely believed that Apple with the iPhone 7 will implement
a dual-camera system that will result in photographs with less noise, more
clarity and improved color fidelity. What's more, a dual camera system would
improve the ability of the device to maintain image quality and detail when
zooming in while also improving overall low light performance.

While that all sounds great, a new report from reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via
MacRumors) suggests that the feature may only be available on the
larger-screened 5.5-inch iPhone 7 model.

New iPhone shipments to be capped by similar form factor as iPhone 6s & 6s Plus;
top hardware upgrade is dual-camera (5.5-inch model only), though many competing
models with dual-camera will launch soon, joining others already on the market;
first impressions could underwhelm.

While this may be disappointing who find the 5.5-inch iPhone model to be a bit
unwieldy and cumbersome to use, it's not all that surprising. Going back to the
iPhone 6, Apple has always provided an incentive for users to upgrade to its
larger screened iPhone model. With the iPhone 6s lineup, for example, only the
iPhone 6s Plus was graced with optical image stabilization.

As far as other iPhone 7 features are concerned, it's believed that the iPhone 7
will be waterproof and dustproof, will support wireless charging, and will
feature more RAM along with a 256GB storage option. Of course, the most widely
discussed iPhone 7 feature, if you want to call it that, is that the device may
ship without the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack.

While there have been rumblings that Apple is actively exploring the use of OLED
displays, it's believed that we'll have to wait until the iPhone 7s at the
earliest before witnessing a change to Apple's favored display technology.

Lastly, the following video serves to demonstrate the advantage of a dual camera
implementation.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               South Wales Argus

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Customers rush to get hands on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 234 words


A CUSTOMER who had camped out all week was the first to cross the threshold of
an Apple Store as the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus went on sale this morning.

The new smartphones have Apple's new pressure sensitive screen, called 3D Touch,
as well as a redesigned camera.

Sam Shaikh, from Stratford, was the first to enter the Apple Store in Covent
Garden, London, having been outside "since 8.30pm on Monday night".

The 29-year-old was greeted by claps and cheers from the staff, as they welcomed
the first of several hundred customers waiting outside.

Mr Shaikh said he was also the first person in the queue last year when the
iPhone 6 launched.

The new iPhone is looking to repeat the success of the record-breaking launch of
the iPhone 6 last year, which sold 10 million units in its first days of sale.

The firm has already said it believes it is "on pace" to match last year's
sales.

Several hundred people queued outside the Covent Garden outlet, with coffee
being handed out to those who had waited overnight.

The launch marks the beginning of a busy autumn period for Apple, which also has
a new Apple Watch coming in partnership with fashion brand Hermes, as well as a
larger iPad Pro, which is due to launch in November.

Earlier this month, Chinese smartphone Huawei also announced a phone with a
pressure sensitive screen - with experts suggesting it could spark greater
competition in the smartphone market.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

iPhone orders  of over 10m

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 366 words


The Chinese debut of the prior models, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, was delayed last
year as the company awaited approval from regulators. Many analysts say China is
poised to overtake the US as Apple s biggest market.

Searching for signs of whether Apple can top its 2014 performance, investors
were initially encouraged by the company s remarks but later tempered their
enthusiasm.

Apple shares were up 0.7% in afternoon trading after rising as much as 2.3%
earlier in the session.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of advance orders it received for the
new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Analysts had expected about 4.5m for the first 24
hours, compared with 4m during the first day last year.

Apple began taking orders on Saturday for the phones, which will begin shipping
on September 25.

The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone 6S Plus,
the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the pre-order
period.

Pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the world,  Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the company had always had a burst of
sales of new phones from die-hard fans and customers who are due for an upgrade.

Will these phones have the same staying power as the iPhone 6?  he asked.  It s
still going to be a challenge.

The exclusion of the Chinese market last year set a low bar Apple to clear with
pre-orders this year, he said.

However, John Jackson of IDC said the 6S and 6S Plus  strong early performance
dampened concerns on Wall Street.

Apple has this track record of outperforming its own out-performance, but the
iPhone 6 looks like an extraordinarily tough act to follow,  he said.

FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said he was encouraged by the
response in China, where Apple s website showed particularly long wait times for
the phones.

Last week, Apple announced the phones, as well as a new TV set-top box that
responds to voice commands, but the new products underwhelmed many social media
commentators and investors.

Apple relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated nearly
two-thirds of its revenue in the latest quarter.

Reuters

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Tribune (South Africa)

                               September 20, 2015
                                   E1 Edition

Bigger and better

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 742 words


Steve Jobs must be spinning in his grave. Before his death in 2011 the Apple
co-founder and chief executive famously scoffed at the idea of a bigger screened
iPhone, saying "no one" would want one. A year ago, his successor Tim Cook
unveiled not one, but two bigger-screened iPhones. Both have been runaway
successes.

Jobs was equally dismissive of the idea of pairing a stylus with a touch screen
device.

"Who wants a stylus?" he asked at the launch of the original iPhone in 2007.

"You have to get 'em, put 'em away. You lose them. Yuck," he added.

At Apple's most recent launch event last week, marketing chief Phil Schiller
revealed, wait for it, a stylus.

To be fair to Jobs, he was dissing the idea of using a stylus with that first
iPhone with its tiny 3.5-inch screen, while the new Apple Pencil is designed to
be used with the enormous 12.9-inch iPad Pro, revealed at the same event.

While Jobs was clearly wrong about no one wanting a bigger iPhone, I think he'd
have been grudgingly pleased with where Apple finds itself today - hugely
profitable with devices almost everyone wants but only a relatively few can
afford.

There's certainly no denying that the new iPhones 6S and 6S Plus are real
stunners. They may look identical to last year's models - apart from a new Rose
Gold colour option - but there have been plenty of changes under their gorgeous
metal and glass exteriors.

First a bit about said exteriors. Both the aluminium bodies and glass screens
are significantly tougher than those found on last year's models, no doubt a
reaction to the overblown but nonetheless embarrassing "bendgate" saga.

I'm sure it won't be long before some clown posts a video on YouTube of himself
bending one of these new iPhones, but I seriously doubt average users will have
anything to worry about on this score.

Turning to their innards, both new iPhones will run iOS 9, the latest version of
Apple's mobile operating system, bringing a host of improvements including a
cleverer, more efficient version of Apple's speaking personal assistant, Siri,
as well as better maps.

Apple says its new A9 processor |is 70 percent faster, with 90 percent faster
graphics performance. It also claims the processor is more power efficient.
Let's hope so given that the 6S sports a smaller battery than its predecessor.

If you're an avid smartphone photographer, you'll be thrilled about the
improvements to the camera in the new iPhones.

With the previous three iterations, Apple stuck stubbornly with an 8MP sensor,
despite rivals coming out with 16MP, 21MP and even 41MP snappers.

Apple argued, with some justification, that good digital images are about a lot
more than raw megapixel count - a variation of the old "it's not the size of the
tool, but what you do with it" argument.

Still, I'm pleased to see the new models feature a beefier 12MP camera. I've
little doubt that this, combined with other imaging improvements, will put the
new iPhone back in contention as one of the best cameraphones around.

A word of caution if you are serious about photography, though. Only the bigger
6S Plus has optical image stabilisation. This is particularly important if you
plan to use the phone's new 4K video capture capability.

As predicted, both new models will come with force touch - or "3D Touch" as
Apple dubs it in an attempt, no doubt, to differentiate it from an almost
identical feature revealed a week earlier by Huawei at the release of its Mate
S.

3D Touch lets you execute different commands on your device depending on how
hard you press on the display - for example pressing harder on a picture will
let you zoom in on it.

Apart from the minor quibbles I've voiced so far, my only big gripe is about
Apple's decision to release a version of the 6S with a piddling - by today's
standards - 16GB of internal storage.

If you take lots of pictures and videos or download plenty of apps and games,
you'll find yourself running out of digital shelf space very quickly with this
model. If at all possible go for the pricier 64GB and 128GB models when they
land in South Africa, probably around November.

Local prices haven't been announced, but don't expect them to start at less than
R15 000 for the entry level 16GB 6S. And if the rand continues on its current
trajectory, I wouldn't be surprised if the top-of-the-range 128GB 6S Plus comes
in above the R20 000 mark.

Scary stuff, but I bet there won't be any shortage of takers.

Follow Alan Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Better photos, animated shots in new iPhones

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun; The Associated Press

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 517 words

ABSTRACT

Review: New iPhones bring better cameras, animation in still images, shortcuts
to tasks

FULL TEXT

NEW YORK >> Photography gets even better with Apple's new iPhones.

Although the iPhone is already among the best smartphones for everyday shots,
images from previous iPhones haven't been as sharp as what rival cameras
produce. The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models address that, with 50 percent more
detail, while introducing animation for still images and brighter low-light
selfies.

Screens remain at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally, but they have new
technology offering shortcuts to frequent tasks.

The iPhone 6s starts at $200 with a two-year contract in the U.S., and $649
without. The Plus costs $100 more. Both models start shipping Friday in the
U.S., China, Japan, the U.K. and several other markets. Last year's models are
now $100 cheaper than the new ones.

You might not need a 6s if you just got a new phone last year, but go for the 6s
over the 6 if you're ready to upgrade from an older model. After testing both
new models for nearly two weeks, I find the price difference worth it.

Cameras get better

At 12 megapixels, instead of 8 megapixels, the new cameras produce sharper
photos. The difference is particularly noticeable when cropping or enlarging
photos for printing. Samsung's high-end phones are at 16 megapixels, but their
images are wider. If you chop off the sides to match the iPhone's 4-by-3 ratio,
resolution is about the same. More important is getting your shot in focus, and
the automatic focus on both cameras is good.

Other improvements in the iPhone's camera result in better contrast and less
distortion than before. Trees look greener and buildings browner in several test
shots. Samsung's phones have also been good at contrast, but colors are
sometimes off. Orange construction barriers look red using Samsung's Galaxy S6
phone, while a greenish statue came out grey. The iPhones reproduce colors more
accurately.

For video, the iPhone catches up with several Android phones and can now record
at Ultra HD, also known as 4K. There aren't many 4K displays available yet, so
this is mostly about recording memories for tomorrow's screens. But the new
phones do let you zoom in during playback, so you can see some of that 4K detail
today. The Plus model also has better anti-shake technology, so scenes don't
look as though you're on a boat.

Still images on the front camera improve to 5 megapixels, from 1.2 megapixels,
matching Samsung's phones. Better yet, the new iPhone's screen functions as a
flash so faces come out when snapping selfies in bars and other low-light
settings. This is rare in smartphones.

Animated photos

When you open the camera app, the phone continually records video in the
background. Snap a shot, and the phone saves some of that video leading to that
shot, plus some afterward - three seconds in all. Now, that photo comes to life
when you view it. Apple calls this "Live Photos." Just tap and hold the screen
to see the three-second animation. Share it with other iPhones, the Apple Watch
and Mac computers - and soon, through Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               September 20, 2015
                                   E1 Edition

Bigger and better

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 742 words


Steve Jobs must be spinning in his grave. Before his death in 2011 the Apple
co-founder and chief executive famously scoffed at the idea of a bigger screened
iPhone, saying "no one" would want one. A year ago, his successor Tim Cook
unveiled not one, but two bigger-screened iPhones. Both have been runaway
successes.

Jobs was equally dismissive of the idea of pairing a stylus with a touch screen
device.

"Who wants a stylus?" he asked at the launch of the original iPhone in 2007.

"You have to get 'em, put 'em away. You lose them. Yuck," he added.

At Apple's most recent launch event earlier this month, marketing chief Phil
Schiller revealed, wait for it, a stylus.

To be fair to Jobs, he was dissing the idea of using a stylus with that first
iPhone with its tiny 3.5-inch screen, while the new Apple Pencil is designed to
be used with the enormous 12.9-inch iPad Pro, revealed at the same event.

While Jobs was clearly wrong about no one wanting a bigger iPhone, I think he'd
be have been grudgingly pleased with where Apple finds itself today - hugely
profitable with devices almost everyone wants but only a relatively few can
afford.

There's certainly no denying that the new iPhones 6S and 6S Plus are real
stunners. They may look identical to last year's models - apart from a new Rose
Gold colour option - but there have been plenty of changes under their gorgeous
metal and glass exteriors.

First a bit about said exteriors. Both the aluminium bodies and glass screens
are significantly tougher than those found on last year's models no doubt a
reaction to the overblown but nonetheless embarrassing "bendgate" saga.

I'm sure it won't be long before some clown posts a video on YouTube of himself
bending one of these new iPhones, but I seriously doubt average users will have
anything to worry about on this score.

Turning to their innards, both new iPhones will run iOS 9, the latest version of
Apple's mobile operating system, bringing a host of improvements including a
cleverer, more efficient version of Apple's speaking personal assistant, Siri,
as well as better maps.

Apple says its new A9 processor is 70 percent faster, with 90 percent faster
graphics performance. It also claims the processor is more power efficient.
Let's hope so, given that the 6S sports a smaller battery than its predecessor.

If you're an avid smartphone photographer, you'll be thrilled about the
improvements to the camera in the new iPhones. With the previous three
iterations, Apple stuck stubbornly with an 8MP sensor, despite rivals coming out
with 16MP, 21MP and even 41MP snappers.

Apple argued, with some justification, that good digital images are about a lot
more than raw megapixel count - a variation of the old "it's not the size of the
tool, but what you do with it" argument.

Still, I'm pleased to see the new models feature a beefier 12MP camera. I've
little doubt that this, combined with other imaging improvements, will put the
new iPhone back in contention as one of the best cameraphones around.

A word of caution if you are serious about photography, though. Only the bigger
6S Plus has optical image stabilisation. This is particularly important if you
plan to use the phone's new 4K video capture capability.

As predicted, both new models will come with force touch - or "3D Touch" as
Apple dubs it in an attempt, no doubt, to differentiate it from an almost
identical feature revealed a week earlier by Huawei at the release of its Mate
S.

3D Touch lets you execute different commands on your device depending on how
hard you press on the display - for example pressing harder on a picture will
let you zoom in on it.

Apart from the minor quibbles I've voiced so far, my only big gripe is about
Apple's decision to release a version of the 6S with a piddling - by today's
standards - 16GB of internal storage.

If you take lots of pictures and videos or download plenty of apps and games,
you'll find yourself rapidly running out of digital shelf space with this model.
If at all possible go for the pricier 64GB and 128GB models when they land in
South Africa, probably around November.

Local prices haven't been announced, but don't expect them to start at less than
R15 000 for the entry level 16GB 6S. And if the rand continues on it's current
trajectory, I wouldn't be surprised if the top-of-the-range 128GB 6S Plus comes
in above the R20 000 mark.

Scary stuff, but I bet there won't be any shortage of takers.

l Follow Cooper on Twitter @alanqcooper.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 14, 2015 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

iPhone 5s at Half the Price in 3 Months

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 443 words


Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the third time
in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September levels, in a bid
to shore up sales as demand for flagships iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has nosedived
after Diwali.

iPhone 5s prices now start at . 24,999, down from ' ' . 44,500 in September.
This makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest globally, despite the
depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India among markets where
Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

"iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sale has again dampened after a brief period of pick up
during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of iPhone
5s," a senior executive with a leading retail chain said. "This is interesting
since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian market and companies
seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models," he said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dussehra in October and then
again before Diwali in November.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time Sunday .

According to trade sources, the US tech giant's latest move is triggered

by its plans to double India sales in the crucial October-December quarter, a
high sales period for Apple globally as it's the launch period of new iPhones.

Analysts said Apple's price cut of iPhone 5s is part of its strategy to build a
stronger portfolio in the midsegment smartphone market, which is one of the
fastest growing in India.

"The $250-400 (.'16,000\xAD27,000) price band is where Apple wants to focus its
energies in India since they want to lock in more consumers into their
eco-system which would build up a base for upgradation when newer iPhones are
launched and also since Indian consumers find the latest iPhone model prices
higher," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase. He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model.

Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete better with top smartphone
maker Samsung.

"Samsung's A and E series smartphones are operating in this price band, but the
Korean firm has not yet launched any newer models in these segments, hence Apple
can significantly gain share this quarter," a senior executive with a leading
cellphone chain said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday
                                 First Edition

Nexus and iPhone go head-to-head on photo quality;
IMAGING

BYLINE: Terry Lane

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Livewire; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 622  words


After a couple of happy years with the iPhone we have switched to Android and
bought a Google Nexus 5X. We made the change with some trepidation, concerned
that the camera in the Nexus might not be up to the stellar performance of the
iPhone 6s.

The world arbiter of smartphone camera performance is DxOMark Mobile and they
give the Nexus 6P - a bigger phone with the same camera module and image
stabilisation added - a higher ranking than the iPhone 6s and equal to the 6s
Plus. We were sceptical.

Both the iPhone and the Nexus 5X shoot 4K video, and we know from experience
that the iPhone video is superb. Could a phone costing less than half the price
of the Apple device possibly produce video as good? The answer is yes. The Nexus
5X doesn't have stabilisation and neither does the iPhone 6s but if you have a
steady hand this is not a problem. We got smooth video from both.

Both the iPhone and the Nexus - made by LG - have high-definition displays with
good colour right. The iPhone comes with iMovie installed for editing, and on
the Nexus there is a video-editing function that is rubbish. The free Adobe
Premiere Clip works but is no match for iMovie.

There is no problem connecting the Nexus to iMacs or MacBooks. Airdroid does it
wirelessly and Android File Transfer does it from USB-C on the phone to USB-A on
the Mac. Android to Mac connectivity is easier than iPhone to Mac because it
doesn't involve either the awful iTunes or buying a third-party application. And
for Windows the Nexus simply shows up as an external drive under MyComputer.

Comparing still photographs, both produce sharply focused, well exposed, colour
correct images. On the iPhone the Photos app is both a gallery and an editing
program. In Google Photos the gallery function is similar but the editing module
is not as fully featured as Apple Photos. Snapseed or Lightroom Mobile give a
wider range of controls on the Nexus. Both Photos apps sync automatically in the
background with Mac or Windows.

For the 16GB models there is a $500 price difference that we couldn't justify.
The iPhone is more beautiful and comes with bragging rights but it's a lot to
pay for a brand.

REVIEW

FUJIFILM X-Pro2

Price: $2400 body only

THE LOWDOWN

This is Fujifilm's top camera with a new 24 megapixel X-Trans sensor in a tough,
beautifully made magnesium body. It has a version of Fujifilm's hybrid
viewfinder - it can be a straight-through optical bright line finder or an
electronic viewfinder, or combinations of both. There is even an electronic
simulation of a split image range-finder for manual focus. Aperture priority is
set with an old-fashioned lens ring and the shutter speed with a body-top knob.
Set them both to A and it is the equivalent of P on a conventional camera. The
shutter button has a threaded socket for a mechanical cable release. There are
dual SD card slots. ISO speeds go up to 12800 and, yes, it is usable.

LIKE

The image quality is excellent even at high ISO speeds. The outstanding quality
of Fujifilm lenses is almost enough to justify the purchase of the camera. The
classic aperture ring/shutter speed knob selectors is how it should be done.

DISLIKE

The camera is unnecessarily large and heavy. It is heavier than the X-T1 which
has the same size (lower resolution) APS sensor. And placing the viewfinder at
the extreme left of the body makes for awkward handling. And the LCD doesn't
swivel. In 2016?

VERDICT

The Fujifilm X-Pro2 will appeal to the brand fans who own lenses and like the
retro design and the overall feel that this is a camera designed by thoughtful
photographers, combining the best of classic camera design and function with the
advantages offered by digital. For newcomers to the category the excitement may
be muted.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Cheaper than an iPhone 6, but for photographers every bit as
good.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 15, 2015 Tuesday

Apple slashes prices of iPhone 5s to almost half in three months

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


KOLKATA: Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the
third time in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September
levels, in a bid to shore up sales as demand for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has nose
dived after Diwali.

iPhone 5s prices now starts at Rs 24,999, down from Rs 44,500 in September. This
makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest globally, despite the
depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India among markets where
Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

"iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales has again dampened after a brief period of pick up
during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of iPhone
5s," a senior executive with a leading retail chain said. "This is interesting
since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian market and companies
seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models," he said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dussehra in October and then
again before Diwali in November. An email sent to Apple did not elicit any
response as of press time Sunday. According to trade sources, the US tech
giant's latest move is triggered by its plans to double India sales in the
crucial December quarter, a high sales period for Apple globally as it's the
launch period of new iPhones. Analysts said Apple's price cut of iPhone 5s is
part of its strategy to build a stronger portfolio in the mid-segment smartphone
market.

"The $250-400 (Rs 16,000-Rs 27,000) price band is where Apple wants to focus its
energies in India since they want to lock in more consumers into their
eco-system which would build up a base for upgradation when newer iPhones are
launched," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase. He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model. Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete
better.

"Samsung's A and E series smartphones are operating in this price band, but the
Korean company has not yet launched any newer models in these segments, hence
Apple can significantly gain share this quarter," a senior executive with a
leading cellphone chain said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 14, 2015 Monday
                                Kolkata Edition

Buy iPhone 5s at Half the Price

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: CAMPANIES

LENGTH: 444 words


Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the third time
in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September levels, in a bid
to shore up sales as demand for flagships iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has nosedived
after Diwali.

iPhone 5s prices now starts at ' . 24,999, down from '. 44,500 in September.This
makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest globally, despite the
depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India among markets where
Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

"iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales has again dampened after a brief period of pick up
during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of iPhone
5s," a senior executive with a leading retail chain said. "This is interesting
since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian market and companies
seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models," he said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dussehra in October and then
again before Diwali in November.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response as of press time Sunday .

According to trade sources, the US tech giant's latest move is triggered by its
plans to double India sales in the crucial OctoberDecember quarter, a high sales
period for Apple globally as it's the launch period of new iPhones.

Analysts said Apple's price cut of iPhone 5s is part of its strategy to bu

ild a stronger portfolio in the mid-segment smartphone market, which is one of
the fastest growing in India.

"The $250-400 (. ' '16,000\xAD.27,000) price band is where Apple wants to focus
its energies in India since they want to lock in more consumers into their
ecosystem which would build up a base for upgradation when newer iPhones are
launched and also since Indian consumers find the latest iPhone model prices
higher," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase. He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model.

Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete better with top smartphone
maker Samsung.

"Samsung's A and E series smartphones are operating in this price band, but the
Korean firm has not yet launched any newer models in these segments, hence Apple
can significantly gain share this quarter," a senior executive with a leading
cellphone chain said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 9:40 AM GMT

Apple turnover good as customers rush to get hands on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 234 words


A customer who had camped out all week was the first to cross the threshold of
an Apple Store as the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus went on sale this morning.

The new smartphones have Apple's new pressure sensitive screen, called 3D Touch,
as well as a redesigned camera.

Sam Shaikh, from Stratford, was the first to enter the Apple Store in Covent
Garden, London, having been outside "since 8.30pm on Monday night".

The 29-year-old was greeted by claps and cheers from the staff, as they welcomed
the first of several hundred customers waiting outside.

Mr Shaikh said he was also the first person in the queue last year when the
iPhone 6 launched.

The new iPhone is looking to repeat the success of the record-breaking launch of
the iPhone 6 last year, which sold 10 million units in its first days of sale.

The firm has already said it believes it is "on pace" to match last year's
sales.

Several hundred people queued outside the Covent Garden outlet, with coffee
being handed out to those who had waited overnight.

The launch marks the beginning of a busy autumn period for Apple, which also has
a new Apple Watch coming in partnership with fashion brand Hermes, as well as a
larger iPad Pro, which is due to launch in November.

Earlier this month, Chinese smartphone Huawei also announced a phone with a
pressure sensitive screen - with experts suggesting it could spark greater
competition in the smartphone market.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              April 3, 2016 Sunday

Beyond size, what you get and give up with iPhone SE

BYLINE: ANICK JESDANUN

SECTION: Z; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 667 words


The Associated Press

NEW YORK - Unless you take a lot of selfies or need a bigger phone, Apple's new
4-inch iPhone SE is a good choice at a good price.

You get the same 12-megapixel rear camera that's in the much larger iPhone 6S,
but for $250 less, at about $400. You also get the same speeds and graphics
capabilities.

Of course, you don't get everything. The SE isn't going to be right for
everyone, especially power users. Now that Apple has started taking orders, with
shipments due in a week, keep these differences in mind:

"Most noticeable is the front camera. The SE has an older 1.2-megapixel camera -
not the 5 megapixel one in the 6S. But with software improvements, selfies taken
with the SE came out better compared with the iPhone 5S it replaced. In
addition, the SE's screen turns into a front-camera flash. That's more important
than megapixels in darker settings.

"Though you get the same rear camera as the 6S, you don't get an
image-stabilizing feature found in the jumbo iPhone 6S Plus. This won't matter
to most people, though. I typically have to blow up shots and look real closely
for differences. You get the same options for panorama shots, slow motion and
high-resolution "4K" video in all three phones.

"The SE lacks a barometer, which means fitness apps won't record stairs climbed.
The SE also lacks 3D Touch, in which you can press on an icon hard and harder
for shortcuts and other options. Including it would have made the phone thicker.
You can still perform the same tasks, but might need an extra tap or two.

"The SE doesn't support "LTE Advanced" cellular technology, which can be twice
as fast as regular LTE. The iPhone 6 doesn't either, and frankly, I didn't even
notice when I got the 6S. There's one SE model for Sprint and another for AT&T,
T-Mobile and Verizon. China has a model, though both U.S. versions should work
there and elsewhere abroad - data will just potentially be slower without LTE
Advanced.

"The SE doesn't come in a version with 128 gigabytes of storage - just 16 GB for
starters and 64 GB for $100 more. Many high-power users will probably want a
bigger screen anyway, but if that's not the case, splurge for 64 GB. Your phone
will fill up quickly - especially as still images now come with three-second
videos by default, doubling storage requirements.

Promised battery life for video and Web surfing is 13 hours - a few hours better
than the 6S. It helps that there's less screen to light up.

The SE largely retains the boxy feel of the 5S, so old cases will work, but you
don't get a smoother feel from the larger phones' curved edges. On the other
hand, the smaller size feels more comfortable, and had there been a curved
design at that size, your phone might slip out of your hand more easily.

I ran 14 miles with the phone in my hand or pocket and forgot about it. Oh, I
miss that size. But the screen now feels tiny for reading and typing, now that
I'm used to a bigger one.

If you've been clinging on to your 5S because you don't want a larger iPhone,
now is a good time to upgrade. A new wireless chip enables payments with Apple
Pay. There's faster Wi-Fi, though not as fast as the 6S. You can also access the
Siri voice assistant anytime hands-free, without pressing the home button.

Though your 5S might last a few more months, it's going to get tougher to run
the latest software and apps. And the $400 price is $50 less than what the 5S
sold for. If your 5S is in good condition, you can trade it in at an Apple store
and get the SE for $240, in 24 monthly installments.

Many Android makers have shunned 4-inch screens in premium phones. You're stuck
with mid-range phones that lack high-end cameras and speeds. I had expected
older technology in the iPhone SE, as Apple usually has 2-year-old hardware at
this price. Instead, much of what's inside is just six months old - better than
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Sure, there are trade-offs, but at least Apple didn't try to pressure people
into larger models by skimping on what matters most.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Review: Beyond size, what you get and give up with iPhone SE

BYLINE: Anick Jesdanun

LENGTH: 666  words


Unless you take a lot of selfies or need a bigger phone, Apple's new 4-inch
iPhone SE is a good choice at a good price.

You get the same 12-megapixel rear camera that's in the much larger iPhone 6S,
but for $250 less, at about $400. You also get the same speeds and graphics
capabilities.

Of course, you don't get everything. The SE isn't going to be right for
everyone, especially power users. Now that Apple has started taking orders, with
shipments due in a week, keep these differences in mind:

- Most noticeable is the front camera. The SE has an older 1.2-megapixel camera
- not the 5 megapixel one in the 6S. But with software improvements, selfies
taken with the SE came out better compared with the iPhone 5S it replaced. In
addition, the SE's screen turns into a front-camera flash. That's more important
than megapixels in darker settings.

- Though you get the same rear camera as the 6S, you don't get an
image-stabilizing feature found in the jumbo iPhone 6S Plus. This won't matter
to most people, though. I typically have to blow up shots and look real closely
for differences. You get the same options for panorama shots, slow motion and
high-resolution 4K video in all three phones.

- The SE lacks a barometer, which means fitness apps won't record stairs
climbed. The SE also lacks 3D Touch, in which you can press on an icon hard and
harder for shortcuts and other options. Including it would have made the phone
thicker. You can still perform the same tasks, but might need an extra tap or
two.

- The SE doesn't support LTE Advanced cellular technology, which can be twice as
fast as regular LTE. The iPhone 6 doesn't either, and frankly, I didn't even
notice when I got the 6S. There's one SE model for Sprint and another for AT and
T, T-Mobile and Verizon. China has its own model, though both U.S. versions
should still work there and elsewhere abroad - data will just potentially be
slower without LTE Advanced.

- The SE doesn't come in a version with 128 gigabytes of storage - just 16 GB
for starters and 64 GB for $100 more. Many high-power users will probably want a
bigger screen anyway, but if that's not the case, splurge for at least 64 GB.
Your phone will fill up quickly - especially as still images now come with
three-second videos by default, doubling storage requirements.

Promised battery life for video and Web surfing is 13 hours - a few hours better
than the 6S. It helps that there's less screen to light up.

The SE largely retains the boxy feel of the 5S, so old cases will work, but you
don't get a smoother feel from the larger phones' curved edges. On the other
hand, the smaller size feels more comfortable, and had there been a curved
design at that size, your phone might slip out of your hand more easily.

I ran 14 miles with the phone in my hand or pocket and forgot about it. Oh, I
miss that size. But the screen now feels tiny for reading and typing, now that
I'm used to a bigger one.

If you've been clinging on to your 5S because you don't want a larger iPhone,
now is a good time to upgrade. A new wireless chip enables payments with Apple
Pay. There's faster Wi-Fi, though not as fast as the 6S. You can also access the
Siri voice assistant anytime hands-free, without pressing the home button.

Though your 5S might last a few more months, it's going to get tougher to run
the latest software and apps. And the $400 price is $50 less than what the 5S
sold for. If your 5S is in good condition, you can trade it in at an Apple store
and get the SE for $240, in 24 monthly installments.

Many Android makers have shunned 4-inch screens in premium phones. You're stuck
with mid-range phones that lack high-end cameras and speeds. I had expected
older technology in the iPhone SE, as Apple usually has 2-year-old hardware at
this price. Instead, much of what's inside is just six months old - better than
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Sure, there are trade-offs, but at least Apple didn't try to pressure people
into larger models by skimping on what matters most.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 1, 2016 Friday
                                Regional Edition

IPhone SE has some frills but stops short of pizazz

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama;

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 735 words


I've spent a week now with a review iPhone SE provided by Apple, and I'm happy
to recommend it to anyone who's interested in getting the company's latest
four-inch device.

I just won't count myself among them.

That's nothing against the phone itself, which is fast, light and the best value
on the market for its $400 price tag. But it's no secret that this phone isn't
really designed to draw big crowds - and reports indicate that it has not, as it
went on sale Thursday - or to lure people into an early upgrade from Apple's
larger phones. Overall, it's a logical addition to the iPhone line and one worth
considering, for a certain audience.

Headed into this review, I thought I might be among the potential buyers for the
SE. I was a slow convert to big screens. Yet somehow, although I've had my 6S
only for a few months, going back to the four-inch screen on the iPhone SE felt
like using a toy.

I don't mean that in a disparaging way. In terms of critical flaws with the SE,
I really don't have any to report. But it lacks the pizazz of a major phone
update - something Apple itself probably realizes, given that the company
introduced the SE in its traditionally smaller spring product launch. This is
not a break-down-the-door innovation, although the phone itself is as powerful a
device as you could hope for or expect at its price. It is solid, familiar and
practical.

In my first impressions of the phone, I described the SE as an iPhone 6S in the
body of an iPhone 5S, and I stand by that characterization. Running the same
game on my iPhone 6S and the iPhone SE, there was no noticeable difference in
performance, which speaks to the power Apple has packed into the smaller phone.
It certainly doesn't feel cheap. During the week I used it, I never had a
performance issue. Battery life was also about the same - even though the SE has
a smaller battery than its bigger sibling. There was also no appreciable
difference in call quality - in fact, the smaller phone seemed to fit the size
of my head a little better.

If you're one of those still holding on to your four-inch phone, the SE is worth
the upgrade and then some. In performance alone, the SE offers you a much
snappier, more powerful experience than the iPhone 5S. The SE also has some of
the newest bells and whistles from Apple, including the option to summon Apple's
voice assistant by saying, "Hey, Siri," as well as Apple's moving, "Harry
Potter"-esque Live Photos. It's capable as a photo and video shooter, with the
same 12-megapixel camera that comes on the iPhone 6S and has better performance
in low light and better stabilization than you could get on the 5S.

But there are things you give up by not going to the top of Apple's lineup. That
means it's likely not an appealing upgrade option for anyone who has bought the
iPhone 6 or 6S. The phone lacks Apple's new "3D Touch" mechanism, which can
sense how hard you're pressing on the screen. That's not a deal-breaker,
exactly, but if you've already become used to 3D Touch, it can be hard to go
back.

Unless you miss the smaller screen size, though, you will definitely find
yourself wondering where the rest of your display has gone. If you watch a
significant amount of video on your phone or do a lot of reading or surfing,
you'll find yourself longing for your bigger screen.

In fact, that's a pretty big theme overall: Switching back to the SE for a while
made me realize how much I'd grown accustomed to the world of bigger screen
sizes.

So if you're happy with your larger phone, I'd give the iPhone SE a pass.  But
it's a solid option for kids angling for smartphones of their own or an older
person dipping a toe into the smartphone world for the first time. It could also
be an appealing option for people who want more storage on their phones, perhaps
for music or apps, but aren't watching a lot of video. After all, you can get a
64 GB SE model for $500 instead of the $750 you'd pay for a comparable iPhone
6S. For the price, you can't really do much better - it's certainly the best
option at its price level for Apple fans.

Essentially, anyone who might have sought out this review now - just as the
iPhone SE goes on sale - should probably not buy Apple's new, smaller phone.
Chances are if you're excited about being an early adopter, you're not in this
phone's target market. But maybe, just maybe, you should buy it for someone
else.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

How to watch Apple's September 2015 launch live stream;
Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in SanFrancisco
tonight. Here's how you can catch the live stream.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 325  words


Apple is expected to launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in SanFrancisco
tonight. Here's how you can catch the live stream.

Apple is hosting its second event of the year In San Francisco on Sept 9, and
the goodies are expected to flow. So in case you can't watch the event from an
auditorium seat at the venue, join us HERE as we cover it on our liveblog in
real time. Otherwise, here's how you can watch the event live.

The straight and narrow

As usual, Apple users can get access to the live stream, no problem. However,
it's limited to those running Safari on an iOS device with iOS 7 or  later, a
Mac with OS X 10.8.5 or later and Safari 6.0.5 or later, and second or third
generation Apple TVs with software version 6.2 or later. This time though,
getting access will also be a whole lot easier for a number of Windows users as
well. For the first time in many years, Apple's live stream is also open to
Windows 10 users, through Microsoft's Edge browser. Thanks to added support in
their new web browser, you can experience the sacrilege of watching an Apple
event on a Windows system (oooh, sinful).

The sneaky-beaky

Now, if you don't own an Apple device, and you don't have Windows 10, it's not
game over for you just yet. You can also access the live stream through good old
freeware. Just download VLC Media Player (if you don't already have it),
available for Windows, Linux, and Android (also Mac). Once it's open, select
"Open Media", open the Network tab, and paste in the URL for Apple's live
stream. You're going to have to wait until the stream begins to get the URL so
be patient.

The stream is set to launch at 10:30 pm IST (10 am PT). And remember, Apple's
live streams have gone bonkers in the past, so don't be too upset if it comes
crashing down around you. If you still need your fix though, we're also doing a
live blog as the event unfolds, so you can catch all the action there.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 8:09 AM GMT

City morning headlines: More directors to go at VW as iPhone 6S goes on sale

BYLINE: Clare Hutchison

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 342 words


The Volkswagen saga is rumbling on, with its news boss set to be unveiled and
more senior company members expected to leave the firm over the emissions
scandal.

But at least their story might not be the main focus of today for some. The
iPhone 6S goes on sale today and is expected to break sales records in its
opening weekend.

Here's a look at those stories and what else is making headlines today:

These stories are breaking and may develop throughout the day. Keep checking the
Standard's business pages for the latest.

Volkswagen changes at the top

VW will name its new boss, with Porche chief Matthias Muller the frontrunner.

As he comes in, other directors are set to leave as the German auto giant
reveals more details about the emissions scandal, including which models were
involved.

India has now decided to test all diesel cars in response to the controversy.

Apple's iPhone 6S ready to break records

As usual with the release of an Apple device, loyal fans started queuing and
even camping in the early hours to ensure they were first to get their hands on
the latest versions of the iPhone - the 6S and the 6S Plus.

Analysts reckon sales of the new smartphones could hit12 million this weekend -
a record for the company.

There's no stopping Nike

What China slowdown? The US sportswear giant saw profits jump a staggering 51%
in China, pushing total profits up 23% in the last quarter.

Investors lapped up the results, sending shares up 8%.

In China though, shares are down again, with Shanghai dropping almost 2%.

Companies news highlights:

Waitrose

reports beer sales up 16% andPringles up 150% as fans hit sofas to watch the
Rugby World Cup. At

John Lewis

sales are up 6%, withOxford Street buoyed by Charlotte Tilbury make-up launch.

Just Retirement

and

Partnership Assurance

launch a £150 million fundraising ahead of their merger.

The Government's stake in

Lloyds

fallsbelow 12% after a 1% stake sale, givinganother £520 million back to the
taxpayer.

The boss of hire firm

HSS

Chris Davies steps down and willbe replaced by chief operating officer John
Gill.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            April 23, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's new pocket rocket is a handy crowd pleaser;
iPhone SE Price: (EURO)499 or from free with operators Rating: ???? HHHH

BYLINE: TECH Adrian

SECTION: REVIEW;NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 599 words


When I unboxed Apple's new iPhone SE at home, there were squeals of delight. Not
just at the 'classic' flat-sided iPhone form factor (apparently still very
popular) but at the 'rose gold' colour adorning the back of the device. By
comparison, my first reaction when holding it was something more akin to:
"janey, it's small".

In fact, I worried that it would simply be too small.

Like lots of other people, I have become very used to large-screen phones that
let me watch video for extended periods.

And in the two weeks I've been using it, that more or less sums up the aesthetic
reaction to Apple's latest iPhone.

If you really liked the form factor of the iPhone 5S, you'll love this. If you
can't go back to small videos, this may not be for you.

There is one logical question that fans of the iPhone 5S look and feel might
ask. Seeing as you can still generally get the cheaper 5S (for the next few
weeks at least), why buy the SE? In my view, it's a no-brainer to choose the new
SE, for a few reasons.

Whereas the iPhone SE is Apple's new 'entry level' handset, the phone has been
packed with the company's latest top-end tech. Its camera is the most obvious
example of this. The SE's 12-megapixel lens is identical to the high-resolution
snapper on the iPhone 6S, which means that it's one of the best cameras you can
get on a phone.

As well as being able to shoot 4K video (which is starting to matter), the
camera also has elements such as the iPhone's 'Live' photo feature, which
records a second or so of video each side of you pressing the shutter button.
And it uses a screen flash for selfies. The slomo facility is also boosted to
240 frames per second over the 5S's 120fps.

In my daily use, this camera definitely beat the 5S model's 8-megapixel camera.

Power and battery life are two other strong reasons to opt for the newer model.
The SE uses the same A9 chip as the iPhone 6S, meaning it's between two to three
times faster than the iPhone 5S.

Aside from applications you already use now, this will start to make a real
difference in year two of you having the phone.

And the battery life is, on balance, better than the earlier models. I have
generally gotten a full day out of the phone and I would default toward the
heavier end of usage (video, email, social media).

That's not to say that the iPhone SE's battery life is perfect, or the best on
the market. There are some phones (among them the iPhone 6S Plus) that will give
you slightly better battery life. But this is generally adequate and
significantly better than the iPhone 5S.

While the SE doesn't have the 3D Touch feature of the iPhone 6S models, it does
incorporate Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensor. For those who still haven't
used it, this is useful as an alternative to passcodes for unlocking your phone
or making App Store purchases.

For the budget-conscious, the SE has the benefit of fitting older 5S accessories
such as cases. The SE streams stuff considerably faster over wifi and 4G than
the 5S, too.

There is still the issue of the phone's size.

For me, it's a challenging transition to go from something the size of a 6S Plus
to a screen around half the size. I will say this, though: the SE is the first
phone in a while that I've been able to use one-handed in comfort.

It is true that video, social media and web browsing are a different proposition
on a four-inch screen than on a 5.5-inch one. But that's the life of someone who
uses a phone for general computing issues more than a laptop or a tablet.

If you're at the lighter end of video use but still want a top-end camera, the
iPhone SE is hard to beat.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Kiwis may get new iPhones first

BYLINE: BLAYNE SLABBERT

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 499 words


KIWIS are in line to be the first in the world to get the new iPhones after they
were unveiled in San Francisco yesterday.

Apple announced its iPhone 6S (a 4.7-inch model) and 6S Plus (5.5-inches) with
New Zealand in the first group of countries to get the devices, thanks to the
timezone working in our favour.

The new iPhones will look the same as the current models but have several new
features.

The biggest Apple highlighted was 3D touch. This means instead of tapping a
screen, you press, giving an extra set of options.

It's a new way to navigate around and within apps to make it faster to do things
and access features.

Another big change Apple has made is replacing the camera with the ability to
take 4K video and 12MP photos.

The company has also upgraded the front-facing camera to 5MP and it can now use
the screen as a flash.

Another feature is "live photos" which takes images before and after you
actually take a photo to give a video-like experience to pictures.

The new devices will go on sale on September 25 in New Zealand, with pre-orders
available from September 12.

There is a new colour, rose gold, along with the standard silver, gold and grey
and both models will come in three storage sizes.

Prices for the iPhone 6S are: 16GB ($1199), 64GB ($1399) and 128GB ($1599). For
the 6S Plus, they are: 16GB ($1399), 64GB ($1599) and 128GB ($1799).

Apple also announced a 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a significant boost from the 9.7-inch
display on current models.

It has followed Microsoft by introducing a dedicated keyboard for the iPad Pro.
Also, it has what it calls an Apple Pencil, a stylus. A surprising move since
Apple co-founder Steve Jobs often mocked them.

The iPad Pro will have a 10-hour battery life and has four speakers.

The company hinted that the iPad Pro may end up replacing laptops, with Apple
chief executive Tim Cook describing it as "the vision of the future of personal
computing".

The iPad Pro is 6.9mm thick, compared to the MacBook Air which is 6.1mm.

It will be released in New Zealand in November, though no local prices have been
announced. US prices start at US$799 (NZ$1270) for the 32GB model.

The company also revealed a revamped Apple TV device which relies heavily on
voice control. The new device appears similar to the current model but has been
supercharged with the ability to use Siri, Apple's digital assistant, to find
what you want to watch. However, there is no 4K ability, which will disappoint a
lot of people.

The device will now also be able to play games, with iPads or iPhones being used
as controllers.

There is no detail on app availability in New Zealand. Hopefully, Lightbox and
Neon will join Netflix on the device to make it useful for Kiwi users.

The new Apple TV units will be released in October and should be in New Zealand
by the year's end. US prices start at US$149 for the 32GB model.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The latest iPhones - Apple's new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus - will go on sale in the
United States on September 25.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Apple puts big bets on mainland's iPhone mania

BYLINE: Wen Dao

LENGTH: 596  words


Illustration: Liu Rui/GT

Apple is hoping that the mania for iPhones in China never fades. After the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus were unveiled on September 9, pre-orders were sold
out in China in 12 hours. Chinese Apple fans are as keen on the new toys as they
were on previous models.Apple reported $13.23 billion in revenue for China, its
second largest market, in the last quarter. Amid skepticism about China's
economic downturn, Apple CEO Tim Cook delivered a rare speech to reassure
investors, saying China still "represents an unprecedented opportunity over the
long term."Clearly, Apple needs China more than ever before.

According to Kantar Worldpanel's research this April, the iPhone's market share
has dropped in 17 developed economies. However, China, including Hong Kong,
Macao and Taiwan, was the only territory to show positive growth. After the
launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the iPhone's market share in China surged from
18.1 percent last November to 27.6 percent this February.As China's strong
demand is becoming essential to Apple's prosperity, the company's strategy has
changed substantially. Apple's recent event in San Francisco indicates evident
pandering to the Chinese consumers: For the first time, China was promoted into
the first wave of markets to get the new iPhone; Rose gold, a kind of pink
favored by Asian women, was added to cater to the Chinese demand.But a pandering
strategy doesn't mean Apple is becoming more consumer-friendly, especially in
prices. Being enlisted as a first-wave market cannot lower the prices of iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus in China. There are jokes about how to trade a kidney for
an iPhone in China, a sarcastic way to mock the exorbitant price of the
handset.It is unfair to put all the blame on Apple for iPhone's high prices,
because a large part of the extravagance is caused by external factors, such as
China's heavy tariffs.However, the high prices, combined to some degree with
innovation, give Apple a halo of luxury. China's growing middle class don't find
it unacceptable to spend 5,000 to 7,000 yuan ($784.30 to $1,098.60) on something
regarded as a sign of living a wealthy and stylish life.Many iPhone users in
China will spend a fortune to buy an iPhone, but are unwilling to pay a few yuan
for a useful or interesting app. They, even though not IT geeks, will happily
jailbreak their handsets at some roadside fake "Apple franchised stores," which
will ruin the well-knitted and stable iOS. The iPhone is more related to the
users' sense of status and lifestyle, instead of practical usage.But even though
the iPhone still dominates, we can legitimately wonder how long this
mania-driven prosperity can last. Apple has to realize that its over-dependence
on the iPhone, which contributes two-thirds of its revenue, and its growing
reliance on the Chinese market, which is believed to surpass the Americas sooner
or later, are profitable in the short term, but risky in the long term. Apple
seems to be trapping itself in an "update model," by relying on hardware
upgrades on a yearly basis instead of seeking more eye-catching innovations to
stir more enthusiasm.There are signs indicating Apple is facing more challenges
from competitors in China. In July, German market research agency GfK found
Apple's market share had slightly dropped, while Chinese smartphones, like
Xiaomi and Huawei, are winning more fans. Like the once-ubiquitous Nokia, Apple
may find itself dropped by Chinese when something better comes along. The author
is a reporter with the Global Times. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2015 Global Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 6, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Another iPhone in the wings?

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 465 words


With Apple's announced media event coming Wednesday, speculation and fervor
around the company's next products are kicking into high gear. And we're pretty
sure we're going to see at least one new iPhone next week, unless Apple
completely bucks tradition.

But the rumor mill is looking pretty good on the appearance of an iPhone 6S and
an iPhone 6S Plus, which would be in keeping with Apple's standard product
cycle.

So what will we see on the new iPhone? The biggest main feature addition that
analysts and tech reporters expect is Force Touch. That's right, just in time
for the big "Star Wars" push, Apple is adding the force to its iPhone.

Force Touch is a feature that is already on the Apple Watch and the newest
MacBook - it is a sort of right click for touch-sensitive screens, or the long
press on Android devices. Pushing down more vigorously on a touchscreen or, in
the case of the MacBook, a touchpad brings up other options, which in turn can
expand the options Apple users have to interact with their apps.

The new iPhones are expected to be a little thicker to accommodate this
technology, according to a post from MacRumors. Speculation also exists that the
next iPhone will have a rose-gold color option similar to what we have seen on
the Apple Watch. Unlike the super-expensive rose-gold watch, however, the
pinkish phone is expected to be made of aluminum.

The new phone is also expected to have an upgraded camera. According to
9t05Mac's Mark Gurman, the new phones will have a 12 MP camera that shoots in
4K, as well as a flash for selfies. (Because we all know there's nothing worse
than a dim selfie.)

Overall, the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are expected to be a minor upgrade for 6
and 6 Plus users, although possibly more attractive to those still rocking the
iPhone 5S or earlier models.

As for nonphone news, the expectation is that Apple is going to show off a new
Apple TV set-top box, giving the product its first major upgrade in several
years. The new box is expected to launch without Apple's expected TV service,
which reports indicate is still hung up in negotiations. A new report from
Variety indicates that Apple may also be looking into producing original
content.

Still, we're unlikely to hear much, if anything, about that next week. Gurman, a
reliable source for Apple news, has reported that the new box could cost about
$200 - far more than the $99 of the previous Apple TV, which Apple had
discounted even more to $69.

The Apple TV is expected to have some new features to explain the price,
including built-in support for the Siri voice assistant and a revamped remote.
The remote, Gurman said, could include a more traditional remote sensor, so that
you can use it to control older devices as well as Bluetooth-enabled gadgets.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 5, 2015 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Another iPhone in the wings?

BYLINE: Hayley Tsukayama

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 465 words


With Apple's announced media event coming Wednesday, speculation and fervor
around the company's next products are kicking into high gear. And we're pretty
sure we're going to see at least one new iPhone next week, unless Apple
completely bucks tradition.

But the rumor mill is looking pretty good on the appearance of an iPhone 6S and
an iPhone 6S Plus, which would be in keeping with Apple's standard product
cycle.

So what will we see on the new iPhone? The biggest main feature addition that
analysts and tech reporters expect is Force Touch. That's right, just in time
for the big "Star Wars" push, Apple is adding the force to its iPhone.

Force Touch is a feature that is already on the Apple Watch and the newest
MacBook - it is a sort of right click for touch-sensitive screens, or the long
press on Android devices. Pushing down more vigorously on a touchscreen or, in
the case of the MacBook, a touchpad brings up other options, which in turn can
expand the options Apple users have to interact with their apps.

The new iPhones are expected to be a little thicker to accommodate this
technology, according to a post from MacRumors. Speculation also exists that the
next iPhone will have a rose-gold color option similar to what we have seen on
the Apple Watch. Unlike the super-expensive rose-gold watch, however, the
pinkish phone is expected to be made of aluminum.

The new phone is also expected to have an upgraded camera. According to
9t05Mac's Mark Gurman, the new phones will have a 12 MP camera that shoots in
4K, as well as a flash for selfies. (Because we all know there's nothing worse
than a dim selfie.)

Overall, the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are expected to be a minor upgrade for 6
and 6 Plus users, although possibly more attractive to those still rocking the
iPhone 5S or earlier models.

As for nonphone news, the expectation is that Apple is going to show off a new
Apple TV set-top box, giving the product its first major upgrade in several
years. The new box is expected to launch without Apple's expected TV service,
which reports indicate is still hung up in negotiations. A new report from
Variety indicates that Apple may also be looking into producing original
content.

Still, we're unlikely to hear much, if anything, about that next week. Gurman, a
reliable source for Apple news, has reported that the new box could cost about
$200 - far more than the $99 of the previous Apple TV, which Apple had
discounted even more to $69.

The Apple TV is expected to have some new features to explain the price,
including built-in support for the Siri voice assistant and a revamped remote.
The remote, Gurman said, could include a more traditional remote sensor, so that
you can use it to control older devices as well as Bluetooth-enabled gadgets.

hayley.tsukayama@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Bid to shore up sales: Apple slashes prices of Indian bestseller iPhone 5s to
almost half in three months

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 423 words


KOLKATA: Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the
third time in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September
levels, in a bid to shore up sales as demand for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has
nosedived after Diwali.

iPhone 5s prices now starts at Rs 24,999, down from Rs 44,500 in September. This
makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest globally, despite the
depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India among markets where
Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

"iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales has again dampened after a brief period of pick up
during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of iPhone
5s," a senior executive with a leading retail chain said. "This is interesting
since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian market and companies
seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models," he said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dussehra in October and then
again before Diwali in November. An email sent to Apple did not elicit any
response as of press time Sunday. According to trade sources, the US tech
giant's latest move is triggered by its plans to double India sales in the
crucial December quarter, a high sales period for Apple globally as it's the
launch period of new iPhones. Analysts said Apple's price cut of iPhone 5s is
part of its strategy to build a stronger portfolio in the mid-segment smartphone
market.

"The $250-400 (Rs 16,000-Rs 27,000) price band is where Apple wants to focus its
energies in India since they want to lock in more consumers into their
eco-system which would build up a base for upgradation when newer iPhones are
launched," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase. He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model. Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete
better.

"Samsung's A and E series smartphones are operating in this price band, but the
Korean company has not yet launched any newer models in these segments, hence
Apple can significantly gain share this quarter," a senior executive with a
leading cellphone chain said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              July 31, 2016 Sunday
                               Statewide Edition

Cases To Juice Up Your iPhone Battery

SECTION: SMARTER LIVING; D; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 335  words


Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New Apple of the eye

LENGTH: 411  words


Three new products[#xff0d]the iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus, the iPad Pro and an
overhauled Apple TV[#xff0d]were unveiled at the event.

iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus

7,000 series aluminum, ion-strengthened glass, new 64-bit A9 chip,

12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE
and Wi-Fi.

3-D Touch, the new "taptic engine" can recognize how hard the user touches the
screen. Long touches will bring up shortcuts.

Live Photos are 12-megapixel photos, which go beyond snapshots to capture
moments in motion.

The new phones will cost the same as the 6 and 6 Plus, starting at $199 and $299
through mobile carriers, and will be available on September 25 in 12 countries
including the Chinese mainland.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

iPad Pro

The iPad Pro is 6.9 mm thick and weighs 1.57 lb[#xff0d]about the same as the
original iPad, but with a 78 percent bigger screen than the tablet first
introduced in 2010.

The Pro's screen has 5.6 million pixels[#xff0d]more than a 15-inch MacBook Pro
with a Retina display.

It will be available in November, starting at $799 for the 32 GB model.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

Smart Keyboard

Apple's Smart Keyboard snaps magnetically onto the iPad. It uses the same button
technology as MacBook keyboards, and will only work with the iPad Pro.

It will cost $169 and will be available in November.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

Apple Pencil

A pressure-sensitive stylus that can be used along with user's fingers on the
iPad Pro.

The Pencil will cost $99 and be available in November.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

Apple Watch

Apple introduced a few new models of its Apple Watch, including three new watch
designs with high-quality leather straps designed by French fashion house
Hermès. They are priced between $1,100 and $1,500.

The Apple Watch is now also available in gold and rose gold.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

Apple TV

The company's set-top box has been redesigned with a new operating
system[#xff0d]tvOS[#xff0d]and a new Siri-powered remote.

The new Apple TV will be priced at $149, and will be available in late October.

SOURCE: APPLE INC

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/33/144194875361.jpg

b083fe955aa1175c73db19.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/144194875850.jpg

b083fe955aa1175c73de1a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/26/144194876115.JPG

b083fe955aa1175c73e21b.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/9/144194876348.jpg

b083fe955aa1175c73e61c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/46/144194876621.jpg

b083fe955aa1175c73e81d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/144194876823.jpg

b083fe955aa1175c73ec1e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Official launch fails to dent grey market sales of new iPhones

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 566 words


KOLKATA | MUMBAI: For the first time, the grey market for a smartphone is
buzzing even after the official launch in the country as cheaper prices of the
device offered through unauthorised channels attract customers.

Apple's latest iPhone 6S and 6S Plus phones are selling out fast in grey market
hubs such as Mumbai's Heera Panna, New Delhi's Gaffar Market, Kolkata's Fancy
Market and even on eBay, thanks to high official prices of the devices due to a
taxation change and a softening change and a softening rupee.

READ ALSO:

The government increased the duty on imported smartphones to 11.5% this year to
encourage its 'Make in India' agenda. The rupee weakened against the dollar,
which means more units of the local currency are needed to pay for products sold
by US companies.

Apple sells the new iPhones in India at prices that are as much as Rs
14,000-16,000 higher than in markets such as the US, the Middle East, Singapore
and Hong Kong, from where the grey market models are mostly sourced. That gives
grey market sellers in India sufficient cushion to aggressively price their
models.

"Grey market for the new iPhone is booming and unless Apple rationalizes its
official price, a sizeable section of consumers will continue to buy from the
grey sellers or wait for online discounting to start," said the chief executive
officer of a large cellphone retail chain.

READ ALSO:

Apple had a rather muted launch of the iPhones in India on October 16, with
several stores saying sales were 40% lower than last year and bigger chains
reporting, at best, a 20% increase in sales. The company's initial plan was to
triple sales.

The latest iPhones cost between Rs 62,000 and Rs 92,000 and are Rs 8,500-9,500
more than last year's launch prices.

On eBay, an imported iPhone 6S 16GB model was selling at Rs 53,153 on Monday
while its official price is Rs 62,000. The iPhone 6S Plus 128GB model was
available for Rs 80,180 on eBay compared with its official India price of Rs
92,000.

In the grey market hubs, the phones were selling for about Rs 5,000-11,000 less
than the official prices.

Hint for Apple

A section of the industry said the busy grey market is an indicator that Apple
should start assembling its devices in India, which was discussed when Prime
Minister Narendra Modi met Apple chief executive Tim Cook in the US last month.

"Local assembling or manufacturing by Apple will depend on several factors, but
we expect it may be finalized soon, which will mean a quantum jump in India's
capabilities," said Pankaj Mohindroo, president of the Indian Cellular
Association and chairman of the government's mobile phone manufacturing advisory
committee.

Foxconn Technology Group, the company that makes iPhones for Apple, has started
manufacturing smartphones for China's Xiaomi and US phone brand InFocus at its
plant in Andhra Pradesh.

So high is the grey market demand in India that dealers at Mumbai's Heera Panna
market and Mohammed Ali Road say there is a shortage of iPhone 6S devices and
they are forced to pre-book them. "We generally take two days to source the new
iPhones," a dealer at Heera Panna said.

Sensing opportunity, some sellers at Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned
Market have cut discounts. "When enough consumers are buying the phone for Rs
55,000-60,000, we won't discount it till demand slows down," said a shop owner
at Gaffar Market.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      January 11, 2016 Monday 10:32 AM EST

Is Apple reaching the limits of the iPhone market?

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 658  words


Click for image

In a Wall Street Journal story last week, reporters deduced that Apple's iPhone
sales have fallen short of the company's forecast. The basis of this speculation
is the city of Zengzhou, China's promise to pay more than $12 million in
subsidies to minimize layoffs at Foxconn Technology Group, Apple's largest
iPhone manufacturer.

There are a lot of factors that could contribute to Apple missing its iPhone
forecast. The biggest one is that demand for iPhones may be saturated. How many
people in the world want to pay the minimum U.S. purchase price of $650 for an
entry-level iPhone, let alone as much as a 30% premium in international markets?
There are limits to the luxury smartphone market, and Apple may be reaching
them.

Limit 1: The number of people willing to spend more for the Apple brand

Apple dominates the smartphone market in only one country in the world, Japan,
where Kantar World Panel reports a 50% market share. The popularity of the
iPhone in the U.S. and the UK, at 34% and 40%, respectively, is misleading when
IDC forecasts that iOS will remain at 14% to 15% of the worldwide market share.

The correlation of the relationship between income and iPhone sales is very
high. According to IDC's forecast, poorer developing markets are buying
smartphones faster than wealthy ones, and they are gravitating toward
lower-priced Android phones.

Limit 2: Android's value proposition gets better and better

There was a time when iOS had a cleaner user interface that made it easier to
onboard consumers. But when Android 4.4 was introduced two years ago, it reached
parity with iOS. Except for the luxury Apple brand, Android phones now have all
the features the iPhone has, with a couple of minor exceptions.

While the features are largely equal, Android phones cost a lot less. The
Android Nexus 6P is an equivalent of the iPhone 6s Plus in components, camera,
and build quality, but at $500, it costs one third less than the iPhone. Those
who don't care about camera quality, processor speed, or screen pixel density
can save a lot more.

The very solid Moto G, at $200, is the smartphone equivalent of the Honda Accord
in relation to Apple's BMW. The Moto G screen has fewer pixels and the camera
doesn't create as rich photos as that of the iPhone 6s, but the phone does
everything that the iPhone does and most users not notice the difference.

Google doesn't benefit by degrading the performance of Android phones with new
software updates, so the phones remain useful longer and can be built using less
expensive hardware. Two years ago, Android was optimized to run efficiently on
phones with smaller memory sizes and slower processors, letting phone makers
build devices with a $100 purchase price, like the Android One. Meanwhile, some
have speculated that Apple reported to slows down its phones just before it
releases a new version.

Limit 3: Dramatic improvement in Android and iOS is rare

Operating systems, phone components, designs and construction used to build
Android and iOS phones have improved dramatically in the last couple of years.
First-tier phone makers can't help but build great phones. The increments of
improvement between annual phone introductions are getting smaller.

This has created a problem for Apple. The company depends on its loyal base to
upgrade, but smaller incremental improvements in each new model means less
incentive for users to upgrade. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look almost identical to
the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. It is also difficult for humans to perceive a
difference in the two phones' performance, even though they were introduced a
year apart and the iPhone 6s is powered by a better and faster processor.

Apple is a long way from a crisis, but its premium price, increased competition
from Android, and the challenge of significantly improving the features and
performance with each new model puts pressure on Apple to continue to perform
like a $100 billion growth company.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

iPhones, more gold seized at Delhi airport

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, Oct. 14 -- Just three days before its official launch in India,
Apple's latest iPhone 6s is turning up at the strangest of places. On Monday
night, 22 iPhone 6s were found inside a toilet at the arrival area of Delhi
airport's Terminal 3.


 The craze of showing off the latest iPhone is so high in Delhi that there are
people who are willing to pay a premium to own one of these and smugglers are
cashing in on the demand. On October 5, customs officials at the Indira Gandhi
International Airport had detained seven youths who were carrying 182 iPhone 6s.

 On Monday, the 22 iPhone 6s were found lying inside one of the terminal's
toilets by personnel of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF). The CISF
handed over the phones to the Customs department and investigations are on, said
Vinayak Azaad, Additional Commissioner, Customs.
 Mr. Azaad said that the Customs department has been keeping a close watch on
travellers frequenting places such as Hong Kong and Singapore, from which such
gadgets are usually smuggled in.
 Sources at the airport said that it could be either a passenger bringing in
these phones who panicked and left them at the toilet or perhaps some ground
handler who has been trying to pick these up but could not.
 The Customs department also seized nearly four kilogramof gold worth more than
Rs.1 crore on Tuesday.
 In one, the officials caught a family of three - husband, wife and daughter -
that was trying to bring in a total of about 600 gram of gold from Dubai. While
the husband had concealed a gold plate weighing 88 gram in mini speakers, the
wife was wearing six gold bangles studded with artificial stones weighing 382
gram. Their daughter was wearing two gold bangles weighing 133 gram. The family
had arrived from Dubai in a SpiceJet flight. The gold items were seized.
 In another instance, Customs officials seized almost 3.3 kg of 24 carat gold
biscuits from a passenger who had arrived in a domestic flight from Chennai.
"The aircraft had earlier come from Dubai to Chennai. The accused got on the
plane from Chennai and picked up the consignment on the domestic sector," Mr.
Azaad said.
 On Monday, the 22 iPhone 6s were found lying inside one of the terminal's
toilets by personnel of the Central Industrial Security Force

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Vodafone to Offer Latest Phones with User Freebies

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 166 words


Vodafone India, the country's No. 2 carrier, has said that it will offer iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus, beginning Friday, October 16, combined with some data and
calling plans which could translate into freebies worth around ' . 8,885 for
subscribers.

Existing or new Vodafone India customers can pre-order starting Friday, October
9, a new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus from the telco's website or Amazon.

Pay '. 1,299 one time upfront and get a monthly quota of 3GB mobile inter net,
4,000 free local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and national SMSes for the next
six months from the time of purchase without any additional payments.

Charges above plan limits will be 50p/MB for data usage, 50p/SMS and 50p/min for
voice calls, the telco said in a release issued Friday.

The company said that roaming, international calling and valueadded-services
charges will be extra as applicable. All customers on the RED 1299 plan will get
access to a relationship manager and get priority access at Vodafone stores.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Apple's iPhone buzz fades as old models keep ticking;
Some analysts say Apple may wait until 2017 for big upgrade

BYLINE: Graham, @jeffersongraham, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 653 words


For half a decade, the launch of an Apple iPhone triggered the same kind of
global hysteria once reserved for beloved music groups -- customers camping for
days in front of a store, often in Apple-themed costumes.

That may be changing. Low expectations for major changes to the next upgrade,
and data showing consumers are holding onto their smartphones longer, suggest
the Apple buzz is fading.

Apple has reached the point where "the phone is so good, I'm just not as stoked
to get the new version," says Blake Rose, who recently moved west from
Kettering, Ohio. He owns the iPhone 6S, released last September.

Sales of Apple products dropped more than 20% at Target Corp. during the
retailer's quarter ended July 30, Target CEO Brian Cornell said Wednesday,
contributing to a 7% drop in total sales.

Apple historically introduces new iPhones shortly after Labor Day, and if it
follows past years' patterns, it would launch a phone with a major redesign and
upgrade, say the iPhone 7.

This fall, however, some analysts, including Tim Bajarin of Creative Strategies,
expect Apple to hold off on a major upgrade, waiting for 2017 and the 10th
anniversary of the phone instead.

"I wouldn't be surprised if next year, Apple skips 8 and 9 and introduces the
iPhone 10, for the anniversary," Bajarin says.

Apple didn't respond to USA TODAY's request for comment.

Analysts expect three key new add-ons for the next iPhone:

A dual-camera sensor that is designed to dramatically improve low-light images
and make it easier to zoom in on photos.

More internal storage, at 32 gigabytes, up from the standard 16 GB.

Removal of the headphone jack port, which will require consumers to plug their
phones and earbuds into the Lightning charging port. This will probably cause
them to buy new headphones and buds.

How does Apple sell a new edition with minimal new features? If the camera is
really good, "consumers will respond," Bajarin says. "It depends upon the
quality."

Sales for the latest iPhone, the 6S and 6S Plus, didn't catch fire with
consumers like previous models. Apple has reported slumping sales for the
previous two quarters, a first for the company, which sent revenue down 15% for
the June quarter. iPhone unit sales fell to 40.4 million in the recent quarter,
down 15% year over year.

Earlier this year, Apple introduced the smaller iPhone SE, which introduced no
new features but carried a lower price in a smaller body. While Apple says sales
have been strong for the SE, they haven't been enough to push iPhone unit
numbers higher than previously.

The last major re-design for the iPhone was in 2014's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
models, which remain Apple's best-selling iPhone models. Consumers loved the
larger screens and improved camera.

But 2015's 6S and 6S Plus failed to impress in an equal way, with new features
such as 3D Touch shortcuts and the ability to add short seconds of video clips
to your photos.

"They don't really change anything except the camera and speed," Lala O'Malley,
of Los Angeles said. "It ended with the 4S."

For the next version, Maya Borski of Riverside, Calif., doesn't mind losing the
headphone jack.

"Now you'll only have to worry about one hole in the phone getting wet instead
of two and ruining the whole phone," she says.

Many of the consumers we spoke to here on Ocean Front Walk said they would love
to see a 100% waterproof iPhone -- such as the new Samsung Galaxy Note 7,
unveiled this week.

"Where's Apple with that?" Rose asks.

But even though the innovation from Apple over the past few years has slowed,
Apple fans are still out there.

Ryan Seron of Boynton Beach, Fla., says he'll be "standing online" on opening
day to get the latest iPhone.

"Everyone always wants the newest thing," he said.

And O'Malley, though she seemed ho-hum about a new iPhone's prospects, admitted
that she, too, will probably opt for the new model. How often does she get a new
one? "Sadly, every year," she says.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Spencer Platt, Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available to Canadian MasterCard Cardholders

LENGTH: 405  words


May 10 -- Today, MasterCard announced it will bring its cardholders Apple Pay,
which is transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to
pay that's fast and convenient. MasterCard credit cardholders banking with Royal
Bank of Canada (RBC), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), Canadian Tire
Bank and ATB Financial can pay with Apple Pay starting today, and cardholders
who bank with BMO Financial Group (BMO) will be able to use Apple Pay in the
coming weeks.

"We're excited to work with Apple to bring a new way to pay that eliminates
something many of us dislike: carrying a bulky physical wallet. Apple Pay allows
consumers to pay with their iPhone - an item most of us wouldn't think to leave
home without," said Jason Davies, Vice President of Digital Payments for
MasterCard Canada. "Thanks to our contactless footprint, our cardholders can tap
their Apple devices to pay across the country. This innovation is part of our
commitment to offer Canadians convenient, fast and secure payment options."

Apple Pay leverages MasterCard's safe and secure platform, MDES (MasterCard
Digital Enablement Service), which uses the most advanced payment technologies -
EMV, tokenization, cryptography and biometrics - to ensure the integrity of
cardholder information. When you use your MasterCard with Apple Pay, the actual
card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a
token is created when you load your MasterCard into your device. The token, an
alternate 16-digit number linked to the device, will only ever be used when
paying with that device.

"At the heart of mobile payments is the peace of mind that comes with knowing
transactions are protected with the highest level of security. Consumers want
the same peace of mind when using Apple Pay that they've enjoyed for years with
their plastic MasterCard. With the mobile security measures built into Apple
Pay, cardholders can be assured that they're fully protected," said Davies.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with
iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini
3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

Source: MasterCard

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Now Available to Canadian MasterCard Cardholders

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 407  words


Safe, simple and secure way to pay.

MasterCard has announced that it will bring its cardholders Apple Pay, which is
transforming mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's
fast and convenient. MasterCard credit cardholders banking with Royal Bank of
Canada (RBC), Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), Canadian Tire Bank and
ATB Financial can pay with Apple Pay starting today, and cardholders who bank
with BMO Financial Group (BMO) will be able to use Apple Pay in the coming
weeks.

"We're excited to work with Apple to bring a new way to pay that eliminates
something many of us dislike: carrying a bulky physical wallet. Apple Pay allows
consumers to pay with their iPhone - an item most of us wouldn't think to leave
home without," said Jason Davies, Vice President of Digital Payments for
MasterCard Canada. "Thanks to our contactless footprint, our cardholders can tap
their Apple devices to pay across the country. This innovation is part of our
commitment to offer Canadians convenient, fast and secure payment options."

Apple Pay leverages MasterCard's safe and secure platform, MDES (MasterCard
Digital Enablement Service), which uses the most advanced payment technologies -
EMV, tokenization, cryptography and biometrics - to ensure the integrity of
cardholder information. When you use your MasterCard with Apple Pay, the actual
card numbers are not stored on the device, nor on Apple servers. Instead, a
token is created when you load your MasterCard into your device. The token, an
alternate 16-digit number linked to the device, will only ever be used when
paying with that device.

"At the heart of mobile payments is the peace of mind that comes with knowing
transactions are protected with the highest level of security. Consumers want
the same peace of mind when using Apple Pay that they've enjoyed for years with
their plastic MasterCard. With the mobile security measures built into Apple
Pay, cardholders can be assured that they're fully protected," said Davies.

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benefits offered by credit cards.In stores, Apple Pay works with
iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch.
When paying for goods and services in-store and in-app, Apple Pay is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini
3, iPad mini 4, iPad Pro and Apple Watch.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 8, 2016 Monday 11:40 AM GMT

iPhone 7: Release date, leaked images, price rumours and all the latest news
about Apple's next iPhone;
Apple is expected to reveal the iPhone 7 in early September and there's already
a huge amount of hype surrounding the next-generation smartphone

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 2458 words


Apple is expected to reveal the next iteration of its ever-popular iPhone next
month.

The Californian tech giant usually updates its smartphone lineup in early
September so it can see out the end of the year on a high.

This year it will almost certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed, and the
online rumour mill is going into overdrive ahead of the announcement.

Along with comments and predictions from industry analysts and the specialised
tech media, there have been several supposed leaked images.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Many show the casing or materials that are believed to be in the new smartphone.

We've gathered together all the latest news surrounding the phone into one place
and will continue to update this as we learn more. For previous Apple models,
here are the best iPhone deals this week.

A video has emerged online of an iPhone 7 Plus mockup, offering what could be
the best look yet at the upcoming smartphone.

The mockup, created by Chinese headphone company BeSound, reinforces all the
rumours about the major hardware changes coming to the larger 5.5-inch model.

These include the dual lens camera , the missing headphone jack , twin external
speakers, more discrete antenna lines , and the inclusion of a Smart Connector.

Moreover, the iPhone 7 Plus mockup comes in a deep metallic blue tone -
suggesting the tech giant may be planning to expand its range of colours for the
iPhone 7 range.

Taking Apple's release date history into account, it's likely we'll see the
iPhone 7 officially revealed in September 2016.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6 were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy.

Notorious leaker Evan Blass claims to have pinned down the release date to
Friday September 16 - although he has cited no source for the information.

If he is right, the launch event would either take place at the start of the
week commencing September 5, or the week commencing September 12.

One fan theory, posted on TechRadar, points to Apple's next device will being
unveiled on September 6.

The theory comes from the fact that Apple is currently offering a "back to
school" promotion on its online store which offers free Beats Wireless
headphones when buying a Mac, iPad or iPhone.

The deal, which has been running since June, ends on September 5, suggesting
that Apple has something big planned for the following day.

It's unlikely that Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than
past variants.

But its launch could see Apple finally change the thing that annoys people most
about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

While most people expect Apple's next iPhone to be called the iPhone 7, some
leaks suggest that Apple may opt for the name "iPhone 6SE" instead.

The rumour comes from German tech news site Apfelpage , which spoke to Chinese
supply chain sources who claim to have seen finished packaging and labels with
the new name.

The name iPhone 6SE would make sense, given that most of the rumours point to
Apple's next iPhone being an iterative update rather than a major design
overhaul.

A video obtained by French tech site Nowhereelse.fr that matches up the new
iPhone 7 with last year's iPhone 6s flagship.

Dedicated Apple followers will be well aware of the rumours surrounding the next
handset. Supposedly it will have a larger camera lens and a USB Type C
connection at the bottom that will double up as the new headphone slot.

Samsung Galaxy Note 7 UK release date to be revealed at exclusive launch event
in August

The model obtained in the video appears to closely match these rumours. There's
certainly no 3.5mm headphone port on the base of the handset.

It also has the repositioned antenna on the corners of the handset rather than
across the back.

But in terms of size and design, the alleged iPhone 7 looks very similar to the
existing iPhone 6s .

Many tech fans felt the design change from the iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6 (and
then 6s) was a hugely positive step - praising the thinner body and larger
screen.

Designer Martin Hajek has created several impressive 3D renders of what he
thinks the iPhone 7 could look like.

Rather than the traditional Space Grey colour, Hajek has taken the Space Black
finish from the Apple Watch and applied it to the phone.

His realistic-looking renders also show how many of the iPhone 7 rumours might
look if they were implemented in a finished product.

The most persistent of which is that Apple will remove the headphone jack from
the new iPhone and use the newer USB-C connection instead. There's more on that
below - read on to find out.

Are your expensive headphones about to become obsolete? First mainstream
smartphone launches WITHOUT a 3.5mm socket

Hajek has added a pair of USB-C capable headphones in one of his shots to
illustrate what that may look like.

Similarly, the camera lens has been enlarged to take into account a more
powerful sensor and the antenna lines have been moved from across the back to
the top and bottom of the phone.

Apple's iPhone 6s may have been a big hit for the technology giant - but it
didn't alter much when it came to design .

That could be about to change as many rumours suggest next year's model may drop
the iconic home button on the front of the gadget.

One artist, Marek Weidlich, has created an intriguing concept of what that might
look like.

Weidlich has turned the entire front of the futuristic smartphone into a screen
- leaving no home button or any visible bezel.

"I focused on simple design language which is very important for Apple,"
Weidlich said.

"I designed a curved display without a bezel, and equipped with a software home
button."

Both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge
and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

Apple's last two releases have been with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens. This
covers a broad range and the tech giant could decide to keep things as they are.

This latest picture appears to give us our clearest view yet of what the iPhone
7 will look like.

Emerging on Chinese social media, it shows a device that's very similar to the
current iPhone 6s , albeit with a couple of small changes.

Firstly, the camera lens is clearly bigger - which holds true to rumours the
tech giant is improving the on-board snapper.

How well do YOU know the Apple logo? Try this surprisingly tricky memory test

Secondly, the lines across the back have been removed as the antenna appears to
have been moved to the corners of the device.

Sadly, it's impossible to see from the picture whether or not the headphone jack
has remained in place. Its removal has been the biggest rumour surrounding the
new phone and plenty of Apple fans aren't happy with the idea of losing it.

Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained

Fans have been infuriated by new which claim to show a drastic change in one of
the key features of the iPhone.

Pictures surfaced recently that appear to show a version of the phone with a
completely blank front panel. They seem to suggest that Apple will drop its
famous home key in favour of an on-screen button.

Taken in China and obtained by the blog site Apple Insider , the pictures have
now been widely circulated around the internet.

The shady pictures look to be taken quickly and without much thought to lighting
or presentation. They show what is allegedly a new iPhone with a very different
design.

There is also no evidence of a headphone jack on the bottom of the phone.
However, the external speakers on the bottom look similar to previous iPhone
models.

On Chinese social media site Weibo, a new picture supposedly showing the back of
the iPhone 7 has been doing the rounds.

The main noticeable detail is that the "camera bump" from the iPhone 6s appears
to have carried over to the new design.

Pictures were obtained by the Taiwanese site Apple Club , which previously
published the first schematics showing the protuding iPhone 6 camera lens,
before being republished by 9to5Mac.

They appear to confirm rumours that Apple is set to remove the headphone socket
from the iPhone 7.

If true, this will probably mean anyone who buys the next version of Apple's
iPhone will have to use wireless headphones or fork out for a pricey converter.

In January, the usual shadowy "supply chain sources" told a Chinese website that
the 3.5 inch headphone jack will not be included on Apple's next mobile.

Recently, these rumours have been fuelled by images of a case for the new phone
that apparently show no hole for the headphone wires.

The pictures, spotted by Nowhereelse.fr after they were published on Twitter,
seem to support the rumour that Apple will ditch the headphone socket.

There's no hole in the case for where a headphone socket should be - instead
there are just spaces for the charging port and speakers.

Of course, there's no way of confirming the legitimacy of the case - but it
serves as an interesting indicator for a potentially big design change.

Tech experts reckon that by removing the headphone socket, Apple engineers will
be able to shave 1mm off the thickness of the phone.

Meanwhile an insight coming from Deutsche Bank analysts by way of Business
Insider , suggests that Apple will include a special adaptor along with the
iPhone 7 instead of a pair of headphones.

Alleged iPhone 7 leak shows exactly how Apple's new gadget measures up against
the iPhone 6s

"A Lightning-to-audio dongle included with the iPhone 7 - not a pair of
Lightning headphones," reports the tech site.

That would mean instead of plugging your headphones directly into the phone, you
have to carry around an adapter with you everywhere you go. Or, use wireless
headphones.

Business Insider calls Apple's strategy a "huge risk" and explains the Deutsche
Bank information is from a "research note."

Because the new iPhone will likely arrive with Apple's yet-to-be-confirmed iOS
10 software and an upgraded processor, it will offer even more power and better
efficiency.

Likely to be boasting a processor called the A10 chip, the iPhone 7 will surely
boast more power - although it's anyone's guess as to how much this will
translate into actual usage.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.
We expect this will continue into an updated version of iOS.

According to Korean site ETNews , Apple is currently in discussion with
arch-rival Samsung over supplying OLED screens for its next phone.

This would shift the display over from the current LED model to a much more
vibrant OLED screen. Such a move would likely make for better colour
reproduction for videos and games, but might hamper battery life.

Elsewhere, a leak Italian website from HDblog suggests that Apple's iPhone 7
Plus, which is expected to launch alongside the iPhone 7 this September, will
feature a whopping 256GB of storage.

That's double the storage of an entry-level Macbook Air, and would make the
iPhone 7 Plus Apple's most high-capacity smartphone yet.

The site shows pictures of a 256GB SanDisk NAND flash memory chip that "could be
appropriate for the next generation smartphone", according to MacRumours .

Apple has used SanDisk flash memory chips in a number of previous iPhone models
- including the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus - so it wouldn't be
surprising if the two companies decided to link up again for the iPhone 7.

However, one change could be a huge boon for Apple fans.

A photo claiming to be of the iPhone 7 Plus has surfaced on Chinese website
Bastille Post , adding fuel to rumours that the smartphone will feature a
dual-lens camera.

The picture shows a protruding, pill-shaped enclosure - which differs from the
two separate circular camera openings depicted in some other online renderings.

Meanwhile, a video claiming to show the flagship iPhone 7's transparent case has
been uploaded to YouTube by Unbox Therapy , showing a large cut out for the rear
camera.

The advantage of a dual camera is that it could allow iPhone users to snap SLR
quality photos and 3D images on a smartphone.

Last year, Apple bought an Israeli smart camera company called LinX
Computational Imaging, which builds smartphone and tablet cameras with sensors
that provide depths of field.

The technology also allows for high quality images to be captured in low-light
conditions.

The misery of dropping your iPhone down the toilet could soon be over as the
latest rumours suggest Apple's next iPhone could be completely waterproof.

According to a report in the China-based Commercial Times , Apple is working on
a new "compound material" that repels water for use in its forthcoming
smartphone, which it is thought will be called the iPhone 7.

This new material will also reportedly remove the need for the two strips of
plastic that run across the back of the current generation of iPhones to allow
mobile signals to reach the antennas.

This suggests that the body of the next iPhone may not be made from metal at
all, but some other kind of material that allows radio waves to pass through it.

Industrial designer Herman Haidin has taken a stab at predicting the next
version of Apple's handset and reckons the American tech giant could use a
material known as 'liquidmetal'.

Apple acquired a patent for liquidmetal back in 2010 and uses it to make the
small SIM ejector tool that comes in each iPhone box.

The material itself is a type of alloy that's tougher and more water-resistant
than typical aluminium.

In the concept, Haidin envisions the iPhone 7 as a mere 3mm thick with a body
formed of glass and liquidmetal.

There has also been some suggestion that the iPhone 7 could include a
cutting-edge technology known as LiFi , that is capable of transmitting
information at 100 times the speed of WiFi.

However, this is unlikely, given that LiFi is still in the early stages of
development, and researchers don't expect it to be ready for commercial use
before the end of the decade.

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6s here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 14, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone 5s at Half the Price in 3 Mths

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 419 words


Apple has slashed prices of its Indian bestseller iPhone 5s for the third time
in three months, bringing them down to almost half of September levels, in a bid
to shore up sales as demand for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has nosedived after
Diwali.

iPhone 5s prices now starts at .

'24,999, down from .

'44,500 in September. This makes Indian price of iPhone 5s one of the lowest
globally, despite the depreciating rupee and higher import taxes making India
among markets where Apple products cost the most, retailers and analysts said.

\x93iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales has again dampened after a brief period of pick
up during Diwali, which prompted Apple to successively bring down price of
iPhone 5s,\x94 a senior executive with a leading retail chain said. \x93This is
interesting since iPhone 5s has been their best seller in the Indian market and
companies seldom drop prices such frequently for popular models,\x94 he said.

Retailers say iPhone 5s accounts for almost 50% of total iPhone sales in India.
Apple had lowered the price of iPhone 5s during Dusseh

ra in October and then again before Diwali in November. An email sent to Apple
did not elicit any response as of press time Sunday.

According to trade sources, the US tech giant\x92s latest move is triggered by
its plans to double India sales in the crucial December quarter, a high sales
period for Apple globally as it\x92s the launch period of new iPhones.

Analysts said Apple\x92s price cut of iPhone 5s is part of its strategy to build
a stronger portfolio in the mid-segment smartphone market.

"The $250-400 (. '27,000) '16,000\xAD.price band is where Apple wants to focus
its energies in India since they want to lock in more consumers into their
eco-system which would build up a base for upgradation when newer iPhones are
launched," said Tarun Pathak, senior telecom analyst at Counterpoint Research.

Pathak said this price band is one of the least competitive and where Indian
consumers typically look for the brand factor in purchase.He said the total
number of consumers in India in the iPhone 5 series was 1.2 million until
September 2015, of the total number of 3.5 million iPhone users who either own
the older or latest model. Retailers said the price cut would help Apple compete
better.

"Samsung's A and E series

smartphones are operating in this price band, but the Korean company has not yet
launched any newer models in these segments, hence Apple can significantly gain
share this quarter," a senior executive with a leading cellphone chain said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
