
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tested by Us, Built for You: OtterBox Trusted Protection Available Today for
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus

LENGTH: 584  words


Sept. 9 -- Every moment can be recorded, snapped and saved for a rainy day with
the new, enhanced iSight camera in iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. OtterBox
continues to protect the memories that matter most. From the No. 1-most trusted
case brand in smartphone protection, OtterBox announces a full lineup of cases
available now for the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.1

Defender Series, Commuter Series, Symmetry Series and Strada Series are
available now for iPhone 6s with Alpha Glass coming soon.2 iPhone 6s Plus cases
available now include Defender Series, Commuter Series and Symmetry Series, with
Alpha Glass coming soon.

"OtterBox tests each case design for more than 238 hours so you know your
memories are safe from the drops and bumps in daily life," said OtterBox
President and CEO Pete Lindgren. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed to
seamlessly integrate into your day, and our cases are the same - built for you
and your lifestyle. So you can take your brand new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus
and hand it to a toddler or go out 4-wheeling, without pause and without worry."

Each case design for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus undergoes a minimum of 24
tests across more than 238 hours to earn the seal of OtterBox Certified Drop+
Protection. These tests ensure lasting protection from drops, bumps, scratches
and dings. Trusted protection - tailored to every lifestyle - is available today
for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, and are compatible with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus devices.

Defender Series' triple-layer protection is the original case design that Apple
lovers have trusted with their precious devices for nearly a decade. The
built-in screen protector blocks out scratches and dust, while the shell and
outer slipcover absorb and dissipate shock. Custom color combinations for
Defender Series are available now for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on
otterbox.com.

The sleek Symmetry Series slides easily into pockets and slips perfectly in and
out of purses to help quickly capture Live Photos or 4K video. This slim iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus case is simple to install, and a raised, beveled edge
provides extra protection for the touchscreen during facedown drops. The
Symmetry Series case design is tested in-house to stand up to the wear and tear
with a purse test - fending off scratches from keys, shades and wallets for
long-lasting graphics and vibrant colors.

Two form-fitting layers combine to create the thin, protective Commuter Series
for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The outer shell and inner slipcover combine to
pull shock away from the device, and port covers keep debris out of the charge
and headphone connectors. Customize Commuter Series by creating a color
combination on otterbox.com.

For a classic, tailored look, Strada Series slips iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
into genuine leather and trusted protection. The folio front clasps open or
closed to guard against touchscreen scratches and includes a card slot to hold a
credit or identification card. A slim audio vent in the folio makes it simple to
take calls with the cover closed. Strada Series for iPhone 6s Plus is the first
time this professional, polished protection is available for a super-sized
smartphone.

OtterBox cases for iPad Pro and iPad mini 4 are being evaluated and information
on product availability will be released later this year.

OtterBox iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus cases are available now on otterbox.com
and at select retailers. For more information, visit otterbox.com.

Source: OtterBox

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 12, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus now Available for Pre-order before September 25

BYLINE: Peter Jenkins

LENGTH: 328  words


Good news for iphone lovers, as they can easily buy new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s
Plus directly from Apple, or from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, or Verizon. IPhone 6s
or iPhone 6s Plus is officially scheduled to launch on September 25, but now
people can easily pre-order it.

Every year, iphone customers get an opportunity to experience new iphones, with
the AppleCare+ warranty and support, through Apple's new iPhone Upgrade program.
The new iphones are coming in two new colors, Rose Gold and a darker shade of
Space Gray in collaboration with silver and gold colors.

Another great news for iphone users is that they can also get iPhone 6s or
iPhone 6s Plus on an easy EMI's of $32.41 per month for the 16GB iPhone 6s and
$44.91 per month for the 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

Different companies have set different price range for iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s
Plus. To cite an example, Verizon is giving 16GB iPhone 6s at price of $27.08
per month for 24 months and 16GB iPhone 6s Plus at starting price of $31.24 per
month for 24 months.

T-Mobile Company is giving a big discount of up to $125 to its customers if they
purchase it through the carrier's Jump on Demand phone upgrade plan. Being the
part of the carrier's iPhone Forever upgrade program, Sprint Corporation has
overpowered the price offered by T-Mobile.

An American telecommunications holding company is selling the iPhone 6s for $15
per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19 per month. Among all other companies, AT&T,
the second largest provider of mobile telephone, has set the lowest price for
16GB iPhone 6s for $21.67 per month for lease period of 24 months.

Also, AT&T Inc. is selling iPhone 6s Plus on lease of 12 months for $47.50 per
month, which no other company has offered yet.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Company: Sprint
(http://nycity.today/company/sprint)Apple (http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6s review

LENGTH: 1423  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

TLDR: The iPhone 6s is the best iPhone yet.

You didn't need me to tell you that. Apple's already doing a great job at that.
And almost every review you've read has highlighted that. So what could I
possibly add that hasn't been talked about? Not much really. I figured that the
best option would be to highlight what's new about these iPhones and then
compare how the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus differ. Hopefully this will help
you decided which one might be the right one for you.

Before we get into it, I would like to highlight that the iPhone 6s is my
personal unit that I upgraded from my iPhone 6 Plus. You can read why I moved to
the smaller size here. The iPhone 6s Plus was provided to me by Apple on loan
for review purposes.

Apple changes the design of the iPhone every couple of years so the design of
the iPhone 6S is, expectedly like it's predecessor. What's new is the material
that Apple has used for the enclosure- it's a new alloy of 7000 Series aluminum
and is super strong that should prevent any bending issues people had with the
older iPhone.

Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold color option with the iPhone 6S and
it is beautiful. I didn't like the color much in pictures and thought that it
looked very pink but in reality, it resembles a shade of copper and has become
my favorite color. I do have one complain though- of the four colors that the
iPhone 6s is available in, three have a white front and only the space grey is
black. I would like Apple to change that with the iPhone 7 and see more dark
fronts.

The Winner: Both the iPhones look identical. It really comes down to your
personal preference- if you like bigger phones, buy the Plus, otherwise pick up
the iPhone 6s. Personally, I'd pick the iPhone 6s because its more manageable
with one hand.

The biggest change that Apple has brought about in the iPhone 6s is 3D Touch
which adds pressure sensitivity to the screen allowing you to quickly access
functions that would otherwise require multiple taps. It's a power users tool
and my favorite new feature. The way it works is that you push a little harder
on an App's icon to get a menu which ranges from app to app. For example, the
camera app allows you to directly go into Selfie mode or the Phone app shows
some of your favorite contacts.

3D Touch also works within apps through peek and pop functions. If you're in
your inbox, you can peek into a preview of your email or press harder to open
it. In Instagram, while looking at a user's profile, you can peek into each
photo. You can also 3D touch the edge of your screen to go back to a previous
app or open multi-tasking, although this particular action is the one I found
the hardest to use- especially if you have a cover on your iPhone.

Although 3D Touch is a step in the right direction, it requires tweaking and
refinement, which is expected from a first gen feature. The good thing is that
many of the tweaks are software based so Apple should easily be able to control
the experience with iOS updates. Coming to the actual hardware, where I would
love to see it go is in the direction of the new trackpads on MacBooks that
completely tricks your brain into thinking that you've pressed the trackpad.
That's Apple magic.

The Winner: The larger size of the iPhone 6s Plus makes it harder to use with 3D
Touch gestures such as swiping from one end of the phone to the other so my
recommendation is to go with iPhone 6s.

The camera on the iPhone finally gets a megapixel bump after the 8MP sensor was
introduced on the iPhone 4s. That does not mean that Apple hasn't improved the
camera on the iPhones that followed- it has improved tremendously. But the
megapixel count was stuck at 8MP and with the iPhone 6s, Apple has made the jump
to 12MP. Increasing the megapixels doesn't automatically improve the quality of
the camera but it does let you zoom more into pictures and provides a bigger
cropping area.

The bigger improvement to the camera is on the front with the FaceTime HD camera
being bumped to 5MP and with a screen flash that will allow you to take good
selfies even in low-lit conditions. Apple has also updated the video camera to
4K but you really need a stable pair on hands or OIS on the camera which is only
present on the iPhone 6s Plus and works with both stills and videos.

On the software side, Apple has introduces Live Photos that take 1.5 seconds of
recordings before and after the photo is taken giving you moving pictures. I had
used this feature on HTC phones in the past and really liked it so I'm glad that
Apple has added them on the iPhone. A software update will fix one of my
complains which was the sudden shakiness of you lowering your hand after taking
a photo.

The Winner: The iPhone 6S plus is the clear winner here mainly because of the
OIS that you get on stills and movies which is especially helpful if you're
planning on shooting in 4k. Also, the larger screen makes for a better
viewfinder experience.

The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus are based on the new Apple A9 processor and
come with 2GB of RAM which helps tremendously switching between apps. Having
owned last year's iPhone 6 Plus, I was a bit concerned about the performance on
the Plus model which was noticeably laggier than the non Plus model.

The iPhone 6 Plus has a higher 1920×1080 resolution screen (2M pixels) compared
to the regular iPhone 6 which has a 1334×750 resolution screen or 1M pixels.
However, the iPhone 6 Plus internally renders at an even higher 2208×1242
resolution (2.7M pixels) and then scale it down to 1920×1080. Clearly, the A8
and A9 chips do a lot more work on the Plus variants resulting in the lagginess.

The good news is that the Plus version of the phone runs much smoother with the
iPhone 6s models. However, even with the iOS 9.1 update released a few days
back, it's not as smooth as the regular 6s model which runs like butter. I could
still see a few stutters on the iPhone 6s Plus but I believe that with the raw
performance that the A9 processor offers, Apple will be able to optimize many of
the UI effects.

The winner: If you want the best performance, the iPhone 6s is definitely the
clear winner with a butter smooth UI.

One of my biggest complains with the iPhone 6 when it was originally released
was the battery life. There was hardly a day when I could get past 6PM on a full
charge and it was the reason I sold my iPhone 6 to buy the Plus. The larger size
of the Plus allows for a bigger battery and one that easily lasts you a full
day.

With software update to iOS 8, the battery life on iPhone 6 improved and with
iOS 9 Apple introduced the battery saver option that got more juice out of your
battery. On the iPhone 6s, I now get enough battery to last until early parts of
the night.

However, the iPhone 6s Plus continues to be the king when it comes to battery
life. On regular days, I have well over 40% capacity left by the time I hit my
bed but even on days when I'm out and about using the iPhone to record
interviews, videos and pictures, as well as tethering data, the iPhone 6s Plus
still lasts me till the end of the day.

Winner: Clearly the iPhone 6s Plus with it's bigger battery is the best option
if you want a device that lasts you all day and then some. The iPhone 6s
struggles to make it to the end of the day without getting some recharging.

I've tried to cover most of the bigger changes that Apple has made to the new
iPhone 6s. There are some other changes as well such as an addition of a 4th
microphone and an insanely faster TouchID that barely lets you see the lock
screen. Apple has also made the iPhone 6s a bit more water resistant. You get
all of that with both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus.

Between the two phones, there is no "better" one. It all depends on what's
important to you. If you like large phones, the iPhone 6s Plus is the way to go.
You get additional battery life and a better camera experience with it. On the
other hand, if you prefer a device more manageable in one hand, then the iPhone
6s would be a better option. It's easier to use with gestures and has better
performance.

It's the best iPhone yet. But you didn't need me to tell you that.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/144611764948.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/84/144611765095.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/87/144611765253.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/144611765410.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/6/144611765551.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/85/144611765675.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/36/144611765771.gif



LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  The DQ Week

                               September 10, 2015

Apple launches iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

BYLINE: DQW Bureau

LENGTH: 227  words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus - described by CEO Tim Cook
as the "most advanced phones ever" - at a special event in San Francisco on
Wednesday. Pre-orders for the new iPhone models begin this Saturday and they
have a launch date (start shipping) in twelve countries on September 25.

The price for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus remain unchanged compared to
their predecessors: $649 for the 16GB iPhone 6s, $749 for the 64GB iPhone 6s and
16GB iPhone 6s Plus, $849 for 128GB iPhone 6s and 64GB iPhone 6s Plus, and $949
for the 128GB iPhone 6s Plus (all US prices). There's no word yet on India price
or launch date.

The new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus come in four colours: Silver, Gold, Space
Grey, and a new Rose Gold Aluminium finish, made from a custom alloy designed by
Apple. The regions where the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available at
launch are: Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New
Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US.

The phones come with new 3D touch, which is a pressure sensitive screen that
lets you perform different actions dependent on the amount of pressure you put.
For example, you can light press to preview content, while tap normally to go
view it as usual. Or you can 3D Touch the Facebook icon on your home screen and
post an update without having to open an app.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 The DQ Week, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus launched in India; check price details

LENGTH: 220  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 16 -- Zee Media Bureau
 After three weeks of its official launch in the United States, the new Apple
iPhones -iPhone 6S, 6S Plus have hit Indian stores.


 The phones started selling at the intervening night of October 15-16 with
series of telecom service providers lining up to woo the Apple gadget lovers.
 Also read: Vodafone to offer freebies worth Rs 8,885 on latest iPhones
 Also read: Airtel offers freebies worth Rs 15,000 with iPhone 6s, 6s Plus
 Apart from offline retailers, the latest iPhone is available on major
e-commerce sites like Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal and infibeam.
 Also read: Apple iPhone 6s: Best features at a glance!
 The availability of the new devices, that compete with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 Edge+, will enable the US-based firm to cash in on
the upcoming festive season.
 Also read launch details: Apple unveils iPhones 6S, 6S Plus with '3D Touch'
 Here are the details of price list of both the phones.
 Also read: iBad News! At Rs 62,000 for 16GB, iPhone 6s is costliest in India
 Details of iPhone 6S price list
 iPhone 6S 16GB price: Rs 62,000
 iPhone 6S 64GB price: Rs 72,000
 iPhone 6S 128GB price: Rs 82,000
 Details of iPhone 6S Plus price list
 iPhone 6S Plus 16GB price: Rs 72,000
 iPhone 6S Plus 64GB price: Rs 82,000
 iPhone 6S Plus 128GB price: 92,000

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus: 10 things to know

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 803 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 6S Plus features a 5.5-inch Full HD screen, 12MP with a new
64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes than the one seen
in last year's iPhones.

Apple's new iPhones are here. The tech giant unveiled the two updated iPhones --
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus -- at an event in San Francisco's mega Bill Graham
Civic auditorium. Talking about the new smartphones, Apple CEO Tim Cook said,
"They look familiar, but we have changed everything about these iPhones."

One of the key new features of the new iPhones is the new touch capability
called 3D Touch which allows the screen to sense multiple types of pressure.

Here are 10 things you need to know about Apple's latest iPhones:

3D Touch

Most smartphone users are accustomed to 'multi-touch' -- the ability for phones
to recognize touches from multiple fingers, enabling such capabilities as
pinching to zoom. With new iPhones, Apple brings in 3D Touch.

Pressing down hard on the new iPhones will launch additional capabilities. For
example, you can get quick access to tasks such as taking a selfie or getting
directions home. From a message, 3D Touch will give you a preview of a web link
without launching the browser. Similarly, press for a few seconds on a document
icon, and a preview pops out. Press on an address in an email, and a map opens
up. On some video apps, the pressure determines how quickly you forward or
rewind.

12MP rear camera

After being stuck with an 8MP camera sensor since iPhone 4S, the iPhone range
has finally received a substantial megapixel upgrade. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus sport a 12MP rear camera, with 50% more focus pixels to ensure faster
autofocus.

Apple says that the new iPhones' camera will deliver more detailed photos than
ever before. It can also capture panorama shots in 63MP resolution and capture
videos in 4K (movie hall quality) resolution.

5MP selfie camera

The selfie camera has also got an upgrade this year, jumping from 1.2MP in
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to 5MP in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Though it is not backed by a front-facing LED flash, Apple has used a technology
called Retina Flash to deliver brighter selfies. This feature increases the
brightness of the screen by three times, which Apple claims is comparable to
that of its rear dual-LED flash

The front camera also gets an upgrade. It'll be 5MP FaceTime HD camera that uses
the phone's Retina display for a flash for "detailed selfies." Apple claims that
the new capabilities will now let the display light up 3-times brighter for a
flash that's comparable to that of the TrueTone flash on the back.

Apple has also debuted a feature called Live Photos in the camera app, which
will capture a 1.5-second video before and after you click the shutter in order
to create animated GIFs.

A new colour

The new iPhone 6S Plus will also come in a rose gold colour, as well as the
standard silver, gold, and space gray hues.

More durable body

Though the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same as their respective predecessors,
they are made of stronger material. Apple has used aircraft-grade 7000 aluminium
alloy, which is less dense and lighter than standard metals used in smartphones,
but is up to 60% stronger.

Apple has also said that the glass used in the touchscreen this time is stronger
than ever before.

Faster processor

The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus pack the new 64-bit A9 chip with integrated M9
motion coprocessor under the hood, which processes apps 70% faster and graphics
90% faster according to Apple.

Faster fingerprint sensor

Apple says that the TouchID fingerprint sensor used in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is
twice as fast as the one used in previous iPhones and iPads.

Improved 4G and Wi-Fi performance

Apple has upgraded the wireless chips in iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus too, which
can download/upload data twice as fast compared to last year's models. The two
iPhones now support up to 23 4G LTE bands.

Price

Apple said the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as their predecessors;
iPhone 6S' 16, 64 and 128GB variants will cost $199, $299 and $399 on contract,
while the iPhone 6S Plus' three variants have been priced at $299, $399 and $499
respectively.

iPhone 5S has become the new entry-level model and will be available free on
contract in the US, whereas iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (16GB variants only) will cost
$99 and $199, respectively.

The unlocked iPhone 6S Plus will cost $649, $749 and $849 for the 16, 32, and
64GB variants. Similarly, iPhone 6S Plus unlocked will cost $749, $849 and $949
for the three storage options.

Availability

Pre-orders for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus start on September 12 in the US, the
UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. The
smartphones will hit the stores on September 25. There is no word yet on the
India launch of the new models.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     September 29, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

No Lines, No Hassle, No Waiting: OtterBox Lineup for iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus
Available Now

LENGTH: 489  words


Sept. 29 -- Some camp out on the sidewalk for days. Others line up so early the
local coffee shop hasn't opened. No matter the method, being the first to get
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is a big deal. Don't wait to protect the brand new
Apple iPhones - OtterBox cases are available now.

Slip the meticulously designed iPhone 6s or svelte iPhone 6s Plus into an
OtterBox case as soon as it leaves the box so it stays pristine all year long.
From the slimmest Symmetry Series to the rugged Defender Series, the full
OtterBox case lineup for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus means there's something
for everyone.*

"We know people who wait all night long to get the first feel of the latest
iPhones don't want to cover them up," said OtterBox President and CEO Pete
Lindgren. "Our goal is to keep the feel and user experience as close to the
'real thing' as possible. When you pull your new iPhone with 4K video and 3D
Touch out of the box, you can cover it knowing trusted OtterBox protection works
seamlessly with every feature and function."

Defender Series is the perfect companion for cautious techies that need extra
layers of security. Triple-layer protection guards iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
from harm from almost any angle.

Commuter Series has double-layer protection for Apple lovers on the go. A
slipcover and thin polycarbonate shell provides slim protection and offers
custom color combinations on otterbox.com.

For those who want to keep iPhone as thin as possible, Symmetry Series
complements the curves of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus with a variety of colors
and graphics. Plus, the slim form is easy to slip into pockets and pull out to
capture Live Photos at a moment's notice.

Folio-lovers can cover iPhone 6s in Strada Series, the slim, leather folio case
with trusted OtterBox protection. In sleek black and burgundy, iPhone 6s wears a
classic, tailored look with full folio screen protection.

Coming soon, techies who use iPhone 6s for every search, app, snap and tap can
stay charged with Resurgence Power Case. The iPhone 6s power case offers
military-rated drop protection in a slim, two-piece design that snaps around the
device. With the press of a button, Resurgence charges iPhone 6s up to 100
percent, then stops. The auto-stop charge technology saves power for later, when
it's needed most.

For the truest touchscreen experience, OtterBox offers Alpha Glass to stop
scratches from reaching iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus' vibrant displays.
Fortified to help avoid splintering, Alpha Glass applies flawlessly to the
touchscreen, retains screen responsiveness and pairs perfectly with OtterBox
Symmetry Series, Commuter Series, Resurgence Power Case and Strada Series cases.
Alpha Glass is coming soon in both Clear and Privacy to protect against prying
eyes.

OtterBox iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus cases are available now on otterbox.com
and at select retailers. For more information, visit otterbox.com.

Source: OtterBox

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16% cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in
what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs 55,000,
according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity. The
price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of both models.
The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices between
launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Below is the approximate prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on one of the
country's biggest e-commerce website:

* iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 48,499

* iPhone 6S (64GB): Rs 62,849

* iPhone 6S (128GB): Rs 74,940

* iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 61,999

* iPhone 6S Plus (64GB): Rs 75,499

* iPhone 6S Plus (128GB): Rs 85,999

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 13, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone fans can Pre-order iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus from Apple Store iOS app

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 288  words


iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus can now easily be preordered directly from Apple, or
from AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, or Verizon, instead of waiting for the official
launch date on September 25. It seems great as you can now pre-order the new
iphone from the Apple Store iOS app.

Every year, iphone customers get an opportunity to experience new iphones, with
the AppleCare+ warranty and support, through Apple's new iPhone Upgrade program.
The new iphones are coming in two new colors, Rose Gold and a darker shade of
Space Gray in collaboration with silver and gold colors.

Another great news for iphone users is that they can also get iPhone 6s or
iPhone 6s Plus on an easy EMI's of $32.41 per month for the 16GB iPhone 6s and
$44.91 per month for the 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

Different companies have set different price range for iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s
Plus. To cite an example, Verizon is giving 16GB iPhone 6s at price of $27.08
per month for 24 months and 16GB iPhone 6s Plus at starting price of $31.24 per
month for 24 months.

T-Mobile Company is giving a big discount of up to $125 to its customers if they
purchase it through the carrier's Jump on Demand phone upgrade plan. Being the
part of the carrier's iPhone Forever upgrade program, Sprint Corporation has
overpowered the price offered by T-Mobile.

An American telecommunications holding company is selling the iPhone 6s for $15
per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19 per month. Among all other companies, AT&T,
the second largest provider of mobile telephone, has set the lowest price for
16GB iPhone 6s for $21.67 per month for lease period of 24 months.

Also, AT&T Inc. is selling iPhone 6s Plus on lease of 12 months for $47.50 per
month, which no other company has offered yet.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Now get Apple iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus on Flipkart

BYLINE: Anurag Kumar, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 257  words


Apple, the technology giant is still to announce the pricing of its latest
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus smartphones in India, but the flagship devices have
been listed on the country's top e-commerce website Flipkart.

Wednesday, October 07, 2015: Apple, technology giant is still to announce the
pricing of its latest iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus smartphones in India, but the
flagship devices have been listed on the country's top e-commerce website
Flipkart.

Available in gold, rose gold, and space grey colours, iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus start at Rs 64,836 and Rs 74,117, respectively. Here are the full prices of
the new iPhones:

Apple iPhone 6S 16GB

Rs 64,836

Apple iPhone 6S 64GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S 128GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 16GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 64GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 128GB

Rs 88,478

However, these are not the official prices of the new iPhones fixed by the
company but have been set by the sellers themselves.

Apple has communicated the indicative prices and given the go-ahead to begin
taking advance orders, said trade sources.

On social networks, an unofficial price list citing Apple trade partners as the
source, is being circulated. However, there are no comments by Apple India on
the list.

Across India at major retail chains pre-bookings have officially started as well
as on the Infibeam.

India's largest mobile phone retail chain, the MobileStore said its 800+ outlets
will take pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each up to October 13.

From the night of October 15, the smartphones will become available.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has revealed the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 model prices in
India. The company has also revealed the prices of 32GB storage version of the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the country.The iPhone 7 Plus 32GB, 128GB and
256GB will cost Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000 respectively, while the
iPhone 7 32GB, 128GB and 256GB will be priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs
80,000 respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus 32GB version costs Rs 60,000 and the
iPhone 6s 32GB storage variant costs Rs 50,000.The iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus 128GB variants are priced at Rs 60,000 and Rs 70,000 respectively.

As for the iPhone SE, the 16GB version costs Rs 39,000, while the 64GB version
costs Rs 44,000.It is worth noting that the iPhone 6s 128GB previously carried a
price tag of Rs Rs 82,000 and has received a price cut of Rs 22,000. The iPhone
6s Plus 128GB version also got a price cut of Rs 22,000.The price cuts come as
the India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
-- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple
has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several
resellers of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the
pre-bookings for the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India
in October last year. The Apple iPhone6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs
62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones
come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel
iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is
5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation
TouchID sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung
Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70%
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by
a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models.Apple officially
launched iPhone SE in India in April. The smartphone comes in two variants --
32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a
resolution of 640 x 1136 pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9
motion co-processor. Other specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and
Touch ID. It will be available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The
smartphone will be available in the country in April.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 20, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

5 Reasons to Upgrade to iPhone 6S & 6S Plus

LENGTH: 437  words


Here is why you should upgrade your existing iPhone 5, 5S or 6 to latest iPhone
6S or 6S Plus!

Tuesday, October 20, 2015: Apple just released the next generation of iPhones in
India. iPhone 6S and 6S Plus flaunt Apple's latest hardware and software
technology. The phones were made available within a month after the global
announcement. With the kind of price point iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are at,
existing iPhone users are in dilemma of upgrading to next generation iPhone
6S/6S Plus. Today we have listed 5 reasons why you should upgrade to iPhone 6S,
6S Plus.

1. 3D Touch

Apple for the firs time has introduced force touch technology in smartphone. The
technology was debuted for Apple Watch in last year. 3D Touch is set to change
the overall look and feel of iOS. The device automatically detects pressure on
the display and OS responds to it. You can quickly peek using gentle press. The
longer press will open up an array of essentials. Apple has opened up doors for
developers. Developers can leverage 3D Touch API to integrate the technology in
their apps.

2. Camera

New iPhones are packed with next generation camera technology. Apple has packed
the improved camera sensor in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The specially of this
sensor is, it's packed with supporting advanced software technology to help you
click best pictures even in low light conditions. Apple has added optical image
stabilization and Retina Flash for selfie lovers. Retina Flash uses display
brightness to highlight the face while clicking self photographs.

3. 4K Video

Apple iPhone finally supports 4K video shooting. The new camera sensor and
faster A9 processor together have made 4K ultra high definition video recording
possible. The new video stabilization support in iPhone 6S Plus makes shooting
much easier. You can expect much more stable videos with iPhone 6S. The camera
now enables to capture slow motion vides in 1080p resolution at 120fps. You can
slow it further down and record in 720p at 240 fps.

4. Live Photos

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will enable the shooting of 3-seconds GIF. You can share
this animated picture on social media. Apple is planning to make the API
available to developers so that they can develop and enable app-to-app sharing
of Live Photos. This new additional can help you create livelier wallpapers.

5. Battery

Apple has teardown the battery capacity of iPhone 6S Plus. The 6S Plus comes
with 2750mAh battery whereas, iPhone 6 Plus packed 2915mAh battery. However,
Apple claims same talk-time and standby time on iPhone 6S Plus. The latest
software and hardware tweaks have enhanced the battery performance on new
iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Apple launches iPhone 6S, 6S Plus in India

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 465 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has launched its two new iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus in India. It's worth mentioning that this is the fastest iPhone rollout
in India with the phones being made available less than a month after being
going on sale in the US.

The iPhone 6S will be available at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for
the 64GB version, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB storage variant. The iPhone 6S
Plus has been priced at Rs 72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB
version, and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB variant. Note that these prices are MRP
rates.

The phones will be retailed by Apple's four main iPhone distributors across
12,000 retail outlets, including large format retail chains such as Croma,
Reliance Digital and Jumbo, besides the e-commerce players such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

With the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, prices of the previous generation
iPhones have already been slashed. The iPhone 6 now has an MRP of Rs 52,000 for
16GB and Rs 62,000 for 64GB versions. The 6 Plus is available at an MRP of Rs
62,000 for 16GB and Rs72,000 for 64GB versions

Along with the standard silver, space gray and gold colours, iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus have also been launched in a new rose gold hue.

While there is no increment in screen size in iPhone 6S (4.7-inch HD) and iPhone
6S (5.5-inch Full HD) compared to last year's models, the phones feature a new
3D Touch display technology, which allows the screen panel to differentiate
between types of touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the
homescreen.

Both iPhones are powered by the new A9 processor with 2GB RAM (reported) and run
iOS 9 operating system. The new 64-bit A9 chipset is 70% faster at carrying out
processes than the one on last year's iPhones. Similarly, the graphics
processing will be 90% faster.

While the phones come in 3 storage variants - 16, 64, and 128GB, there is no
support for microSD cards for storage expansions.

One of the biggest upgrades to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is in the cameras.
The rear cameras of the two smartphones have 12MP resolution, backed by
dual-tone dual-LED flash, while the front cameras have 5MP sensors. A new camera
feature of iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is Live Photos, which can turn photos
into short videos. The rear camera has also got 4K recording to capture
high-resolution videos.

According to Apple, the iPhone 6S delivers up to 14 hours talk time on 3G and up
to 10 days standby time. The 6S Plus offers up to 24 hours talk time on 3G and
up to 16 days standby time.

The new iPhones feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

The phones support most popular connectivity options, including 4G LTE.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                     September 11, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple launches its most advanced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones

LENGTH: 900  words


"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing

Apple, on Thursday announced the most advanced iPhones ever, iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhone's revolutionary
Multi-Touch interface. The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to
enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used in the
aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new
iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever
in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life. These are the most advanced
iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium, ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit
A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch
ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are going to love them," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus introduce new ways to navigate and experience
iPhone by sensing pressure to enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can
dip in and out of content without losing your place. Press lightly to Peek at a
photo, email, web page or other content, and press a little deeper to Pop into
the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch provides shortcuts to the
things you do most, so you can send a message or take a selfie with just a
simple press from the Home screen.

The world's most popular camera is even better in the new iPhones with new ways
to capture and relive unforgettable moments. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce Live Photos, which go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
Live Photos are beautiful 12-megapixel photos that, with just a press, reveal
the moments immediately before and after the shot was taken, so you can enjoy a
living memory rather than an instant frozen in time.

High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840 x
2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilisation to video on iPhone 6s Plus, for taking beautiful videos in lower
light. After capturing 4K video, you can edit on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the
latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can even edit two simultaneous streams.


Additional camera advancements include:

* A new state-of-the-art 12-megapixel sensor with advanced pixel technology and
Apple-designed image signal processor, for truer colours and sharper, more
detailed photos; and

* A new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash, which momentarily makes
the display three times brighter with True Tone lighting, for wonderfully bright
selfies in low light.

A9, Apple's third-generation 64-bit chip powers these innovations with 70
percent faster CPU and 90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8, all with
gains in energy efficiency for great battery life. The A9 chip and iOS 9 are
architected together for optimal performance where it matters most, in real
world usage. M9, Apple's next-generation motion coprocessor, is embedded into
A9, allowing more features to run all the time at lower power, including "Hey
Siri," without iPhone needing to be plugged in.

With advanced wireless technologies including faster Wi-Fi and LTE Advanced,
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus users can browse, download and stream content even
faster. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands - the most in any
smartphone - for better worldwide roaming.

iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. Built-in apps become more
powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and
an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.
The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less
space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

Pricing & Availability:

* iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space grey and
the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus will be
available in 16GB, 64GB, and 128GB models. The new iPhones will be available
with a range of financing plans and payment options from Apple.com, through
select carriers and Apple Authorised Resellers.

* Both models will be available in the UK, Australia, Canada, China, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the US
beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginningSaturday, September 12.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                      October 1, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Is Earning $513 On Sale Of Every iPhone 6s Plus Unit; New iPhones Smash
All Sales Record

BYLINE: Mohul Ghosh

LENGTH: 505  words


It seems that the China experiment has worked wonderfully for Apple. As per
reports coming in, Apple has managed to sell 13 million iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus units during the launch weekend, a figure which exceeds market
expectations, and Apple's own record.

The new models of iPhone were launched on September 25th.

Within next three days, Apple records a sale of 13 million for these units;
whereas market was expecting a figure of 10-11 million. Last year, first weekend
sale of iPhone 6 and 6s was 10 million units.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said
(http://www.apple.com/pr/library/2015/09/28Apple-Announces-Record-
iPhone-6s-iPhone-6s-Plus-Sales.html) in a statement, "Sales for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first-weekend
sales results in Apple's history,"

As per tech observers, China has a very important role to play in this
record-smashing sale, as the new iPhone models were available for Chinese
customers on the launch date. This added to the momentum, and triggered a
sales-frenzy which is normally associated with Apple products.

By October 9th, these new models would be available in other European countries
such as Belgium, Greece, Mexico, Russia and Taiwan; by October 10th, Middle East
would be covered as the new models would be available across Bahrain, Jordan,
Qatar, Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates.

India will have to wait till October 16th, when the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus would be available in Indian sub-continent, besides Malaysia and Turkey.

Every iPhone 6s Plus Makes $513 for Apple!

Meanwhile, research firm IHS has said that every sale of iPhone 6s Plus is
making a profit of $513
(http://www.moneycontrol.com/news/world-news/apple-rakes36513every-iphone-6s
-plus-sale_3360281.html) for Apple. Even if we assume that out of 13 million,
50% were iPhone 6s Plus, then it makes a weekend collection of $3.3 billion for
Apple!

As per IHS, Apple spends $236 on manufacturing, distributing and selling each
iPhone 6s Plus device; and its sold for $749, which is a whopping 217.4% margin
on every device.

Providing a further breakdown, IHS informed that bills for material for a 16 GB
iPhone 6s Plus comes at $231.50, which increases to $236 after adding
manufacturing cost.

Although the new 6s Plus costs only $16 more than iPhone 6 Plus model, but the
low costs of component have exponentially increased the margins.

The Most Expensive Component of iPhone 6s Plus

As per research by IHS, the screen of an 6s Plus model costs $52.50, which makes
it the most expensive component of this mobile phone. This new screen has the
3-D touch feature, which can carry out different tasks, based on the amount of
pressure applied.

The front facing and main camera, together costs $22.50 for each device (for 6s
Plus, the main camera is 12 MP, increased from 8 MP last last)

Another interesting finding: For Apple, a 64 GB variant costs only $17 more than
16 GB variant to manufacture and sell; but while selling it, they charge $100
more. Another huge money spinner for Apple!

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 3:54 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier;
They can shoot Live Photos, have pressure-sensitive screens, an always-listening
Siri, and faster fingerprint sensors, but look identical to last year's models

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1279 words


Apple's new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus smartphones land in customers hands on Friday,
but a select bunch of reviewers have been given early access.

The Guardian is not one of those picked by Apple to receive a sample of the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus ahead of its release, and will publish a review after
buying one at the same time as consumers.

In the meantime, here is a quick roundup of the general opinion on Apple's
latest.

Review: Apple's iPhone 6s And 6s Plus Go 'Tick' - Tech Crunch

                     Matthew Panzarino sees quite an uptick in performance of
this year's iPhone over the iPhone 6, in its "tick-tock" upgrade cycle :

In our tests, there was a 56.5% increase in Geekbench benchmark scores from the
iPhone 6 Plus to the iPhone 6s Plus. That follows a 97% increase from the iPhone
5 to the iPhone 5s. In comparison, there was only a 24.9% increase from the
iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6. In terms of performance, the 'tock' years are really
kicking the 'tick' years in the butt.

iPhone 6S review: Apple's 3D Touch screen and camera improvements make the best
better - Digital Spy

Despite the iPhone 6S being thicker and heavier than its predecessor, Matt Hill
found it wasn't noticeable.

No need to grumble, this is still slim by any standard, with the phone's
increased portliness barely noticeable and the added 14g giving the phone a more
reassuring heft. Easily the most well constructed handset on the market -
despite increased competition from the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC
One M9 - the iPhone 6S's cool-to-the-touch metal body and softly curved edges
make the phone look and feel great.

iPhone 6S review: Apple presses forward - The Verge

Nilay Patel loves the new pressure-sensitive "3D Touch" screen but admits that
it's not exactly a novel concept, even if it's a new implementation:

On the home screen, app icons can show quick actions when you push them. Pushing
on a calendar entry shows you more information about it, and pushing on a map
pin lets you jump straight to directions. Pushing on a message in Mail opens a
preview that you can slide to either side to delete or archive, and pushing
harder opens the message. It's the same in Safari: pushing lightly on a link
opens a preview, and pushing slightly harder actually opens the page. It's not
some insane lightning bolt of inspiration; Google is doing something very
similar with Material Design and Microsoft has been sliding things all over the
screen since someone was drunk enough to approve the name 'Windows Phone 7
Series'. But 3D Touch [is] by far the most aggressive and interesting step in
this direction anyone has ever taken.

iPhone 6s Review: A Slightly Better iPhone 6 - The Wall Street Journal

The camera's better, the processor is faster and it has a new screen, but the
battery life of the iPhone is still poor, according to Joanna Stern:

Let's get this out of the way first. The No. 1 thing people want in a smartphone
is better battery life. And the iPhone 6s doesn't deliver that. The 4.7-inch 6s
will get you through the day, but you'll struggle to make it til bedtime with
moderate to heavy use. And it seemed to drain even faster than my 6 when I used
the new processor-intensive camera features like Live Photos. The bigger
5.5-inch 6s Plus lasted longer and is the best choice if you're a heavy user and
want some juice left over at the end of the day.

I Used The Crap Out Of The New iPhone 6S And This Is What Happened - BuzzFeed
Life

Writing for BuzzFeed Life (not BuzzFeed News, that's below) Nicole Nguyen found
Apple's marketing a little distasteful :

The marketing slogan for the 6S is "The only thing that's changed is
everything," which is funny because that's, well, not true. Take a look at the
hardware. It's impossible to tell the difference between the 6S and 6 iPhones,
save for a tinyyy [sic] ant-sized "S" on the rear and slightly more heft (the 6S
phones are one ounce heavier). They're fraternal twins that basically look like
identical twins. What is different are the few, significant internal
improvements, one of which is what I think will entice people (namely, me) to
upgrade. 3D Touch is the 6S's killer feature. But it depends on what apps decide
to support it.

Yet Another iPhone 6s Review - BuzzFeed News

John Paczkowski found images shot by the 12-megapixel camera were generally
better, as you would expect.

The photos I've taken with the new 12 megapixel rear camera on the iPhone 6s
look a little bit better than the ones I've taken with the 8 megapixel one on
the iPhone 6 - and even my not-at-all-a-photographer's eye can see that. Apple
says this is because of "improved local tone mapping" and an "advanced pixel
technology" called Focus Pixels. It probably is. I don't care. What matters is
that pictures of my daughters look warmer, sharper, more detailed, whatever. And
they look equally good when I blow them up.

iPhone 6S Plus review: Is bigger better? - Pocket-Lint

Stuart Miles says the optical stabilisation and phase detection autofocus make
the new 12-megapixel upgrade to the iPhone's camera a winner, but Live Photos
are a mixed bag for now.

A lot of Live Photos we've shot have footage of us hastily dropping the camera
after taking the shot. Another frustration is that audio is automatically
recorded, which at times is lovely - a child's giggle for example - but not so
great when you've got the same child screaming in the background. All that extra
video adds to their size too, meaning a Live Photo is worth around two still
photos in terms of space. While you can offload some of that to Apple's iCloud
Drive service (at a yearly subscription) a 16GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't going to
stretch as far as it used to (compounding the argument for a 32GB minimum
model).

iPhone 6S Review: Come for the New Features, Stay for the Screaming Speed -
Bloomberg

Speed is at the heart of the new iPhones for Sam Grobart, including the new and
improved fingerprint scanner:

The Touch ID sensor is instantaneous: By the time you've pressed the home button
to wake up the phone, you've already authenticated yourself and are on the home
screen.

iPhone 6s review: built for success - The Telegraph

According to Rhiannon Williams, the always-listening "Hey Siri" feature needs a
bit of work learning to ignore everyone but you :

Thanks to the integrated A9, Siri is now always on, waiting to be activated by
the command "Hey Siri". This is attuned to your voice when you first set Siri up
during the iPhone activation process, which means Siri is supposed to be able to
pick out your voice alone from within a crowded room. I did find that a woman of
a similar age and voice range to myself was able to activate Siri from a
distance by speaking a command, so maybe this is a feature which needs a bit of
refining.

iPhone 6s Plus review: more battery, better camera and a bigger screen mean new
phone could win you round to huge phones - The Independent

And of that Rose Gold colour, apparently it's difficult to photograph and looks
better in real life, says David Phelan.

The rose gold, by the way, looks better in the flesh than in photos, thanks to a
colour that is understated and warm rather than out-and-out pink.

iPhone 6S review - Tech Radar

Gareth Beavis sees the upgrade as a no-brainer if money is no object, but it's a
much more difficult call for most people.

It's still one of, if not the, most expensive flagship phones on the market, and
as such needs to impress in every way, which the iPhone 6S doesn't quite do. The
iPhone 6 remains on sale at a lower price, and the difference between it and
Apple's latest phone is negligible.

· iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus in India: 10 things to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 660 words


Apple's latest smartphones -- iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus -- are finally here!
Launched in India within a month of their global rollout for the first time, the
new iPhones look pretty similar to last year's models, but sport for a lot of
new features, like 3D Touch and better camera

But these are not the only new thing to look forward to. Here are 10 things you
need to know about Apple's new iPhone 6S:

3D Touch

Most smartphone users are accustomed to 'multi-touch' -- the ability for phones
to recognize touches from multiple fingers, enabling such capabilities as
pinching to zoom. With the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, Apple brings in 3D Touch.

Pressing down hard on the new iPhones will launch additional capabilities. For
example, you can get quick access to tasks such as taking a selfie or getting
directions home. From a message, 3D Touch will give you a preview of a web link
without launching the browser. Similarly, press for a few seconds on a document
icon, and a preview pops out. Press on an address in an email, and a map opens
up. On some video apps, the pressure determines how quickly you forward or
rewind.

12MP rear camera

After being stuck with an 8MP camera sensor since iPhone 4S, the iPhone range
has finally received a substantial megapixel upgrade. iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus sport a 12MP rear camera, with 50% more focus pixels to ensure faster
autofocus.

Apple says that the new iPhones' camera will deliver more detailed photos than
ever before. It can also capture panorama shots in 63MP resolution and capture
videos in 4K (movie hall quality) resolution.

5MP selfie camera

The selfie camera has also got an upgrade this year, jumping from 1.2MP in
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to 5MP in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Though it is not backed by a front-facing LED flash, Apple has used a technology
called Retina Flash to deliver brighter selfies. This feature increases the
brightness of the screen by three times, which Apple claims is comparable to
that of its rear dual-LED flash.

The front camera also gets an upgrade. It'll be 5MP FaceTime HD camera that uses
the phone's Retina display for a flash for "detailed selfies." Apple claims that
the new capabilities will now let the display light up 3-times brighter for a
flash that's comparable to that of the TrueTone flash on the back.

Live Photos

Apple has also debuted a feature called Live Photos in the camera app, which
will capture a 1.5-second video before and after you click the shutter in order
to create animated GIFs. Facebook has already added support for Live Photos,
while others may follow suit soon.

A new colour

The new iPhone 6S Plus will also come in a rose gold colour, as well as the
standard silver, gold and space gray hues.

More durable body

Though the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same as their respective predecessors,
they are made of stronger material. Apple has used aircraft-grade 7000 aluminium
alloy, which is less dense and lighter than standard metals used in smartphones,
but is up to 60% stronger.

Apple has also said that the glass used in the touchscreen this time is stronger
than ever before.

Faster processor

The new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus pack the new 64-bit A9 chip with integrated M9
motion coprocessor under the hood, which processes apps 70% faster and graphics
90% faster according to Apple.

Faster fingerprint sensor

Apple says that the TouchID fingerprint sensor used in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is
twice as fast as the one used in previous iPhones and iPads.

Improved 4G and Wi-Fi performance

Apple has upgraded the wireless chips in iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus too, which
can download/upload data twice as fast compared to last year's models.

The two iPhones now support up to 23 4G LTE bands.

Price

Apple has priced the 16, 64 and 128GB variants of iPhone 6S at Rs 62,000, Rs
72,000 and Rs 82,000, respectively.

Likewise, the 16, 64 and 128GB versions of iPhone 6S Plus cost Rs 72,000, Rs
82,000 and Rs 92,000, respectively.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus listed on Flipkart

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 195 words


NEW DELHI: While technology giant Apple is still to announce the pricing of its
latest smartphones iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India, the flagship devices
have been listed on the country's top e-commerce website Flipkart.

iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, available in gold, rose gold, and space grey
colours, start at Rs 64,836 and Rs 74,117, respectively. Following are the full
prices of the new iPhones:

Apple iPhone 6S 16GB

Rs 64,836

Apple iPhone 6S 64GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S 128GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 16GB

Rs 74,117

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 64GB

Rs 83,401

Apple iPhone 6S Plus 128GB

Rs 88,478

These are, however, not the official prices of the new iPhones, and have been
set by the sellers themselves.

According to trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices and
given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders.

Pre-bookings have officially started at major retail chains across the country,
as well as on Infibeam. The MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail
chain, said its 800+ outlets will take pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each up to
October 13.

The devices will become available on the night of October 15.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple cuts iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s+ prices by Rs 22,000 in India

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 15 -- In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever
by smartphone giant Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its
smartphones by as much as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an
MRP of Rs 82,000 so far, will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a
price drop of Rs 22,000.

The bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be
available at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of
Rs 22,000.

Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too has got a
price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price tag of Rs
49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.

The price cuts come as the India launch of the company's latest iPhones --
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India
on October 7. Though Apple has not yet officially started the pre-orders for the
two phones, several resellers of the company like IWorld have already started
accepting the pre-bookings for the device.

Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last year.
TheApple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s Plus
(16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.

Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of shooting 4K videos. The front
FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.

Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID
sensor and are made of tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6
and S6 edge. Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70 per cent
faster at carrying out processes than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. Similarly, the graphics processing too is said to have jumped 90 per cent
aided by a new graphics processor versus previous-generation models, according
to a news agency.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

Is Apple charging Indians the most for iPhone 6S?

BYLINE: Neeraj Saxena & Ravi Sharma

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


NEW DELHI: Just how much is too much for an Apple iPhone? Is nearly Rs 1 lakh
too high a tag for a smartphone in a price-sensitive market like India which
laps up affordable Rs 10,000-15,000 Android-powered phones by the tons?

The answer to both the questions is what will define world's top brand's
strategy to carve a bigger pie of the burgeoning Indian smartphone market. Apple
never took India seriously as the revenues were minuscule.

Until a few years ago, it used to launch iPhone in India months after global
launch, thereby giving rise to a flourishing grey market

The situation changed in last two years, and this year, Apple had the quickest
turnaround when it launched iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in India on October 16,
Friday. A lot of Apple fanboys amusingly quipped Apple was finally taking India
seriously after company CEO Tim Cook's recent meeting with Prime Minister
Narendra Modi.

Make no mistake. Apple only takes its business seriously and it is a fact that
despite stupendous demand growth, the price-sensitive Indian market still
doesn't constitute a very big chunk of Apple's global revenues. Yet, there are
signals Apple may have started taking India seriously in the past two-three
years with the appointment of additional distributors and reduction in launch
cycle.

But there are also signs that Apple hasn't got its strategy right in India and
the pricing of the latest iPhones indicates just that. Apple's outrageous Indian
pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus puts the smartphones out of reach of most
middle class buyers.

Even those who can afford to buy an iPhone feel the iterative update may not be
worth the money. And the buzzword is that Apple may have over-priced its coveted
gadget this time, thus making it difficult to delight Tim Cook in terms of
sales.

Though Apple afficinadaos don't like comparisons with iPhone rivals like Samsung
and Sony, it is a fact that none of the flagships from both rivals are priced as
high. And none comes close to the asking price of Rs 92,000 for the top-end
128GB iPhone 6 Plus!

Here is a look at the top-end smartphones available in India today and the MRP
of their base models:

Apple iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 62,000

Apple iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 72,000

Samsung Galaxy Note5 (32GB): Rs 53,900

Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ (32GB): Rs 57,900

Google Nexus 6P (32GB): Rs 39,999

Google Nexus 5X (16GB): Rs 31,999

LG G4 (32GB): Rs 40,000

HTC One M9+ (32GB): Rs 52,500

OnePlus 2 (64GB): Rs 24,999

Motorola Moto X Style (16GB): Rs 29,999

Sony Xperia Z3+ (32GB): Rs 55,990

Sony Xperia Z5 (32GB): (Expected price Rs 60,000)

Though Apple and its premium brand appeal sets it apart, Apple is the only one
to charge over Rs 60,000 for its smartphones. While iPhones have always
commanded a premium in India due to aspirational value and Apple's amazing hype
machinery, charging Rs 72,000 for the 64GB iPhone 6S and Rs 82,000 for 64GB
iPhone 6S Plus seems to indicate Apple may have bitten more than it can chew.

This pricing can fuel the grey market once again as a number of potential buyers
may end up owning the handsets that come in to the country through the smuggling
route, like it was not so long ago.

In fact, iPhone 6S and 6S Plus may be the costliest in India, pricier than
anywhere else in the world. A quick glance at iPhone's pricing across major
markets clearly indicates Indian pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is higher by
at least Rs 15,000.

This also means that the entry-level 16GB iPhone 6S model costs Rs 8,500 more
than the same storage version of last year's iPhone 6. But there has been no
price increment in markets like the US and the UK and even China, despite the
significant devaluation of yuan.

Here are a few countries where you can get iPhone 6S and 6S Plus much cheaper
compared to India:

Even though a simple currency exchange pricing is not the correct comparison
matrix, and minor additional sales tax is levied in some countries, it is
evident that iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have been priced much higher in India than in
other markets by Apple. Even in France, which has among the highest prices for
Apple products, the new iPhone 6S is sold for 749 euros or Rs 55,228 MRP, much
lower than what it costs in India.

Though the prices of iPhones usually do not go down in the first few months of
launch, there are indications Apple may again allow sellers to cut prices in
order to push sales sooner rather than waiting for many months.

Till then, it won't be a surprise if a number of buyers choose to purchase the
new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus from other countries or grey market to save on
the exorbitant Indian prices.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever by smartphone giant
Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its smartphones by as much
as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an MRP of Rs 82,000 so far,
will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.The
bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available
at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of Rs
22,000. Apple 's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too
has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price
tag of Rs 49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.The price cuts come as the
India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus --
nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple has
not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several resellers
of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the pre-bookings for
the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last
year.

The Apple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s
Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB
RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of
shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the
hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes
than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Similarly, the graphics
processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by a new graphics processor
versus previous-generation models.Apple officially launched iPhone SE in India
in April. The smartphone comes in two variants -- 32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE
sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a resolution of 640 x 1136
pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9 motion co-processor. Other
specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and Touch ID. It will be
available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The smartphone will be
available in the country in April. Read this story in Malayalam

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


In what can surely be termed the biggest price cut ever by smartphone giant
Apple in India, the company has slashed the prices of its smartphones by as much
as Rs 22,000. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB), which carries an MRP of Rs 82,000 so far,
will now be available at an MRP of Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.The
bigger-screen variant of iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus (128GB) will now be available
at an MRP of Rs 70,000. The smartphone too has recieved a price cut of Rs
22,000. Apple 's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, launched earlier this year, too
has got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, currently sporting a price
tag of Rs 49,000 will now be available at Rs 44,000.The price cuts come as the
India launch of the company's latest iPhones -- iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus --
nears. Apple will launch the new iPhones in India on October 7. Though Apple has
not yet officially started the pre-orders for the two phones, several resellers
of the company like IWorld have already started accepting the pre-bookings for
the device.Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India in October last
year.

The Apple iPhone 6s (16GB) launched at a price of Rs 62,000, while iPhone 6s
Plus (16GB) had an MRP of Rs 72,000.Both the iPhones come with 3D Touch and 2GB
RAM. Both iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12-megapixel iSight camera, capable of
shooting 4K videos. The front FaceTime camera is 5-megapixels.Both iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge. Under the
hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out processes
than the one seen in iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Similarly, the graphics
processing too is said to have jumped 90% aided by a new graphics processor
versus previous-generation models.Apple officially launched iPhone SE in India
in April. The smartphone comes in two variants -- 32GB and 64GB. iPhone SE
sports a 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD display with a resolution of 640 x 1136
pixels. It is powered by Apple A9 chipset with M9 motion co-processor. Other
specifications of the device are 12MP rear camera and Touch ID. It will be
available in Silver, Gray, Gold, Rose Gold colours. The smartphone will be
available in the country in April. Read this story in Malayalam

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus pre-bookings open now, for India launch on Oct 16;
Pre-books are open now on Snapdeal and Paytm.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 303  words


Pre-books are open now on Snapdeal and Paytm.

There's been some considerable hype for the latest Apple smartphones, the iPhone
6s an iPhone 6s Plus, which were launched in the international market in
September and will be making their way to India on Oct 16. Despite that, the
handsets have been available on the Indian grey market for the past month at
exorbitant prices. Thankfully, if you can wait a week, you won't have to shell
out that extra cash, because pre-bookings today across multiple websites.

Snapdeal, has opened pre-bookings for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, starting
tomorrow. Customers can pre-book for the iPhone6s starting tomorrow, following
which a link to purchase will be sent to their pre-booking ID on October 14.
Snapdeal has assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch on
October 16, to its pre-booked customers who complete payment by October 15, 4:00
pm. The pre-booking option is open to customers in Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi,
Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai. The phones are available at the following prices:

iPhone 6s 16GB - Rs 62,000

iPhone 6s 64GB - Rs 72,000

iPhone 6s 128GB - Rs 82,000

iPhone 6s+ 16GB - Rs 72,000

iPhone 6s+ 64GB - Rs 82,000

iPhone 6s+ 128GB - Rs 92,000

At the same time, Paytm has also launched a special offer, where their app users
can pre-book the iPhone 6s, starting today, and will receive the delivery on Oct
16. Everyday, between 12 pm to 6 pm, limited units are up for pre-booking at Rs
2,000. All customers who have pre-booked the iPhone 6s on Paytm (open till
October 13) will be sent an email or sms, on Oct 14, with a link to make the
remaining payment and complete the booking. Once that's done, they'll receive
the physical store location where they can pick their new iPhone on launch day.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               MediAvataarME.com

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

BYLINE: shnehasish@yahoo.co.in (MediavataarMe News Desk)

LENGTH: 598  words


Looking at the performance numbers for the latest additions to the Apple iPhone
family compared with the 2014 launch would only tell half the story. We are all
very familiar with the Apple's so-called "tick-tock launch cadence" of releasing
significant hardware changes every other year. When the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
launched in September, we shared with you some data highlighting the opportunity
that remained in the market (Apple's replacement opportunity is far from over),
not only for Apple's new models but also for the 2014 models now available at a
lower price point.

Now that we have a full month of sales figures for the newest additions to the
family, the time is right to examine how 2015 performance compared to the
previous two launches. With launch windows that were very similar over the past
three releases, the comparison when we look at the three months ending in
October is a fair one. From a share perspective of 33.3% overall, Apple's
performance is well below its 40.8% share in 2013 and 41.5% share in 2014. Yet
overall volumes are pretty much identical to what was sold in 2013, while down
25% from 2014's sales. To put Apple's performance into perspective, the overall
market is about 6% down over 2014 and 22% up over 2013.

When looking at the specific comparison among the new models, the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus are actually performing reasonably well as a percentage of iOS sales.
Specifically, the iPhone 6s represented 24.4% of iPhone sales in the three
months ending in October 2015 compared to the 33% of the iPhone 6 in 2014 and
22% of the iPhone 5s in 2013. The iPhone 6s Plus represented 10.8% of iPhone
overall sales in the three months ending in October 2015, compared to 10% of the
iPhone 6 Plus in 2014, and 16% of the iPhone 5c in 2013.

Buyers of the new iPhone models certainly feel they know enough about them, as
42% of them did not conduct any research before buying the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus. This compares to 37% who did no research before buying the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus in 2014.

Finally, when we consider key purchase drivers, things have changed a bit over
the years. In 2014, 47% of the Apple's flagships buyers mentioned LTE as a
driver, while that percentage dropped to 31% for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus buyers.
The size of the screen remained at the top of the list in 2015 as it did in
2014, but dropped to 52% from 56%. While Live Photos are not directly mentioned,
they might be driving the high number (42%) of buyers of the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus who mentioned the quality of the camera as a driver. This compares to 36%
for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in 2014.

One last point to consider when evaluating the relative success of the newest
iPhone models is that sales of models that do not have a full hardware redesign
tend to ramp up more gradually. Between September and December 2013, sales of
the iPhone 5s as a percentage of all iPhone sales went from 13% in September to
37% in October, 47% in November, and 45% in December. The iPhone 6 over the same
months in 2014 went from 32% to 48%, to 39%, to 55%. The iPhone 6s represented
25% of iPhone sales in September and 37% in October, pointing to a ramp-up
similar to that of the 5s.

This is a lot of data to digest for a short blog, but the underlying message is
clear: the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have, thus far, delivered solid performances in
the US market and attention needs to be paid to the next few months as the sales
ramp-up continues.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/5/145059272750.jpg

Which is the Fairest iPhone of All?

http://imgs.syndigate.info/434/1381/9/145059272952.png



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1381


                       Copyright 2015 World of Media JLT
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple Inc unveils the much awaited iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 465 words


After months of speculation and rumors, Apple has finally unveiled its next
iPhone models. Called the 6S and 6S Plus, the newer iPhones are a progression to
the iPhone 6 and 6S that Apple announced on the same day last year.

As expected the newer iPhones will look exactly the same as its predecessors but
will come with enhanced hardware, 3D touch and bumped up camera and battery
capabilities. As Apple's event tagline- "Hey Siri, give us a hint" suggested-
the new iPhones come with enhanced capabilities for Apple's voice assistant
Siri. That basically means Siri will be able to give you information from more
data sources and will offer more integration with apps such as photos.

Apple has also played catch up when it comes to hardware.The new iPhones come
with quad core processor and 2GB RAM. The 4.7 inch, LED backlit, HD display, 6s
will come with Apple's A9 tri-core 1.5GHz processor paired with 2GB of RAM.
Apple claims its new chip is 70% faster than its predecessor. Despite the rumors
of Apple reviving the 32GB version, the new iPhones will retain the 16BG, 64GB
and 128Gb versions.

The 6s Plus which flaunts a 5.5-inch LED-backlit full HD display running at a
resolution of 1080x1920 pixels will run the same processor and come in same
memory variants.

Apple has also given the cameras on its iPhones a facelift. Both the 6s and 6s
Plus will sport a 12MP rear camera with 4k video capabilities and a 5MP front
camera which will support 1080p video recording.

There is no word about Indian pricing yet, though the iPhone 6s US pricing
starts at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB and $399 for the 128GB variant on a two
year contract. The price for unlocked iPhone 6s is the same as the previous
version and starts from $650 for the 16GB version.

The iPhone 6s Plus US pricing starts at $299 for 16GB variant and goes all the
way up to $499 for the 128GB variant on a two year contract. The price for
unlocked iPhone 6s Plus starts from $749 for 16GB.

Apple has however made little progress on the battery front. The 6s features an
1810mAh non-removable Li-Po battery while the 6s Plus comes with 2915mAh
battery. On the software front it comes shipped with Apple's iOS 9 out-of-the
box.

Apple has also included 3D Touch feature in both its new iPhones. The feature
that recognizeds three types of touch was first introduced with the new MacBook
and MacBook Pro. It is being touted as the most innovative feature of the iPhone
.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will be available in four color options - Space Grey,
Silver, Gold and Rose Gold. Rose gold is the latest addition to Apple's color
scheme this year. New iPhones will be available from September 25 in select
geographies. However, they are expected to be available in India by the end of
this year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple Inc unveils the much awaited iPhone 6S and 6S Plus

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 465 words


After months of speculation and rumors, Apple has finally unveiled its next
iPhone models. Called the 6S and 6S Plus, the newer iPhones are a progression to
the iPhone 6 and 6S that Apple announced on the same day last year.

As expected the newer iPhones will look exactly the same as its predecessors but
will come with enhanced hardware, 3D touch and bumped up camera and battery
capabilities. As Apple's event tagline- "Hey Siri, give us a hint" suggested-
the new iPhones come with enhanced capabilities for Apple's voice assistant
Siri. That basically means Siri will be able to give you information from more
data sources and will offer more integration with apps such as photos.

Apple has also played catch up when it comes to hardware.The new iPhones come
with quad core processor and 2GB RAM. The 4.7 inch, LED backlit, HD display, 6s
will come with Apple's A9 tri-core 1.5GHz processor paired with 2GB of RAM.
Apple claims its new chip is 70% faster than its predecessor. Despite the rumors
of Apple reviving the 32GB version, the new iPhones will retain the 16BG, 64GB
and 128Gb versions.

The 6s Plus which flaunts a 5.5-inch LED-backlit full HD display running at a
resolution of 1080x1920 pixels will run the same processor and come in same
memory variants.

Apple has also given the cameras on its iPhones a facelift. Both the 6s and 6s
Plus will sport a 12MP rear camera with 4k video capabilities and a 5MP front
camera which will support 1080p video recording.

There is no word about Indian pricing yet, though the iPhone 6s US pricing
starts at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB and $399 for the 128GB variant on a two
year contract. The price for unlocked iPhone 6s is the same as the previous
version and starts from $650 for the 16GB version.

The iPhone 6s Plus US pricing starts at $299 for 16GB variant and goes all the
way up to $499 for the 128GB variant on a two year contract. The price for
unlocked iPhone 6s Plus starts from $749 for 16GB.

Apple has however made little progress on the battery front. The 6s features an
1810mAh non-removable Li-Po battery while the 6s Plus comes with 2915mAh
battery. On the software front it comes shipped with Apple's iOS 9 out-of-the
box.

Apple has also included 3D Touch feature in both its new iPhones. The feature
that recognizeds three types of touch was first introduced with the new MacBook
and MacBook Pro. It is being touted as the most innovative feature of the iPhone
.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will be available in four color options - Space Grey,
Silver, Gold and Rose Gold. Rose gold is the latest addition to Apple's color
scheme this year. New iPhones will be available from September 25 in select
geographies. However, they are expected to be available in India by the end of
this year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 16, 2016 Friday

Apple iPhone 6s versus iPhone 7: Which smartphone should you spend your Rs
60,000 on?;
Does it make sense to buy the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount
on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)? We try to make the decision easier for you.-- Delivered
by Feed43 service

BYLINE: Smriti Jain

LENGTH: 665  words


Does it make sense to buy the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount
on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)? We try to make the decision easier for you.

Apple has predictably slashed the prices of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus,
just ahead of the launch of its latest smartphones iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus. The
Cupertino-based technology giant has cut prices of the highest storage variant
by Rs 22,000! Now, the iPhone 6s (128 GB) costs Rs 60,000 and the iPhone 6s (32
GB) has priced at Rs 50,000. The prices of iPhone 6s Plus have been cut too,
with the 128 GB variant costing Rs 70,000 and the 32 GB model priced at Rs
60,000.

Apple has also declared the prices of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. While
iPhone 7 starts from Rs 60,000 and goes up to Rs 80,000, the iPhone 7 Plus base
variant costs Rs 72,000 and the prices go up to Rs 92,000. The new phones will
start retailing in India from October 7 onwards. One of the first things that
stand out in the whole price cut move is that now, iPhone 7 base variant and the
iPhone 6s highest storage model cost the same - that is Rs 60,000. So as a
prospective buyer of the iPhone, what should you do? Does it make sense to buy
the iPhone 6s (128 GB), or spend an equivalent amount on the iPhone 7 (32 GB)?
We try to make the decision easier for you by asking a few experts and also
comparing the important specifications of these two models.

Peter Richardson, Research Director, Tech Strategies at Counterpoint Research is
of the view that the iPhone 7 is a better choice. "The reasons are the much more
powerful and energy efficient processor, slightly improved battery performance
and better camera. These are things the consumer will benefit from in daily
use," Richardson told FE Online. "Furthermore the new iPhone 7 is water and dust
resistant, so it will be more resilient in the face of the trials and
tribulations of everyday life. What this means in the longer term is a better
resale value when the consumer comes to sell the device at some point in the
future," he explains. "So, although the starting price is approximately the
same, looking at the lifetime cost of ownership, the iPhone 7 will likely be the
better choice," he adds.

However, Richardson maintains that the iPhone 6s is a "very good product" to
buy. "128GB is a huge amount of storage - more than enough for storing vast
numbers of photos, music files, and even quite a few movies. Until the launch of
iPhone 7, iPhone 6s is the best iPhone available and among the best smartphones
of any type. So even after the launch of iPhone 7, it will remain a very good
product," he says. "However, if the consumer can live with 'only' 32GB storage,
it will likely make more sense to wait a few weeks for the new model," he
concludes.

Jaipal Singh, Market Analyst, Client Devices, IDC India feels that people who
prefer better storage would likely go for the iPhone 6s. "Users who prefer
higher storage in their devices would like to buy the iPhone 6s 128 GB variant
as it has become more affordable. The current price cuts can be seen as an
inventory cleaning exercise from Apple. Price cuts will also create space for
the new versions of iPhones which are going to hit the market in October in the
similar price range," Singh told FE Online. "In India, older versions of iPhones
get higher traction as compared to the latest versions. After a few price cuts
these older versions fall in the budget of many consumers and provide an
opportunity for aspirants to enter into the Apple ecosystem," Singh adds.

While the price cuts normally make the iPhones more 'affordable', this time
round the slightly lower launch prices of the new smartphones have to an extent
reduced that difference. The iPhone 7 is actually launching at a price which is
Rs 2,000 less than the launch price of iPhone 6s! So, in that sense, we would
say that unless your smartphone's storage is a very crucial factor that drives
your purchase decision, it may very well make sense to wait for the new iPhone
7!

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's new leasing program for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 268  words


Along with the unveiling of its next-generation iPhones - iphone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus - at a September 9 event, tech giant Apple also announced its new lease
program for the two handsets.

The shipping of the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets is set to commence
on Friday, September 25. The cost of the iPhone 6S will begin at $199
contract-free for the 16GB model; while the cost of the 16GB model of the iPhone
6S Plus handset will be $299.

The leasing program - the new 'Iphone Upgrade Program' - has been introduced by
Apple for the first time, to enable customers to switch their smartphones even
if they do not have the required cash upfront.

Under the new iPhone leasing option, Apple allows customers to exchange their
old handsets with a new iPhone when it is launched. Customers can upgrade to the
new iPhone by paying an amount of between $32.41 and $44.91 per month, depending
on the model they want to purchase. The monthly payment for the iPhone 6S Plus
under the lease program begins at $36.58.

The leasing option for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets is available only
at Apple's retail stores in the US. Customers leasing their preferred handset
model can select a phone carrier and get an unlocked device, with the
"opportunity" to upgrade to a new iPhone on a yearly basis as well as benefit
from the AppleCare+ protection program.

Technology (http://uncovermichigan.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovermichigan.com/company/apple)United States
(http://uncovermichigan.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                           September 20, 2015 Sunday

New iPhone 6S to be launched in Israel in October;
The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus iPhones will be sold officially in Israel
through several importers, including the major cellular operators.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 359 words


Apple will launch the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in selected countries on
Friday, including the US, the UK, France, and Germany. Israel is not included in
the first launch wave, but it has been learned that the device will reach Israel
very soon - in late October-early November, according to reports.

iPhones are sold officially in Israel through a number of importers, including
the major cellular operators (Partner Communications Ltd. (Nasdaq: PTNR; TASE:
PTNR), Cellcom Israel Ltd. (NYSE:CEL; TASE:CEL), and Pelephone Communications
Ltd.), and also through importer C-Data.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US will be NIS 2,700 (including local taxes),
while the price of an iPhone 6S Plus will be NIS 3,130.

A year ago, the price of an iPhone 6 at its launch in Israel was NIS 3,700,
while the iPhone 6 Plus was sold for NIS 4,200. The current price of an iPhone 6
is NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus is going for NIS 3,900.

What is new about the new iPhones

The new iPhones appear exactly the same as their predecessors, but they are made
out of a newer and tougher aluminum, with the same size screen and new protected
glass. The significant innovation in the iPHone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is a
touch screen technology called 3D Touch.

3D Touch technology identifies the force of the finger touching the screen and
provides new gestures. For example, when you touch the headline of an e-mail
message, you get a quick glimpse of the body of the message. Apps like Instagram
and Facebook will support the technology, and in the case of Facebook, status
can be raised directly from the home page on the iPhone by touching the icon and
opening an additional menu.

The new iPhones include the same screens: 4.7-inch with 750 x 1334 pixels
resolution for the iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch with 1080 x 1920 pixels resolution for
the iPhone 6S Plus. The iPhones come with an A9 processor on a 64-bit platform.
The A9 includes the movement processor that was formerly a separate processor
inside the smartphone.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
September 20, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 6s Sets New Sales Record in First Weekend

BYLINE: Hilary Lewis

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 359  words


Apple revealed Monday that its new iPhone 6s model set a new sales record,
moving more than 13 million units just three days after it was launched.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statement. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D
Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
to customers in even more countries on October 9."

Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus went on sale on Friday in the U.S., Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore and the UK. The latest iPhone models will be available in 40 more
countries starting Oct. 9, including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

Read MoreApple&#039;s New iPhone 6s Features 3D Touch

Last year's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models sold more than 10 million units in
their first weekend on sale, which was then an Apple record.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at a Sept. 9 eventwith Cook telling the
audience, "We have changed everything about these new iPhones."

The iPhone 6s comes with a new 3D touch feature that senses how deeply you press
the display, letting you "peek" into information on various apps without having
to open the apps themselves. The new iPhone also has an upgraded camera and the
ability to shoot in 4K video. The new iPhone also includes a "Live Photos"
feature that animates still photos by capturing the second-and-a-half before and
after the photo is taken.

The iPhone 6s, which was available for pre-order starting Sept. 12 before
shipping on Friday, also comes with Apple's iOS 9 operating system, which was
launched on Sept. 16.

Read MoreApple Sets Record With First-Weekend iPhone 6 Sales

The new iPhones come in silver, gold, space gray and rose gold. The 6s model
starts at $199 with a two-year contract and the 6s Plus starts at $299 with a
two-year contract.

Sales completed by Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth fiscal
quarter results and sales completed on Sunday will be included in Apple's 2016
first fiscal quarter results.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Celcom to offer iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus from midnight tomorrow

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 307 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Celcom Axiata Bhd will start offering Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s plus beginning midnight tomorrow.

The iPhone 6s 16GB will be available starting at RM1,058 with the FIRST plan and
iPhone 6s plus 16GB from RM1,478 with the FIRST plan.

Customers who sign up now will receive a limited time offer of 12GB
complimentary data (1GB per month for 12 months) as an additional quota on top
of the new plan.

In addition, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus and iPhone 5s are also available.

Celcom said iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus brought a powerful new dimension to
iPhone's revolutionary multi-touch interface with 3D touch, which senses how
deeply the users press the display, letting them do all kinds of essential
things more quickly and simply.

The new iPhones introduce live photos, which bring still images to life.

Live photos, 3D touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel facetime HD
camera with retina flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip,
delivering faster performance and great battery life.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed from the strongest glass on any
smartphone and 7,000 series aluminium the same alloy used in the aerospace
industry, in metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

"Celcom offers the fastest and widest-reaching 4G LTE network in Malaysia.
Customers will love using their new iPhones on our network, enabling a great
experience that will enhance their mobile needs," said Celcom Axiata chief
marketing and sales officer Zalman Aefendy Zainal Abidin.

Customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus starting midnight tomorrow
at four different outlets - Blue Cube@Sunway Pyramid, Blue Cube Publika, Celcom
Centre Taman Molek, Johor Bahru and Blue Cube Elit Avenue Bayan Baru, Penang.

Celcom is also offering customers trade-in values of up to RM1, 900 for current
iPhones.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6S, 6S Plus with 3D Touch

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 866 words


NEW DELHI: Eight years after changing the way we use mobile phones with the
first iPhone, Apple has once again heralded a big change in world's best-selling
gadget iPhone.

The new iPhones, named iPhone 6S and 6S, are not lighter, thinner or bigger
anymore. They instead feature a new display technology called 3D Touch, a
derivative of the Force Touch technology used in Apple Watch.

According to Apple, 3D Touch will be able to differentiate between types of
touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the homescreen. This new
technology adds new functionalities to iPhones; for example, applying a little
extra pressure on the screen may preview a photo in one app and open a file in
another.

3D Touch will deliver information like time taken in the journey in the Maps app
with a force-touch, while a light tap would only bring up the directions. This
display technology would also make it easier to navigate through apps; for
example, you will be able to see all active apps with a long-press at the edge
of the screen.

The screen size and resolution of the two models will, however, remain the same
as that of their predecessors: 4.7-inch HD screen for iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch
Full HD screen for iPhone 6S Plus.

Another addition that will distinguish iPhone 6S and 6S Plus from other models
is rose gold colour option; the two iPhones, however, will also be available in
space gray, silver and gold hues. The new iPhones are made of tough aircraft
grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

Under the hood is the new 64-bit A9 chipset that is 70% faster at carrying out
processes than the one seen in last year's iPhones. Similarly, the graphics
processing will be 90% aided by a new graphics processor.

One of the biggest upgrades to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is in the cameras.
After being stuck with an 8MP sensor since iPhone 4S, the new iPhones get 12MP
cameras which can take panorama pictures going up to 63MP. The rear camera has
also got 4K recording to capture high-resolution videos, a feature that has been
available on iPhones since last year.

However, other than the 3D Touch and perked up camera features, the new iPhones
may disappoint many users who have come to expect a major makeover from the
company each year. In that sense, the likely contender would always be the
iPhone launched every alternate years: so a completely new iPhone 7 next year
could be that phone.

Apple did disappoint fans by not announcing any major boosts to the battery life
of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Considering that iPhone's battery life in general is
not anything to write home about, the buyers may have concerns due to new
powerful cameras and display.

The company's website does mention though that the two smartphones will deliver
the same battery life as their respective predecessors. Besides, iOS 9 includes
major battery tweaks that may help the users.

Apple said the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as their predecessors;
iPhone 6S' 16, 64 and 128GB variants will cost $199, $299 and $399 on contract,
while the iPhone 6S Plus' three variants have been priced at $299, $399 and $499
respectively.

iPhone 5S has become the new entry-level model and will be available free on
contract in the US, whereas iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (16GB variants only) will cost
$99 and $199, respectively.

The unlocked iPhone 6S Plus will cost $649, $749 and $849 for the 16, 32, and
64GB variants. Similarly, iPhone 6S Plus unlocked will cost $749, $849 and $949
for the three storage options.

The new iPhones will be up for pre-orders starting September 12 in the US, the
UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. The two
smartphones will go on sale on September 25. Both are expected to make to Indian
shores in time for Diwali festive season.

Apple also announced a new purchase programme named iPhone Upgrade. Subscribers
of this programme will be entitled to the new, unlocked iPhone every year with
Apple Care at $32 per month. It will be rolled out in the US first.

iOS 9, the latest version of the software that powers iPhones and iPads, will be
available for download for older Apple smartphones and tablets from September
16. The company also announced an app to make it easier for Android users to
switch to iPhones, similar to apps offered by Android smartphone makers on
Apple's App Store.

Apple has also announced that iCloud will now be cheaper, priced at 99 cents per
month for for 50GB of cloud storage. For 200GB and 1TB of cloud storage, users
will have to shell out $2.99 and $9.99, respectively.

Apple also launched its new, fully-loaded, besides the iPad mini 4; awith its
own tvOS and integrated with Siri for search and command; and a.

Apple admirers will be happy that Apple has finally unveiled what should be its
most serious shot at the enterprise mobility segment.

iPad Pro, which was in the rumour mills for over 18 months, will be available in
November. The new iPad Pro has a 12.9 inch screen with whopping 5.6 million
pixels and is powered by the new A9X chip from Apple which promises 1.8 times
performance that of the existing second-generation 64-bit A8X chip that runs
iPad Air 2, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 232  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre-ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre-order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store after picking up his new
iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red-eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 300  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store medias after picking up
his new iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/144315493830.jpg

b083fe9cec49176ef3a21b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/77/144315493878.jpg

b083fe955b6c176efb374c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/2/144315493936.jpg

b083fe955b6c176efb3f50.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/144315493991.jpg

b083fe9cec49176ef3f91f.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/144315494039.jpg

b083fe955b6c176ef8f13b.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s now in Chinese stores for Apple fans

LENGTH: 233  words


Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

Apple fans line up in front of the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple enthusiasts in China can now pick up their pre ordered iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus at Apple stores. The pre order channel on Apple's official website is
accessible for a limited time every day.

According to reports, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to break sales
records currently held by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of last year.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

At 9 am Apple store opened to customers. The first customer received a round of
applauds in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

The first customer is excited outside the Apple store medias after picking up
his new iPhone in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Zhang Yubo, an Apple aficionado took the red eye train from Inner Mongolia and
arrived in Beijing at 3 am to pick up his iPhone 6s in person, on Sept 25, 2015.
[Photo by Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Zain KSA among the list of Top 100 Saudi brands

LENGTH: 554  words


ZAIN KSA brand was chosen for the second time in the list of top 100 brands in
the Kingdom, based on a recent survey by a press institution.

During an event held for this occasion in Riyadh, Saud AlBawardi, Deputy CEO,
chief operations officer, received an award of recognition on behalf of the
company from Prince Faisal Bin Bander, governor of Riyadh, and Prince Bandar Bin
Khaled Alfaisal, chairman of Asir Press and Publications Association.

The company revealed that the awards reaped by its brand is a positive indicator
of its success in raising brand awareness and strengthening its presence as a
leading mobile communication provider in the region, through meeting the needs
and aspirations of its subscribers and users of telecommunications services in
general.

The selection of the Top 100 Saudi Brands in the Kingdom was made after
extensive research studies by Ipsos., the global market research company. The
research, which included 17 sectors, focused on the most prominent brands in the
country in order to highlight them as one of the main pillars supporting the
Saudi economy.

Zain KSA to Offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday

Zain KSA today announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most
advanced iPhones ever, beginning on Saturday, October 10. iPhone 6s 16GB will be
available starting at SR 0 upfront on the Zain Xtra 12 months plan. iPhone 6s
Plus 16GB will be available starting at SR 0 upfront on the Zain Xtra 12 months
plan. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will also be available. For additional pricing
details, please visit www.sa.zain.com . iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a
powerful new dimension to iPhone's revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D
Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new ways to access features and
interact with content. The new iPhones introduce a transformative new approach
to photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion.

Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel Face Time HD
camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the
most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with Retina HD displays
made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the
same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that
now include rose gold.

With Zain's "advanced LTE" network in the Kingdom, you can experience the best
of what iPhone 6s has to offer,  for browsing the web, streaming content and
downloading movies at blazing fast speed. Zain boasts a large LTE footprint
across the Kingdom with the "Reload Project" and its covering now 90 cities with
the LTE technology.

"It gives us immense pleasure to launch the next generation of Apple iPhone.
iPhone 6s with its power-packed features coupled with Zain's LTE Advanced
Network, presents a unique opportunity to iPhone 6s aspirants to maximize their
device experience. There is much more excitement to share in the future and we
look forward to our continuing partnership with Apple," said Sherif Khairy
Tahoun, Chief Sales Officer at Zain KSA. - SG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/45/144440494416.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/45/144440494416.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2015 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Launches New iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

LENGTH: 278  words


The new iPhones will go on sale from September 25.

Thursday, September 10, 2015: Apple made major announcements of the year at
Apple media event in San Francisco yesterday. The company launches new
generation of iPhones in September every year. This year too, Apple has
announced the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The new generation of iPhones is
equipped with 3D Force Touch technology.

Apple has packed iPhone 6s and 6s Plus with third generation A9 processor baad
on 64-bit architecture. The new processor is supposedly 70 per cent faster than
the earlier A8 processor. It is coupled with M9 co-processor to ensure optimum
performance and graphics experience on iPhone.

Company has worked really hard on the camera technology in new iPhone. The
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12 MP iSight camera and 5 MP FaceTime HD camera for
video calls. The new camera software offers Retina Flash for selfies. iSight
camera on new iPhone is equipped with advance camera lens that captures 50 per
cent more pixels than earlier version.

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will come with iOS 9 pre-installed. The new iPhone can be
waked up by saying 'Hey Siri'. 3D force touch technology is one of the major
upgrades that iPhone has got. iOS 9 has assign different actions on a tap, press
and deep press. The integration of 3D force touch with iOS 9 ensures user
friendly experience.

The new iPhones will be come in 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variant. The contract
free iPhone 6s 16 GB will be available for $649, 64 GB for $749 and 128 GB for
$849. While, the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB is priced at $749, 64 GB at $849 and 128
GB at $949. Apple is yet to announce date for new iPhone's availability in
India.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and bigger iPad

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 10 -- Smartphone maker Apple on Wednesday launched iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension
to iPhone's revolutionary Multi-Touch interface.

The gadget maker has also introduced an all-new iPad Pro, featuring a stunning
12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels, the most ever in an iOS
device, and groundbreaking performance with the new 64-bit A9X chip, rivaling
most portable PCs. The new larger iPad Pro is thin and light and provides
all-day battery life.

The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and
7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous
metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new
iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever
in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

Commenting on new launch, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing,
Philip Schiller said, "The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus is everything - 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new
and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life."

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are
going to love them," Schiller added.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and
the new rose gold metallic finishes for USD 0 down with 24 monthly payments
starting at USD 27 and USD 31, respectively, from Apple's retail stores in the
US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2015 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

Good news for iPhone buyers! iPhone 6s, 6s Plus to hit stores on Friday

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 22 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Cupertino, California: Apple lovers will surely lap this news up with a lot of
excitement, for, the company's much awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be
available in the market on September 25.


 The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in several countries
-Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand,
Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US.
 Also read: Apple iOS 9: Interesting new features
 Meanwhile Apple has also announced the fastest iOS adoption ever, with more
than 50 percent of devices already using iOS 9.
 Also read: Apple iOS 9 comes with selfie folder
 "Customer response to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly
positive, we can't wait to get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers'
hands starting this Friday," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president
of Worldwide Marketing. "iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be
downloaded by more users than any other software release in Apple's history."
 Also read: Apple unveils iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus with 3D Touch: As it
happened...
 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space grey and
the new rose gold metallic finishes. Apple-designed accessories including
leather and silicone cases in a range of colours and Lightning Docks in
colour-matched metallic finishes will also be available.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

Price details: Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus launched in India

LENGTH: 189 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 18 -- After three weeks of its official launch in the United
States, the new Apple iPhones -iPhone 6S, 6S Plus have hit Indian stores.

The phones started selling at the intervening night of October 15-16 with series
of telecom service providers lining up to woo the Apple gadget lovers.

Apart from offline retailers, the latest iPhone is available on major e-commerce
sites like Flipkart, Amazon, Snapdeal and infibeam.

The availability of the new devices, that compete with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 Edge+, will enable the US-based firm to cash in on
the upcoming festive season.

Here are the details of price list of both the phones.

Details of iPhone 6S price list

iPhone 6S 16GB price: Rs 62,000

iPhone 6S 64GB price: Rs 72,000

iPhone 6S 128GB price: Rs 82,000

Details of iPhone 6S Plus price list

iPhone 6S Plus 16GB price: Rs 72,000

iPhone 6S Plus 64GB price: Rs 82,000

iPhone 6S Plus 128GB price: 92,000

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 1:27 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus: faster processors, better cameras, 3D Touch;
Next generation smartphone launched in San Francisco features a
pressure-sensitive screen, 12-megapixel camera and stronger screen and body

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 981 words


Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the next generation of its
smartphones, with faster processors, longer battery life, improved cameras and
new "3D Touch" gestures.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook took to the stage in San Francisco's Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium to announce the new iPhones, along with a series of updates to
the company's other products including the iPad Pro and Apple TV.

As with all previous iPhone updates, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have faster, more
powerful processors - the Apple A9 replacing the A8 from last year's iPhone 6.

The new A9 processor will have 70% faster performance and 90% faster graphics,
but will also boost battery life in conjunction with Apple's new version of the
iPhone's operating system, iOS 9.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also support LTE Advanced, a faster version of 4G
currently supported by EE and Vodafone in the UK and rival manufacturers Samsung
and LG. The new iPhones will also Wi-Fi calling that can be used when no mobile
phone signal is available, which currently supported by EE in the UK.

Pressure sensitivity

The standout feature of the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is the new touchscreen
technology called 3D Touch. First introduced with the Apple Watch as Force Touch
and then the Apple MacBook trackpad, the pressure-sensitive touchscreen can
detect various types of tap. From a single traditional tap to heavier presses,
each gesture can produce a different interaction with the smartphone.

"We've fitted brand new glass, the strongest in the industry X-ion. And we've
improved on multitouch with 3D touch, a tremendous breakthrough in interacting
with the smartphone," said Phil Schiller on stage. "It took our unique
combination between our hardware and software developer teams to make it work."

New gestures, peek and pop, allow users to lightly touch to get a preview of
media or other item such as an email - a peek - and press longer and harder to
pop out the content for a full view.

The gestures can also activate an activity menu to jump to particular places
within an app. The pressure-sensitive touches are accompanied by Apple's Taptic
engine, first introduced with the Apple Watch, vibrating with short, tap-like
feedback.

Apple has also improved the Touch ID fingerprint sensor to make it twice as fast
for unlocking the device and authenticating purchases with Apple Pay.

Better camera

Apple has also improved the 8-megapixel camera of the iPhone 6, fitting a new,
more powerful 12-megapixel sensor on the back. The new addition is capable of
shooting 4K video and takes on Samsung and other rivals with their 16-megapixel,
feature-rich cameras. Apple's iMovie app on the iPhone 6S can also edit video in
4K.

The front-facing selfie camera has also been improved with a new 5-megapixel
sensor, Apple's first upgrade to the front camera since the 1.2-megapixel sensor
of 2012's iPhone 5. The phone will use the screen to mimic a camera flash for
front-facing photos.

The new iPhone can also shoot so-called Live Photos, which capture video and
sound along with a photo for 1.5 seconds each side of the capture event, very
similar to HTC's Zoe feature introduced with its One M7 smartphone in 2013.

Following the apparent bending of the iPhone 6 Plus within user pockets, Apple
has used a new stronger aluminium for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus frames. The
"7,000 series aluminium" was first introduced with the Apple Watch Sport and is
60% stronger than standard aluminium alloys, according to Apple.

The stronger aluminium should help prevent the iPhone from bending, but could
also increase the smartphone's scratch resistance.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will also be available in a new rose-gold colour, the
pink gold will be sold in addition to the gold variant, which was first
introduced with the iPhone 5S in 2013, primarily to appeal to the Chinese
market. Apple claimed 9% of the smartphones shipped in China in the second
quarter of 2015 ranking it third in the country, according to data from Strategy
Analytics.

Tick, tock

Apple's traditional release schedule for smartphones has seen a bigger redesign
every two years - the "tick" in the cycle - with improved processors and a few
new features every other year making up the "tock" in the cycle. Intel and
others also use the tick, tock product cycle, traditionally displaying improved
battery life on the tick.

Related: Why is Apple customers' appetite for its products insatiable?

The iPhone 6 was the tick, which means the iPhone 6S is the tock. Whether a few
improved specifications and a few new features, some of which will come to
2014's iPhone 6 through software updates, will be enough to continue to woo
customers remains to be seen.

Apple is locked in battle with its chief rival Samsung, where only around 20% of
users ever switch between the two manufacturers in the UK. Apple's iPhone 6 and
6 Plus, the company's largest smartphones helped to attract more to switch. They
will hope it has done enough with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus to continue that
trend.

Apple secured 18.2% of the global smartphone market with 61.2m sales in the
first quarter of 2015, putting it second behind Samsung with 82.4m smartphones
and 24.5% according to data from IDC. Both companies lead Lenovo by some margin,
which sold 18.8m smartphones securing 5.6% of the market and in third place.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will cost the same as last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus,
£539 and up and £619 and up, respectively. Apple is also rolling out a monthly
instalment plan costing $32 a month in the US.

Both will be available to pre-order from 12 September and will start to be
released in the US, UK and Europe on 25 September, with other markets following
later.

· Apple supersizes its tablet with new 12.9in iPad Pro

· Apple TV upgrade brings App Store into living room

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 13, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Intros Latest iphone 6s & 6s Plus

LENGTH: 269  words


Sunday, September 13, 2015: Apple made major announcements of the year at Apple
media event in San Francisco yesterday. The company launches new generation of
iPhones in September every year. This year too, Apple has announced the iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The new generation of iPhones is equipped with 3D Force
Touch technology.

Apple has packed iPhone 6s and 6s Plus with third generation A9 processor baad
on 64-bit architecture. The new processor is supposedly 70 per cent faster than
the earlier A8 processor. It is coupled with M9 co-processor to ensure optimum
performance and graphics experience on iPhone.

Company has worked really hard on the camera technology in new iPhone. The
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sport 12 MP iSight camera and 5 MP FaceTime HD camera for
video calls. The new camera software offers Retina Flash for selfies. iSight
camera on new iPhone is equipped with advance camera lens that captures 50 per
cent more pixels than earlier version.

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will come with iOS 9 pre-installed. The new iPhone can be
waked up by saying 'Hey Siri'. 3D force touch technology is one of the major
upgrades that iPhone has got. iOS 9 has assign different actions on a tap, press
and deep press. The integration of 3D force touch with iOS 9 ensures user
friendly experience.

The new iPhones will be come in 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB variant. The contract
free iPhone 6s 16 GB will be available for $649, 64 GB for $749 and 128 GB for
$849. While, the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB is priced at $749, 64 GB at $849 and 128
GB at $949. Apple is yet to announce date for new iPhone's availability in
India.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6s battery is 1715 mAh, smaller than the iPhone 6: report

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 211  words


iPhone 6s comes with a smaller battery than the iPhone 6, says a report on
MacRumors (http://www.macrumors.com/2015/09/09/iphone-6s-1715mah-battery/) The
report is based on Apple (http://indianexpress.com/tag/apple/)'s introducing
iPhone 6s video, where the camera briefly lingers on the battery and users can
see the number 1715 etched on the battery.

This would mean that the iPhone 6s' battery is less than the iPhone 6 which had
a battery capacity of 1810 mAh.

The report adds that Apple has also cut down the iPhone 6s Plus' battery to 2750
mAh from the 2910 mAh in the previous version, although this is yet to be
confirmed.

Apple had said at the launch event that the iPhone 6s battery life would be the
same as the iPhone 6, but the smaller battery size has raised concerned. Apple's
iPhone 6s comes with 3D Touch Display, 12 mp camera, 5 mp front camera, a faster
A9 chip and support for 4K recording.

Battery life has always been the weak point for the Apple's iPhones although the
iPhone 6 saw a marked improvement with up to 14 hours talktime and 10 hours of
Internet use being promised on 3G networks. More details about the Apple iPhone
6s and iPhone 6s Plus battery should emerge once the tear-downs begin post
September 25, when the smartphones go on sale.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and bigger iPad

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Mumbai: Kotak Mahindra Group Limited has issued following news release:



  Smartphone maker Apple on Wednesday launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the
most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhone&rsquo;s
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface.



 The gadget maker has also introduced an all-new iPad Pro, featuring a stunning
12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels, the most ever in an iOS
device, and groundbreaking performance with the new 64-bit A9X chip, rivaling
most portable PCs. The new larger iPad Pro is thin and light and provides
all-day battery life.

 The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and
7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous
metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new
iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever
in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

 Commenting on new launch, Apple&rsquo;s senior vice president of Worldwide
Marketing, Philip Schiller said, &ldquo;The only thing that has changed with
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything &mdash; 3D Touch lets users interact
with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings
your pictures to life.&rdquo;

 &ldquo;These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are
going to love them,&rdquo; Schiller added.

 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and
the new rose gold metallic finishes for USD 0 down with 24 monthly payments
starting at USD 27 and USD 31, respectively, from Apple&rsquo;s retail stores in
the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.

 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany,
Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US
beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September
12.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple launches iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and bigger iPad

LENGTH: 434 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Mumbai: Kotak Mahindra Group Limited has issued following news release:



  Smartphone maker Apple on Wednesday launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the
most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhone&rsquo;s
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface.



 The gadget maker has also introduced an all-new iPad Pro, featuring a stunning
12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels, the most ever in an iOS
device, and groundbreaking performance with the new 64-bit A9X chip, rivaling
most portable PCs. The new larger iPad Pro is thin and light and provides
all-day battery life.

 The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and
7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous
metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new
iPhones are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever
in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.

 Commenting on new launch, Apple&rsquo;s senior vice president of Worldwide
Marketing, Philip Schiller said, &ldquo;The only thing that has changed with
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything &mdash; 3D Touch lets users interact
with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings
your pictures to life.&rdquo;

 &ldquo;These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are
going to love them,&rdquo; Schiller added.

 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space gray and
the new rose gold metallic finishes for USD 0 down with 24 monthly payments
starting at USD 27 and USD 31, respectively, from Apple&rsquo;s retail stores in
the US, Apple.com, select carriers and Apple Authorized Resellers.

 Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany,
Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US
beginning Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September
12.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

No shortage of iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Dennis Seid, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


Sept. 26--TUPELO -- Unlike the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, retail stores
started the day with a sizable inventory of the iPhone 6s on Friday.

And that was fine with Bobby Steele of Calhoun City, who was the first customer
in line at Verizon in Tupelo. He was buying two of the new iPhone 6s models.

"I'm trading in the 6 I got last year for a 6s, and I'm getting another 6s for
my grandson," Steele said.

Steele has had an iPhone since the first was launched by Apple in 2007.

"I've been a user from the very beginning and I've upgraded every time a new one
came out," he said with a laugh.

The key feature of the new 6s and 6s Plus models, which share the same size and
shape as last year's versions, is called 3D Touch. The feature can recognize how
hard users are pressing on the devices' screens and display different kinds of
information for different presses.

The new phones also feature more powerful cameras and a faster processor than
last year's models. The rear camera in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has a
12-megapixel resolution, up from 8 megapixels previously.

The iPhone 6s starts at $650 without a contract. The iPhone 6s Plus starts at
$750 without a contract.

Last year's models were the first-ever large screen iPhones and sold in record
numbers.

Lori Anne Singleton, a district manager for Verizon, said every iPhone launch
creates interest, and Friday's 6s launch was no different.

"We had several people waiting and we opened early," she said, as a half dozen
other shoppers besides Steele entered the store a few minutes before 8 a.m. "A
lot of customers want to be the first to see and touch the new phone."

Molly Lovorn, the store manager at C Spire on North Gloster Street, had several
customers come in early to check out the new phones, and expected to see a rush
of customers throughout the day.

"It's not quite as hectic as last time, but people are always excited about a
new iPhone," she said. "We had a lot of pre-orders that will be picked up at
this location."

The iPhone 6s is more evolutionary than revolutionary -- it's not a major
change, say from a 4 to a 5 or even a 5 to 6, for example. An iPhone 7 -- likely
to be launched about this time next year, if Apple follows its usual plan --
will likely drum up more excitement.

Still, consumers like Rachel Cortez are ready to try out anything new from
Apple.

"I've had my 5 for way too long, and I knew the 6s would be even better than the
6, so I've waited forever to get a new phone," she said.

dennis.seid@journalinc.com

___ (c)2015 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150926-TP-No-shortage-of-iPhone-6s-0926-20150926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2015 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple starts selling SIM-free models of new iPhones in US

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 276  words


Tech giant Apple has announced that it has started selling SIM-free models of
its new iPhones -- iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus -- in the US.

SIM-free iPhones are 'unlocked' iPhones which do not include the usual
carrier-specific nano-SIM card. As such, the SIM-free iPhones are not locked to
a specific carrier or multi-year carrier contracts; and customers can get their
own card from their preferred carrier.

Announcing the availability of SIM-free new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
handsets in the US, Apple said that the SIM-free version of the iPhone 6S is
designated A1633; while the model number carried by the larger iPhone 6S Plus is
A1634.

According to the details shared by Apple in its fine print, the SIM-free units
of iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus will work on a number of US wireless networks
including the AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile and Sprint networks.

The fine print has also revealed that since the SIM-free iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus units will not be eligible for carrier incentives or payment plans, the
entire cost of the handsets will have to paid upfront by the customers.

About the advantage of SIM-free iPhones, Apple said: "If you don't want a
multiyear service contract, or if you prefer to use a local carrier when
traveling abroad, the SIM-free iPhone is the best choice."

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/apple)AT&T
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/att)T-Mobile
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/t-mobile)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 10:15 AM GMT

The iPhone 6s goes on sale today! Find out where you can go and buy it from;
Here is everything you need to know about where you can bag yourself a new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus after its release today

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 197 words


Apple's new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are on sale today and you can get your hands
on one of the new handsets now.

The two new mobile phones are available to buy right now in an Apple store or on
their website.

Both handsets are available on a range of networks including O2, EE, Vodafone,
Three and Virgin Mobile.

What is new about the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus?

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called rose gold.

Both the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6s cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New and Existing Sprint Customers Can Get iPhone 6s for only $15 Per Month with
$0 Down Including a Yearly Upgrade. FOREVER.

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  The iPhone Forever Revolution continues. Starting on September 25, qualified
Sprint customers can get iPhone 6s for $15 per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19
per month, making it the most affordable way to get the new iPhones on Sprint.
Customers who choose not to trade in an existing smartphone at time of purchase
can get iPhone 6s for $22 per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $26 per month. And
with the innovative iPhone Forever program, included in the price, Sprint
customers can now get a new iPhone every year.


 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone&rsquo;s
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you
press the display, letting you do all kinds of essential things more quickly and
simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life,
transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live
Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera
with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most
advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed from the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace
industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

 &ldquo;iPhone Forever is Sprint&rsquo;s latest and greatest option to get these
amazing new iPhones. It is a revolutionary program that fundamentally changes
the way our customers will get Apple&rsquo;s most iconic devices. For a very low
monthly payment, new or existing Sprint Customers will be able to get iPhone 6s
from Sprint and be guaranteed to get a new iPhone every year. I cannot imagine a
better way to have the latest iPhone."

 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO
 In Stores or Direct 2 You on September 25

 Customers can pre-register beginning today, with pre-order available on
September 12. Go to www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to learn more. To celebrate the
availability of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Sprint stores will open early at
8:00 a.m. local time on September 25. Customers also can call 1-800-SPRINT1 or
visit www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to place an order or learn more about iPhone
Forever. Sprint also offers a unique and incredibly convenient way for iPhone
fans to avoid the crush of lines and crowds. With Sprint Direct 2 You, customers
can opt to have a wireless expert bring the device to them and set it up,
transferring all content and demonstrating useful features. This one of a kind
Direct 2 You service is available today for free1 in more than 20 markets
nationwide.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New and Existing Sprint Customers Can Get iPhone 6s for only $15 Per Month with
$0 Down Including a Yearly Upgrade. FOREVER.

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Kansas: Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:



  The iPhone Forever Revolution continues. Starting on September 25, qualified
Sprint customers can get iPhone 6s for $15 per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $19
per month, making it the most affordable way to get the new iPhones on Sprint.
Customers who choose not to trade in an existing smartphone at time of purchase
can get iPhone 6s for $22 per month and iPhone 6s Plus for $26 per month. And
with the innovative iPhone Forever program, included in the price, Sprint
customers can now get a new iPhone every year.


 iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone&rsquo;s
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you
press the display, letting you do all kinds of essential things more quickly and
simply. The new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life,
transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories. Live
Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera
with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most
advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed from the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace
industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

 &ldquo;iPhone Forever is Sprint&rsquo;s latest and greatest option to get these
amazing new iPhones. It is a revolutionary program that fundamentally changes
the way our customers will get Apple&rsquo;s most iconic devices. For a very low
monthly payment, new or existing Sprint Customers will be able to get iPhone 6s
from Sprint and be guaranteed to get a new iPhone every year. I cannot imagine a
better way to have the latest iPhone."

 Marcelo Claure, Sprint CEO
 In Stores or Direct 2 You on September 25

 Customers can pre-register beginning today, with pre-order available on
September 12. Go to www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to learn more. To celebrate the
availability of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Sprint stores will open early at
8:00 a.m. local time on September 25. Customers also can call 1-800-SPRINT1 or
visit www.sprint.com/iphoneforever to place an order or learn more about iPhone
Forever. Sprint also offers a unique and incredibly convenient way for iPhone
fans to avoid the crush of lines and crowds. With Sprint Direct 2 You, customers
can opt to have a wireless expert bring the device to them and set it up,
transferring all content and demonstrating useful features. This one of a kind
Direct 2 You service is available today for free1 in more than 20 markets
nationwide.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 245  words


San Francisco, Sept 10 (IBNS) Apple on Wednesday announced iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to
iPhone's revolutionary Multi-Touch interface.

The new iPhones introduce 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
feature Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass on any smartphone and
7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous
metallic finishes that now include rose gold. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also
introduce a transformative new approach to photography called Live Photos,
bringing still images to life by capturing a moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D
Touch and other advancements in the new iPhones are powered by the
Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering
faster performance and great battery life. The only thing that has changed with
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything 3D Touch lets users interact with
iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the innovative Live Photos brings your
pictures to life, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice president of
Worldwide Marketing. These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series
aluminum, ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight
and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers
are going to love them.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Abans launches Apple Iphone 6s, 6s Plus

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 25 -- Abans Group, the Authorized Reseller and Service Provider
for Apple in Sri-Lanka launched the new iPhone 6s and 6s plus on November 19.

Abans authorized Apple reseller and service provider marked its presence in
Sri-Lanka in 2007 with iPod's later branching into a wider product range
comprising of the MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, MacBook Pro Retina Display, iMac,
iPad Air 2, iPad Mini 3, MacBook Gold, MacBook Space Grey, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6
and now the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. iPad pro will be launched shortly.

A pre-order campaign was initiated on November 13 by Abans Group leading up to
the night of the event wherein customers who pre-ordered their latest iPhones
before November 19 collected them on the day of the launch.

American Express joined hands with Abans to offer customers two installments
waived off on all pre-orders till November 19.

Adding to the excitement of the night consumers were given a free back cover,
screen protector, assistance to transfer existing data onto their new phones,
free training and demonstration of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Since its launch at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
has flourished with rave reviews often being referred to as a game changer in
the iPhone series.

The star feature of this phone is the "3D Touch" technology, which enables you
to activate menus or options by pressing down harder onto the screen without
having to specifically open the app.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus contain an A9 processor with a 12-megapixel-rear
camera which is an upgrade to its predecessor of 8 megapixels. Along with
improved camera quality consumers are also able to shoot 4K videos and "Live
Photos" where pictures captured are generated into short video clips.

Visit Abans Apple iStores to experience the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus and
get a free demonstration and free training from our Apple product professionals.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 29, 2015 Tuesday 4:24 PM GMT

When are the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus coming to Ireland? Here's all you need to
know;
They went on sale in selected countries on September 25 - setting a new
first-weekend sales record with 13 million units sold

BYLINE: By Keeley Ryan

SECTION: LIFESTYLE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 190 words


There's just 10 more sleeps until the latest iPhone is released in Ireland.

Apple's latest offerings - the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus - are due to hit
Irish shores on October 9, but they're going to set you back a bit.

The iPhone 6S starts at (EURO)759 for the 16GB model, while the 64GB one will
set you back (EURO)869 and the 128GB model will cost (EURO)979.

Meanwhile the iPhone 6S Plus will cost (EURO)869, (EURO)979 and (EURO)1,089 for
the three different sizes.

While the handsets might look similar, the 6S Plus features a number of
improvements - including Apple's faster A9 processor, a 12 megapixel camera, and
a Force Touch display.

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus went on sale in selected countries on September
25 - setting a new first-weekend sales record with 13 million units sold.

Irish customers will be able to get their hands on the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus beginning October 9.

Vodafone confirmed that customers will be able to pre-order their handsets from
October 2.

Looking for more Apple news? Check out all you need to know about the Apple
Watch.

Read More: Woman sends robot to queue for iPhone 6s so she doesn't have to

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

UK operators announce iPhone 6s offers & tariffs

SECTION: DEVICES; Product Breakthroughs

LENGTH: 291 words



HIGHLIGHT: The iPhone 6s 128GB model is priced at £699.


Apple has started taking pre-orders for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 markets
including the UK.

Mobile operators including EE, Vodaphone, Three and O2 have announced their
tariff plans for the new devices.

The iPhone 6s 16GB model featuring 4.7-inch display will be sold for £539, the
64GB model is available for £619, and the 128GB model is being sold for £699.

The larger model iPhone 6s Plus featuring 5.5-inch display will cost £619 for
the 16GB model, £699 for the 64GB model and £789 for the 128GB model.

However, the price of its predecessor iPhone 5S has gone down to £379 for the
16GB model and £419 for the 32GB model.

EE is offering iPhones on its 4G+ network, which was recently rolled out to
several new locations in the capital city.

Buyers of the iPhone 6s 16GB will have to pay £49.99 upfront and £49.99 per
month for 24 months on the 4GB EE Extra Plan offering 10 GB of data.

iPhone 6s Plus 16GB version will be available for £69.99 upfront and £54.99 per
month for 24 months on the 10GB EE Extra Plan.

Rival company Vodaphone is offering the iPhone 6s for £149 up-front and 4G
bundle for £36 per month for 24 months contract. The iPhone 6s Plus 16GB version
on a 4G bundle will cost users £169 up-front and £41 for 24 months.

O2 is trying to lure users with the 'Refresh tariff' which includes 30GB data,
free damage and breakdown and is also offering free upgrades after 12 months.

iPhone 6s 128GB on O2 will cost users £39.99 upfront and £64 per month, while
the 16GB variant will cost £59.99 upfront and £49 per month.

Three is offering the iPhone 6s Plus 16GB model for £49.99 upfront and £59 per
month for 24 months, and iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available starting at £99
upfront plus £43 per month for 24 months on the 1GB data plan.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 3, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Wait No More! Pre-Book The Amazing iPhone 6S And 6S Plus At The MobileStore

LENGTH: 161  words


Saturday, October 03, 2015: The MobileStore, India's largest telephony retailer
announces the Pre-Booking of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. If you are looking for
an opportunity to own one of the most eagerly awaited iPhones of the year, look
no further than The MobileStore, one of the only mobile retailers in India that
is accepting pre-bookings for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus with fantastic offers
and EMI options that will make you the talk of the town. Pre-bookings for the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will be accepted at The MobileStore starting 2nd October
2015.

Reach out to any of The MobileStore outlets near you to pre-book your iPhone 6S
or 6S Plus at just Rs. 2000. Customers of The MobileStore can also avail of easy
and hassle free EMI options from leading banks across India.

#WaitNoMore, be the first to flaunt the Amazing New iPhone 6S or 6S Plus by
pre-booking it only at The MobileStore. Hurry! pre-booking of the iPhone 6S and
6S Plus ends on 13th October 2015.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 17, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

5 iPhone 6S Features That Apple Borrowed From Others

LENGTH: 403  words


The-all-new iPhone 6S does not really bring all-new features!

Saturday, October 17, 2015: Apple recently launched new iPhones in India market.
iPhone 6S and 6S plus bring innovative technology and features to the table.
Every year, iPhone launch creates lot of buzz in media. Apple also pushed latest
iOS 9 software to iPhones. The operating system brings new features to iPhone.
Most of these new features are already available on Android platform. Today we
have listed 5 features in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus that Apple borrowed from others.

1. 3D Touch

3D Touch in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will enable different actions with respect to
different level of force on the screen. If the touch is deeper, it will open up
advanced menu or peek into the content of the folder. Apple has deployed the
same technology in new 12-inch MacBook's touchpad. We have seen the same
technology in BlackBerry Storm 2. BlackBerry had named it as SurePress. Huawei
had introduced similar feature on Mate S smartphone.

2. Live Photo

Apple has implemented a new feature on iPhone called, Live Photo. It lets you
capture some action before and after you press shutter key. It creates an
animated picture, images animate responding to touch. The similar feature is
available on HTC smartphones, it's called Zoe. Microsoft has integrated similar
feature on Lumia smartphones, called Living Image.

3. 4K Video Recording

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus users can finally shoot videos in 4K (3840 x 2160p)
format. However, the same technology is available on many flagship Android
devices. Smartphone manufacturers like LG, Sony, Apple rolled out 4K video
support in 2014.

4. Playback Zoom

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus come with a new feature called playback zoom. Users can
zoom in objects in video while playing them. There is nothing new about this
feature, it's available on number of Android smartphones for years. There are
some third party apps that support this feature.

5. Retina Flash

Apple has upgraded front facing camera in iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. The new
powerful camera will enable users to take high resolution selfies. Apple hasn't
integrated front flash on new iPhones. Company has implemented an interesting
solution for selfie flash - Retina flash. The screen goes 3X brighter while
clicking selfie. However, the concept is not entirely new. Many Android devices
have same feature. There are some third-party apps that enable this feature on
Android smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Apple's new iPhones hit store shelves

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton twolverton@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 198 words


The new iPhones are hitting store shelves Friday morning.

Consumers can buy the latest models of Apple's smartphone, the iPhone 6s and the
jumbo-sized iPhone 6s Plus, at the company's retail stores. They can also find
them at the stores of the major wireless carriers and some other major
electronics retailers.

The key feature of the new models, which share the same size and shape as last
year's versions, is something Apple calls 3D Touch. The feature can recognize
how hard users are pressing on the devices' screens and display different kinds
of information for different presses.

The new phones also feature more powerful cameras and a faster processor than
last year's models. The rear camera in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has a
12-megapixel resolution, up from 8 megapixels previously.

The iPhone 6s starts at $650 without a contract. The iPhone 6s Plus starts at
$750 without a contract.

Last year's models were the first-ever large screen iPhones and sold in record
numbers. Financial analysts who follow the company generally expect the growth
in the Apple's iPhones sales to fall from its recent torrid pace.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285. Follow him at Twitter.com/troywolv .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Customers line up as they wait for the release and sale start of the
new Apple iPhone 6S at an Apple store on Chicago's Magnificent Mile, Friday,
Sept. 25, 2015, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
Customers Makiko Maeda, left, and Naoki Tsukamoto react after they purchased new
iPhone 6s at an Apple store in Tokyo Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. Apple is counting
on sales of the new iPhones to maintain its position as one of the most
profitable, and valuable, companies in the world. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara)
A new Apple iPhone 6S is displayed at an Apple store on Chicago's Magnificent
Mile, Friday, Sept. 25, 2015, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
Lucy an Atomic 212 Robot with an image of owner on Facetime stands third in the
line to purchase the new iPhone 6S, outside the Apple Store, in Sydney,
Australia, Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. The robot, controlled via the 4G network
allows owner Lucy Kelly of Sydney to finalize her purchase of a new iPhone 6S
remotely. Apple is counting on sales of the new iPhones to maintain its position
as one of the most profitable, and valuable, companies in the world. (AP
Photo/Glenn Nicholls)
More than 50 people brave adverse weather conditions while camping on the street
outside the Sydney Apple Store to be among the first to purchase the new iPhone
6s in Sydney, Australia, Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. (AP Photo/Glenn Nicholls)
New iPhone 6s models are on display at an Apple store in Tokyo as Apple Inc.
launched the sales of the latest models of its popular smartphone in Japan
Friday, Sept. 25, 2015. Apple is counting on sales of the new iPhones to
maintain its position as one of the most profitable, and valuable, companies in
the world. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple introduces iPhone 6s & iPhone 6s Plus

LENGTH: 268  words


YEREVAN, SEPTEMBER 10, ARMENPRESS. Apple today announced iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, adding a powerful new dimension to iPhone
's revolutionary Multi-Touch[TM] interface. The new iPhonesintroduce 3D Touch,
which senses force to enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact
with content. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina® HD displays made from
the strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 seriesaluminum, the same alloy
used in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include
rose gold. "Armenpress" reports the aforesaid, referring to the official website
of Apple.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the newiPhones
are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a
smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.  "The only
thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything -- 3D
Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip
Schiller,Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. "These are the
most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminum, ion-strengthened glass,
the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and 5-megapixel FaceTime HD
cameras,faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi. Customers are going to love them."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/354/1176/27/144187726149.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2015 Armenpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 2, 2015 Wednesday 12:05 PM EST

What to expect at Apple's September 9th iPhone event

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1133  words


Click for image

On September 9th, Apple will introduce the ninth iteration of its iconic iPhone.
Incredibly, Apple has consistently managed to release new iPhone models with
compelling features for years on end. From what we know of the iPhone 6s, 2015
will be no different.

As a quick reminder, Apple's special iPhone event is slated to kick off on
Wednesday, September 9 at 10 am Pacific Time.

Here's what we know so far.

To begin, let's talk product naming. If history is any indication, Apple will be
releasing two new iPhone models this month: the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s
Plus. As 'S'-generation upgrades, Apple's new iPhone models will likely retain
the same form factor as the current iPhone 6. Indeed, Apple only tends to
introduce new iPhone hardware designs once every other year.

Like other 'S' upgrades before it, the iPhone 6s will mostly focus on bringing
new software features and 'under-the-hood' hardware upgrades to the table.
Here's what we can expect to see.

First off, the new iPhone models will support a feature called "Force Touch."
Originally introduced on the Apple Watch, and later incorporated onto Apple's
MacBook, Force Touch technology will allow new iPhones to not only detect the
location of fingers on the display, but also the strength of the press.

In doing so, Apple will be able to open up entirely new methods of user
interaction that will result in a more intuitive and efficient user experience.

9to5Mac highlighted one such example a few weeks ago:

"New to the Force Touch experience, a user can look up a point of interest in
the Maps application, and then Force Touch on the destination to immediately
begin turn-by-turn directions. Currently, if a user wants to start navigating to
a destination, she must search for the point of interest, click the navigation
logo on the map view, then click another button to actually start navigating. In
this case, the Force Touch gesture will skip two steps."

Underneath the hood, the new iPhones will be getting some substantial and
exciting upgrades. Specifically, the iPhone 6s will finally be graced with 2GB
of RAM. This is a welcome upgrade and will help app developers craft more
expansive applications while also making the entire OS feel a whole lot
snappier.

And, like all other iPhone upgrades, expect a blazing-fast processor in the form
of a new 1.5GHz tri-core A9 processor. In short, the iPhone 6s should really
scream.

While the iPhone 6s will retain the same form factor, there are rumors that a
new color option will be added to the mix. While nothing is 100% certain until
Tim Cook gets on stage and makes it official, there are rumblings from the rumor
mill that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will come in a new Rose Gold color option.

As for lower-tiered models, there were some reports that Apple was planning to
release an iPhone 6c device, a smaller and more affordable 4-inch iPhone.
However, more recent reports suggest that those plans may have since been
scrapped. More than likely, Apple realized that if higher-margined iPhone sales
are doing well, why even bother releasing a less-profitable device to the
market?

Now, one of the more exciting iPhone 6s features, and perhaps one of the
device's key selling points, will be a completely overhauled camera. Indeed,
Apple, without fail, has been able to really improve the iPhone's camera quality
with each successive release. The iPhone 6s will be no different. First off,
we're going to see a notable megapixel increase, jumping from the 8-megapixel
camera Apple used on the iPhone 6 to a 12-megapixel camera on the 6s. What's
more, previous reports have indicated that the iPhone 6s will be able to record
video in full 4K quality.

As for some other features, we can finally say goodbye to bendgate, the
overblown scandal that accompanied the iPhone 6 release last year. Even though
Apple barely received any reports of bent devices, they nonetheless decided to
construct the iPhone 6s out of 7000-series aluminum, resulting in a stronger and
much sturdier build than previous models.

Lastly, expect the new iPhones to retain the same 16GB/64GB/128GB tiered
structure.

Apple TV

Come next Wednesday, new iPhones won't be the only thing on Apple's agenda.
Indeed, it's widely believed that Apple will finally unveil a completely
revamped Apple TV.

Long considered a hobby, it appears that the Apple TV is poised to become a
full-fledged member of Apple's product lineup.

Here's what we know so far.

The new Apple TV will undoubtedly mark the biggest upgrade Apple's beloved
hockey puck has seen to date. The upgrade will introduce an A8 processor and
will reportedly come with a new touch-enabled remote control with support for
Siri.

More interesting than that, the Apple TV may come with a full-fledged App Store
of its own. If this bears out, the Apple TV could quickly become the one living
room set top box that everyone has to have. Imagine being able to access all of
the Apple TV's current channels while also being able to use the device as a
modern and fully capable gaming console with, and this is a big maybe, Microsoft
Kinect functionality. Recall, Apple in late 2013 acquired PrimeSense, an
Israeli-based company whose technology was used on the first version of
Microsoft Kinect.

Also of note, and said to be the "cornerstone" of the new Apple TV, is something
Apple is calling Universal Search.

Buzzfeed reports:

"Sources familiar with Apple's plans say that a cornerstone of the the company's
new set-top box is a universal search feature that will enable searches across
multiple streaming video services as well as Apple's iTunes Store. Instead of
searching the catalogs of multiple video services one-at-a-time for a particular
movie, you'll now be able to search all - or most of them - at once and then
choose the service on which you'd like to watch it. You'll also be able to
search for actors and directors, and run other more targeted searches as well -
all with Siri."

This should be an extremely intriguing feature, especially now that the market
is already so saturated with so many different content providers, from Netflix
and HBO Go to Hulu and Amazon Prime.

Now, the one thing the Apple TV rollout won't support at first will be Apple's
rumored TV subscription service. Apple, if you recall, is hoping to offer a
somewhat sparse collection of 25 channels for about $40/month. The latest
reports on that initiative, however, reveal that Apple is running into some
resistance from content providers that are keen on a higher monthly price point.



All told, next week's Apple event, per usual, should be a doozy.

There are also rumblings that Apple next week will take some time to introduce a
new 12.9-inch iPad Pro alongside a new iPad Mini 4. Without question, this is
poised to be Apple's biggest event of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 13, 2016 Wednesday 7:02 AM GMT

Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people;
Taking the guts of the iPhone 6S and squeezing them into the frame of the iPhone
5S is great, but only those who really want a 4in phone should buy one

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1402 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

With the iPhone SE everything that is old is now new again, but is that a good
thing and is a small, 4in smartphone really up to scratch in 2016?

The new iPhone SE comes in at the bottom end of Apple's iPhone range on cost,
below the iPhone 6S and 2014's iPhone 6, a spot typically filled by last year's
model. It's now the only smartphone Apple makes with a screen smaller than
4.7in, which for some could be a big deal. For others it could be a deal
breaker.

iPhone 5, 5S or iPhone SE?

The iPhone SE is the spitting image of the iPhone 5S. The only differences are
that the edges are the same colour and texture as the back of the device, it
comes in rose gold, the Apple logo on the back is shiny, and there's a small
"SE" emblem on the back, reminiscent of the Machintosh SE from 1987.

It's still relatively slender at 7.6mm thick - its hard square edges make it
feel thicker than it is - and it weighs 113g, which is quite light for a
smartphone these days. Then again, it's very small for a smartphone in 2016.

The screen is the same as the 5S, 4in on the diagonal with the same quality
colours, brightness and blacks. Compared to the iPhone 6S the screen is
noticeably weaker, with poorer blacks and vibrancy. It's not a bad screen by any
stretch of the imagination, it's just a good screen from two years ago, which is
exactly what it is.

In the hand the body feels sharp and hard, with unforgiving edges which are only
acceptable because of the phone's diminutive size. The hard edges are easier to
grip than the slippery rounded sides of the iPhone 6S, and particularly the
large 6S Plus, but they hurt my palms after clutching it for an hour or two.

The iPhone SE's closest rival is the excellent Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, which has
a significantly larger 4.6in display, weighs 138g, is 8.9mm thick and has
slightly larger dimensions. Practically no other 4in devices in this high-end
category exist anymore.

Using a 4in screen in 2016 is a compromise. Websites feel very cramped, apps
often leave only a small amount of screen to the content they're trying to
display and buttons can end up very small making tapping them a bit of a
challenge.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4in 1136 x 640 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM Storage: 16/64GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9.3
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 1.2MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6mm Weight: 113g


                                        Three generations in one device

When you dig into the innards of the iPhone SE things start to get more
interesting. It has a combination of iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S parts.
The processor and graphics chip is an Apple A9 from the iPhone 6S, which makes
it as fast as its bigger brother. It also has 2GB of RAM - double the iPhone 5S
- which makes multitasking or browsing multiple tabs in Safari a lot faster with
less reloading.

Performance is much faster overall than the iPhone 5S and feels similar to that
of the iPhone 6S, apart from the fingerprint sensor, which is pretty slow for a
2016 smartphone costing £350+. It's the same original Touch ID sensor from the
iPhone 5S/6, not the new, much faster Touch ID sensor from the 6S, which is
disappointing.

The iPhone SE's battery life is better than the 6S, mirroring that of the 6S
Plus. Using it as my main device, with hundreds of emails, push notifications,
three hours of browsing and listening to music - without the Facebook app
installed - the iPhone SE lasted a solid working day. I went to bed with 10%
battery left and work up eight hours later with 5%.

Compared to other iPhones, most will see better battery out of the SE, but it
doesn't come close to its closest Android competitor, the Xperia Z5 Compact,
which lasted as long as three days between charges.

Call quality was excellent. I also didn't suffer from the reported Bluetooth
audio issues.

iOS 9

The iPhone SE comes loaded with iOS 9.3, which currently runs on the iPhone 4S
and newer, including the iPhone 5S.

It includes features such as Apple's Night Mode, which reduces the amount of
blue light emitted by the display in the evening to help you sleep. It's the
exact same version running on the iPhone 6S currently and behaves as such, minus
the 3D Touch gestures that the SE does not support.

It's worth noting that iOS works better on smaller devices, where your thumb can
reach all areas of the screen. Activating the Control Center feels more
consistent, as does swapping between apps using the task switcher on the smaller
screen.


     ·    iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?


                                        Camera

The rear camera is the same 12-megapixel shooter as fitted in the iPhone 6S and
performs as such. It's one of the better cameras available on a smartphone, with
good detail and colour balance, but it has been bettered recently by cameras
from Samsung, Sony and Google.

It is a big step up from the iPhone 5S with 4K video recording and Apple's Live
Photos, which are nice to play with but end up being a gimmick that's difficult
to share with non-iPhone users.

The 1.2-megapixel selfie camera, however, is the same as that fitted to the
iPhone 5S and is distinctly worse than the rear camera or that fitted to the
iPhone 6S, which is a shame. It will shoot decent selfies in good light, but
struggles in low-light conditions.

Price

The iPhone SE is available in four colours and two storage options costing £359
for 16GB of space and £439 for 64GB of space.

For comparison, the iPhone 6S costs £539, the iPhone 6 costs £459 and the Sony
Xperia Z5 Compact costs £300.

Observations

     ·    It took a full phone reset to get iCloud Music/iTunes Match to work
          properly, which was deeply irritating.
     ·    Do not buy the 16GB version unless you can help it. 16GB of storage
          will rapidly be filled up with apps, videos, music and photos.
     ·    The iPhone SE will fit in any cases and take any accessories designed
          for the iPhone 5S or 5
     ·    Apple Pay is supported, unlike the 5S
     ·    Compared to larger phones the SE feels more robust
     ·    Typing on the 4in screen is quite fiddly and slow - my thumbs clashed
          on the tiny keyboard
     ·    My hands started to cramp after half a day trying to grip the small
          phone
     ·    The hard edges were sore on my palms and are a downgrade over the
          iPhone 5S. Stick it in a case.
     ·    The iPhone SE lacks 3D touch and the Taptic engine from the iPhone 6S,

          which means many of the new gestures built into iOS9 for swapping
          between apps etc are not available.


                                        Verdict

The iPhone SE is one of the best of the very few small phones still available.
It would be a significant downgrade from an iPhone 6, isn't a quantum leap over
the iPhone 5S and should only really be considered if size is the overriding
factor.

It might make a good first iPhone, but it feels like a step backwards - the 4in
screen is very small for browsing, viewing photos, apps, games and typing.
Smartphones, and what we consume on them, have moved on in the four years since
a 4in iPhone was first unveiled, and the iPhone SE feels much less engaging than
a 6S.

It is much more pocketable, easier to grip and costs less, but it still isn't a
"budget" iPhone and is still relatively expensive compared to competing
smartphones from other manufacturers.

Pros:  one-day battery, good rear camera, decent screen, easy to hold, easy to
fit in a pocket, fits in existing iPhone 5 accessories  Cons: very small screen,
edges are hard on hands, looks like an iPhone 5 or 5S, selfie camera isn't
great, no expandable storage or removable battery

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life
     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: this is the smartphone to beat


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus by up to 16% in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 488 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16 per cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales
in what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship
devices nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16 per cent and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs
55,000, according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of
anonymity. The price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of
both models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
devices between launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a
national retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Mobile plans: New iPhone models to cost more;
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models, on sale from next Friday, will cost from $10 to
$100 more than their predecessors

BYLINE: Irene Tham

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 442 words


Apple's new iPhones will be dearer than their predecessors for consumers who buy
them under a mobile plan from any of the three telcos here.

Yesterday, Singtel and StarHub released the prices of the latest iPhone 6s and
6s Plus models, which will go on sale here next Friday. Under most of the mobile
plans, the new phones will cost between $10 and $100 more than the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus when they were launched last year.

This is consistent with the increased prices of the handsets when sold without a
mobile plan.

The basic 16GB model of the iPhone 6s will go for $568 under Singtel's Combo 2
plan. This is $60 more than the 16GB model of the iPhone 6 with the same plan.
Under a similarly priced mobile plan by StarHub, the phone will cost $561. M1,
which released its prices on Wednesday, will sell the same phone for $570 under
its i-Lite+ plan, which last Thursday was raised to $42 a month.

The $1 mobile subscription fee increase is seen across most of M1's mobile
plans, although the price of its entry-level $28-a-month plan stays the same.

Singtel and StarHub have not adjusted their mobile plan prices.

IDC Asia-Pacific senior market analyst Kiranjeet Kaur said that the pricier
phones "will not be construed as an unfair play by telcos since the retail
prices of the handsets alone have also gone up".

Without a mobile plan, the basic model of the iPhone 6s will go for $1,048,
which is $50 more than its predecessor.

The basic iPhone 6s Plus model will cost $1,218, or $70 more than the basic 6
Plus model.

The Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are heavier than their predecessors despite
having the same display size and design. The iPhone 6s comes in at 143g, 14g
heavier, and the iPhone 6s Plus at 192g, 20g heavier.

But the heavier form factor is also not expected to deter buying.

"I would expect most people to prefer the 3D Touch Display over the few grams
difference," said Ms Kaur.

The new feature lets the devices support new gestures that are based on pressure
as well as touch.

IT consultant Nigel Tan, 28, is not deterred by the price increase, and is
eyeing the rose gold edition of the 6s Plus.

"I want to enjoy the new features and better hardware," said Mr Tan, adding that
he plans to sell his current 6 Plus model to defray the cost of upgrading.

Those who did not register their interest in the new models with M1 by last
Monday's closing date can walk into any M1 shop to buy the phone from next
Saturday.

StarHub closed its registration of interest on Wednesday, but will accept
walk-in purchases from next Saturday. Singtel said its registration of interest
started on Tuesday and will end soon but did not give a date.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models will also cost more without a
mobile plan than their predecessors a year ago. The basic 16GB models will
retail at $50 to $70 more.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

iPhone 6S UAE launch date and pricing revealed

LENGTH: 222  words


By tbreak Staff -

Apple has officially announced the availability of the iPhone 6S in 40
additional countries between October 9 and 16th. GCC countries such as the UAE,
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and Kuwait will be getting the new iPhone 6S and the
iPhone 6S Plus on the 10th of October.

Pricing for the iPhone 6S is set at AED 2599, AED 2999 and AED 3399 for the
16GB, 64GB and 128GB models respectively. The iPhone 6S Plus will be available
for AED 2999, AED 3399 and AED 3799 for the three storage sizes. All four
colours including the new Rose Gold will be available to the region.

Apple also announced that it has sold more than 13 million new iPhones in three
days following the launch which is a new record not only for the company but the
smartphone industry.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said Tim Cook, Apple's
CEO. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live
Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in
even more countries on October 9."

Grey market imports of the Phone 6S have been available in the UAE from Sep 26.
Current prices for these unofficial imports are close to what Apple is
officially charging.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/38/144353123955.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 1:30 PM GMT

iPhone 6S: bent, scratched, dropped and dunked in water - how durable is it?;
Last year saw bending issues for Apple's iPhone 6, but it seems the 6S is
stronger, more durable and potentially waterproof. Just keep it away from knives
and grit

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 440 words


Every new smartphone is meant to be better than the last, but hardiness is often
not included in that upgrade. Now the iPhone 6S has been dropped, bent,
scratched and now submerged in water, how tough is it?

Last year users complained about the iPhone ending up bent after trips through
user pockets. Testers then took their thumbs to various other large and thin
smartphones, including Samsung's Galaxy Note series.

This year saw Samsung claim a 1.7 times strength increase within its Galaxy S6
smartphones to try and stop bending. Apple also switched to a stronger aluminium
for its iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which it claims is harder, but is it and will it
bend? Vlogger Christian from FoneFox put it to the test.

The iPhone 6S Plus seems to be more resilient. Requiring two people to actually
bend it indicates users are unlikely to do it by accident. Chalk this one up to
positive consumer action from last year's bendgate.

Dropping and scratching

Bending isn't quite in the same consumer-issue league as dropping smartphones.
The harder aluminium used in the new iPhone helps it survive drops on to its
edges and back better than last year's iPhone 6S, with fewer marks and
deformations in the frame. Dropping it on to the screen still has a predictable
effect, according to vlogger David Rahimi:

Apple claims its X-ion glass screen is the hardest in the business, and while it
will stand up to keys, knives, grit and sandpaper are not the iPhone 6S's
friend, according to vlogger JerryRigEverything:

Samsung's Galaxy S6 with its Corning Gorilla Glass 4 can apparently survive a
Stanley knife blade, for comparison, but neither screen is a match for sandpaper
or grit in the pocket.

Taking a bath

Apple doesn't claim that the iPhone 6S is waterproof, but it seems that the
phone is a lot more capable of surviving a dip into water than last year's
iPhone 6 and most other non-waterproof or water-resistant smartphones.

The phones survived an hour of submersion in water, and continued working
without issue. Even the exposed Lightning and headphones ports worked fine after
the dip, and continued to do so 48 hours later, according to vlogger Zach
Straley.

Another vlogger was not so lucky with his testing, showing neither smartphone
surviving unscathed after a 30-minute submersion, however.

Both the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are heavier and thicker than last year's iPhone
and it seems Apple's claims that they are more durable with harder aluminium
frames stands up to testing. But whether they are waterproof seems to be up for
debate.


     ·    How pink is the new 'rose gold' iPhone 6S?
     ·    Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier


LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6s, 6s Plus all set to hit Indian stores on October 16

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 15 -- Zee Media Bureau
 This is indeed a piece of good news for all iPhone fans as Apple Inc's latest
handsets, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are all set to hit stores on Friday
(October 16) across the country.


 After three weeks of its official launch in the United States, the new iPhones
will hit the Indian smartphone market in the intervening night of October 15-16,
much to the delight of the fans.
 However, costumers will have to shelf out a heavy sum for the iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus as they have been priced starting from Rs 62,000 for the lower
variant up to Rs 92,000 for the highest variant.
 Nevertheless, it is interesting to note that India's leading telecom service
providers Airtel and Vodafone are offering a series of freebies up to Rs 15,000
in order to woo customers.
 ALSO READ: Airtel offers freebies worth Rs 15,000 with iPhone 6s, 6s Plus
 The iPhones will be available in three variants of 16GB, 64GB and 128GB.
 ALSO READ: Vodafone to offer freebies worth Rs 8,885 on latest iPhones
 The prices of the various variants are given below.
 iPhone 6s price:
 16GB - Rs 62,000/
 64GB - Rs 72,000/
 128GB - Rs 82,000/
 iPhone 6s Plus price:
 16GB - Rs 72,000/
 64GB - Rs 82,000/
 128GB- Rs 92,000/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 12, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook: Apple has "changed everything" about next-gen iPhones

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 205  words


Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the company's much-awaited new iPhones - iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus - at a major product launch event held at the Bill Graham
Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 9.

While introducing the new iPhones, Cook said that though the overall look of the
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets may look "familiar," Apple has "changed
everything" about the two new iPhone models.

Both the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets are powered by a faster A9
processor, speedier fingerprint sensors, and notably improved cameras. The new
iPhones come with a 12-megapixel iSight back camera and a

5-megapixel front-facing camera.

Moreover, the new iPhones also boast a 3D touch screen which has the capability
to recognize new gestures such as pressing and holding, and vibrates to indicate
that it has been pressed. The new handsets will also come with a new 'Live
Photos' feature which allows users to combine photos and videos.

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets are both made from 7000 series
aluminum; and will be available in four color options --- silver, gold, space
gray, and rose gold. The cost of the iPhone 7S will begin at $650; whereas the
cost of the iPhone 6S Plus will start at $750.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Juha Saarinen: Gear Friday - going small with iPhone SE

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 624 words


Downsizing my iPhone from the 6S Plus to the new SE has been an interesting
experience.

I can now sit down in the car and elsewhere with the iPhone SE in my front
pocket without risking an injured undercarriage (the iPhone 6S Plus doesn"t bend
easily, believe me) and err, making the trouser line look strange.

Also, talking on the iPhone SE looks nicely retro and unobtrusive compared to
the phablet-sized iPhone 6S Plus.

Small really is better at times.

I can drive the 6S Plus mostly with one hand and thumb, but the iPhone SE is
that much easier to do that with, thanks to the smaller 4-inch screen.

For upgraders who felt the iPhone 6 and 6S are just too big, the SE is totally
worthwhile: the camera from iPhone 6S, faster processor and new radios (both
Wi-Fi and LTE) are great additions; also, Touch ID is actually much more useful
on the SE than on the iPhone 6S Plus, as my large fingers are more typo prone on
the smaller screen.

The smaller screen is the deal-breaker for me though: I"ve been spoilt by the
large 5.5-inch display on the iPhone 6S Plus which lets me view more things at
once with less scrolling and zooming around.

The iPhone SE had me wondering about the seemingly intractable problem of device
sizes having to be both large and small at the same time, to be practical to use
yet portable.

I can actually write pretty long documents on the iPhone 6S Plus by flipping it
on its side, and using the larger keyboard that appears on the screen and both
thumbs. A smaller, 4-inch screen would take a while to get used to - and unlike
the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus which have iOS Reachability features to help people
with small hands drive them, there"s nothing equivalent for us with
non-Trump-sized mitts on the iPhone SE to assist with the comparatively tiny
display.

If you can live with the smaller screen though, the iPhone SE is a great entry
into Apple"s iOS walled garden, and good value for money as a new device that
should keep going for the next two to three years easily.

The iPhone SE had me wondering about the seemingly intractable problem of device
sizes having to be both large and small at the same time, to be practical to use
yet portable.

I"m hoping the answer won"t be Siri or Cortana or another voice recognition
personal digital assistant, because having millions of people constantly talking
to their mobile devices would be a horrendous dystopia.

Purloining the Panama Papers a piece of cake

Silly me, I must stop assuming skills and cleverness are applied in situations
where taking advantage of carelessness and incompetence will do much better.

A global law firm like Mossack Fonseca, with lots of high-profile clients,
should make every effort to ensure that their IT systems are up to date and
secure, right? Bulletproof secrecy and all that.

Except it seems Mossack Fonseca didn"t, according to security experts Wired UK
spoke to.

The Panama Papers may have been leaked by an insider, or an outside hacker or a
government wanting to shed light on murky financial dealings worldwide; either
way, judging by how "holey" Mossack Fonseca"s systems are, whoever engineered
the data breach probably didn"t have to work very hard to gain access.

Nor is it likely that there were any form of intrusion detection systems active
to alert that the data was accessed: the Panama Papers data arrived over a
period of a year, in little bits and pieces, with nobody noticing.

Lax security practices among law firms are apparently not unusual. It wouldn"t
surprise me if opportunistic activists and even criminals pay greater attention
to legal beagles" internet-connected systems from now.

And accountants and... just about every single professional person or firm
holding sensitive information. Just something to think about.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Ooredoo Kuwait announces benefits for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus packages

LENGTH: 384 words


Move to improve competency of workforce
ABK signs MoU with KOSAC

Hot on the heels of Ooredoo Kuwait's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus official
launch at the Ooredoo Tower last weekend, Kuwait's fastest growing telco, has
raised the bar again, offering fantastic benefits for customers.

Ooredoo Kuwait, which is a member of the international Ooredoo Group, held a
star-studded launch on Friday evening with the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
literally dropping into Kuwait by parachute.

Today, Ooredoo Kuwait offered a range of special offers to partner the new
iPhones which include unlimited talk-time, unlimited messages and unlimited
access to four popular messaging applications from as little as KD 35 per month.

Mijbil Alayoub, Director of Corporate Communications at Ooredoo Kuwait said: "If
our customers thought we couldn't beat the excitement of Friday's launch event
then they will be pleasantly surprised with our fantastic new packages. Inspired
by the iPhone 6s, we have attempted to change everything once again, with six
super benefits for Ooredoo customers.

"Our customers have really busy and exciting lives, and we are delighted and
grateful to support them. Our launch event and our amazing new packages show our
clear intent to live up to, if not exceed their expectations." Ooredoo Kuwait is
offering customers a choice of three great packages. For KD 35 per month Ooredoo
customers can get an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus 16GB with 500 GB of data, a KD 80
voucher against a future device purchase and Ooredoo Passport roaming packages
valid for two subscriptions.

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus 64GB devices are available at the rate of KD 45
per month with Ooredoo increasing the data allowance to 750GB, with three
subscriptions to the Ooredoo roaming passport. The top of the range 128GB
devices are available at the rate of KD 60 per month includes unlimited mobile
internet, four Ooredoo roaming passports and a KD 200 voucher against a future
device.

All packages include unlimited calls and SMS, a free router, a free data SIM and
unlimited usage of WhatsApp, Viber, Tango and Skype. The new iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus are now available from Ooredoo stockists and retail partners.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/326/1143/91/144534807865.jpg

Move to improve competency of workforce ABK signs MoU with KOSAC

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2015 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Look like older iPhones but with nifty new traits;
Apple's penchant for updating the iPhone with an 'S' suffix and incremental
upgrades continues with its latest iPhones. Trevor Tan tests the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus to see if they are worth the upgrade.

BYLINE: Trevor Tan

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 1087 words


DESIGN

The two new iPhones look almost exactly like their predecessors. But they are
built with structurally stronger 7000 Series aluminium.

A new rose gold model joins the existing grey, silver and gold models (gold is
now not available for existing iPhone 6 and 6 Plus). It is a finish that is more
pink than gold.

Both iPhones are 0.2mm thicker than their predecessors. They are heavier, with
the iPhone 6s putting on 14g, and the iPhone 6s Plus gaining 20g. But they can
still be used with iPhone 6 and 6 Plus cases.

But when you hold them in your hands, you will not really feel or sense the
increase in thickness or weight. Both new iPhones are still great to hold and
handle, with the smaller model more suited to one-hand use.

TECH SPECS   APPLE IPHONE 6S PLUS

PRICE: $1,218 (16GB), $1,388 (64GB) $1,558 (128GB)

PROCESSOR: A9 chip with

64-bit architecture with embedded M9 motion co-processor

SCREEN: 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,920 x 1,080 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front camera

WEIGHT: 192g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

SPEED

With an upgraded 64-bit A9 chip, the iPhones run faster than their predecessors.

In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, the iPhone 6s scored 2,535 (single-core) and
4,410 (multi-core), while the iPhone 6s Plus scored 2,526 (single-core) and
4,410 (multi-core). These results are around 50 per cent faster than the
previous models.

Where it took 9sec to load Infinity Blade III on the previous iPhones, both new
iPhones loaded the game in around 7.7sec. Graphics-intensive games such as
Implosion played smoothly without lag.

The iPhones use the second-generation Touch ID that is supposed to be better and
faster. It works even with moist fingers and logs into the Home Screen a split
second faster than in previous versions.

TECH SPECS   APPLE IPHONE 6S

PRICE: $1,048 (16GB), $1,218 (64GB), $1,388 (128GB)

PROCESSOR: A9 chip with

64-bit architecture with embedded M9 motion co-processor

SCREEN: 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 3D Touch; 1,334 x 750 pixels

CAMERAS: 12-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front camera

WEIGHT: 143g

RATING

FEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 3/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

SIRI

The voice command "Hey, Siri" is now recognised without requiring the iPhones to
be plugged to a power source. When you set up the phone initially, you will be
asked to say a few sentences, such as "Hey Siri, how's the weather today'". This
is so the phone will recognise only your voice. Siri seems to have become more
accurate as a result.

DISPLAY WITH 3D TOUCH

Apple did not increase the new iPhones' display size and screen resolution. A
higher-resolution display is probably more suited for viewing the 4K videos that
the new iPhones are capable of shooting.

What has changed with the display is the addition of the 3D Touch feature, where
the screen senses how hard you are pressing on it.

This feature allows for primarily two functions, which Apple calls Peek and Pop,
and Quick Actions.

Peek and Pop lets you preview content without opening a message or e-mail. For
example, press lightly on an e-mail to see the content and let go if the content
does not interest you. It also lets you preview photos by lightly pressing the
thumbnail image while still in camera mode. You can swipe left to review the
photos. Just lift your finger to return to taking photos.

Quick Actions works like the regular right mouse click. With supported apps in
the Home Screen, it will call up a shortcut with different options. For example,
press hard on the Camera app icon and you will feel a haptic feedback, followed
by the appearance of a window showing options like Take Selfie or Record Video.

It all feels intuitive and I got the hang of how much force to apply with just a
few tries. The feature worked like a charm even after I installed screen
protectors.

CAMERA AND LIVE PHOTOS

Both iPhones feature an improved 12-megapixel rear camera (up from 8-megapixel
previously) that shoots 4K (3,840 x 2,160 pixels) videos.

Selfie lovers will like that the front-facing camera has been upgraded to 5
megapixels (from 1.2 megapixels previously). This camera uses the phone's
display as a flash, a feature which Apple calls Retina flash.

The main difference between the cameras of the new iPhones remains the presence
of an optical image stabiliser (OIS) in the iPhone 6s Plus. OIS compensates for
camera shake and yields sharper images, especially under dim conditions when
exposure times would be longer.

It also makes videos appear less jerky. Comparing 4K videos I shot while
walking, the ones taken with the iPhone 6s Plus were less shaky.

There is a new camera function called Live Photos in both iPhones. It is enabled
by default in the camera but you can disable it if you prefer so. When you take
a photo, you get one still image, as well as animated footage - or "moments" -
spanning 1.5 seconds before and after the picture is taken. During preview on
the phone, just press a little harder on the screen to see those moments.

You might find your initial tries at this function to be quite hilarious though,
as final moments tend to be when you put down the phone. The trick is to wait
for the word "Live" on the camera app to disappear before you put down the
phone.

Pictures and videos shot with the iPhones are excellent, with crisp details and
minimal noise. And unlike some smartphones, images are not marred by overzealous
sharpening.

To compare their cameras, I used the phones to take a series of the same scenes.
Images taken with the iPhone 6s Plus showed marginally more accurate colours and
exposure levels.

Selfie lovers will love the sharper details of the new front camera. The Retina
flash worked well. Unlike the unnatural spot-lit effect with most phone camera
flashes, skin tones were natural with these phones.

BATTERY LIFE

To stress-test the battery, I looped a 720p video at full brightness and full
volume, and with Wi-Fi on.

The iPhone 6s lasted 6hr 50min, while the iPhone 6s Plus lasted 7hr 10min. The
iPhone 6s lasted around the same time as the iPhone 6, while the iPhone 6s Plus
lasted 25min less than its predecessor.

Under normal use, both phones should be able to last a working day.

·Verdict: If you are still using the iPhone 5s, you definitely have to upgrade
to the Apple iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus. Even if you are using the previous
models, the 3D Touch feature and better cameras are well worth the upgrade.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Apple iPhone 6s, in four colours, has put on 14g but is still great
to hold and handle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Comparison: Huawei Mate 8 vs Apple iPhone 6s

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 195 words


Huawei unveiled its much awaited flagship smartphone Mate 8 at CES 2016. The
handset claims to deliver great performance and battery life as compared its
rivals from Apple and Samsung.

Here is a complete comparison between Huawei Mate 8 and one of its competitor
Apple iPhone 6s.

Display Huawei Mate 8: 6-inch Full HD display Apple iPhone 6s: 4.7-inch

Operating system Huawei Mate 8: Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) Apple iPhone 6s: iOS 9

Processor Huawei Mate 8: octa-core Kirin 950 processor Apple iPhone 6s:
dual-core processor

Storage Huawei Mate 8: 32GB/64GB expandable up to 128GB Apple iPhone 6s:
16GB/62GB/128GB

RAM Huawei Mate 8: 3GB/4GB Apple iPhone 6s: 2GB

Camera Huawei Mate 8: 16MP rear camera with phase detection autofocus, dual-LED
flash, 8MP front camera Apple iPhone 6s: 12MP rear camera with phase detection
autofocus, dual-LED flash, 5MP front camera

Connectivity Huawei Mate 8: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, WiFi Direct, hotspot, NFC,
Bluetooth, GPS Apple iPhone 6s: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, hotspot, Bluetooth,
GPS, GLONASS

Battery Huawei Mate 8: 4,000 mAh Apple iPhone 6s: 1,715 mAh

Price Huawei Mate 8: $650 Apple iPhone 6s: Rs 46,499

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 29, 2016 Monday 09:40 AM EST

iPhone 6s owners won't care if the iPhone 7 is faster

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 644  words


Click for image

iPhone 6s users won't care that the iPhone 7 will be much faster. Its A10 SoC
that will power the iPhone 7 will be much faster based on projecting the
Geekbench3 benchmarks of the A10's predecessors by Primate Labs. On average, the
A10 could be 50% faster than the A9. But for most apps, iPhone 6s users won't
perceive the speed.

Benchmarks don't matter, Visual Reaction Time does

Benchmarks like the one run by Primate Labs below are useful for comparing
processors but not application performance. Benchmarks do not account for the
user's interaction with the device. The A10 performance projections were made
based on the average incremental performance improvement of A6 through A9.

How Visual Response Time was measured

YouTube game reviewer Mad Matt TV posted two videos showing speed comparisons
between the iPhone 6 Plus and the iPhone 6s Plus: one that compared the
execution time of various apps, and the other that showed the time for the
fingerprint reader Touch-Id to unlock both devices. There's no question that in
most tests the 6s Plus won, but except for a few apps, users won't perceive the
difference.

The chart at the top of the story compares the difference in load times of the
apps on the iPhone 6s Plus to its predecessor the 6 Plus. The comparison of the
performance of the iPhone 6 and 6s can be expected to be very close. The
difference is measured by comparing the completion times of the app load times
in the videos measured in hundredths of seconds. To give the response times
context , the red line represents the mean visual reaction time (331
milliseconds, or about one-third of a second; 331 milliseconds was cited as the
mean visual reaction time in a paper titled Comparison between Auditory and
Visual Simple Reaction Times in Neuroscience & Medicine.) Visual reaction time
is the time to perceive a visual stimulus and react, which researchers generally
peg at 300 to 500 milliseconds. If you want to explore this idea further, you
can test your visual reaction time on this website.

The performance differences in three apps were below the visual reaction time,
and two more were near the visual reaction time. Only three apps, Apple App
Store, Apple Maps and Angry Birds ran perceptively faster.

With a few exceptions such as high-end games, app developers don't build apps to
take advantage of the fastest, newest phones. Quite the contrary, they optimize
apps to run well on most phones shipped during the last two years. A recent
visit to Facebook's automated mobile testing lab showed how Facebook monitors
and tests new software releases to make sure that performance doesn't become
sluggish or battery draining.

+ ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD iPhone 7 rumored to feature fast-charging capability +

There is too much competition among app developers to let app performance drift
because users will uninstall the offending app and install a better performing
one like it. In most cases, the speed and performance differences between the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s are barely perceptible. The performance of the iPhone 7
compared to the iPhone 6s will probably be the same, meaning iPhone 6s users
will need other incentives than performance to upgrade.

Apple will need to offer other incentives to motivate iPhone 6s users to upgrade

The iPhone 7, like its predecessors, will be beautifully designed. The new
design and probably a new color will show that a user has bought the newest most
fashionable iPhone. Buying an iPhone 7 is a waste of money for iPhone 6s users
unless they have opted into the one-year upgrade plan when they bought the
iPhone 6s.

On Sept. 7, Apple will tout the A10's feature size shrink to 14-nm, faster clock
rate, and benchmarks, not the barely imperceptible app performance compared to
its predecessor. Apple isn't growing the number of users of its phones, so it
has to convince them to upgrade.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            November 2, 2015 Monday

Globe, Smart to start selling new iPhones

BYLINE: MARIA LAURA ANGELES

LENGTH: 209 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

Apple Inc.'s (Apple) latest iPhones are set to hit the Philippine market with
the country's two leading telecommunications companies offering postpaid plans
for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus starting Friday, November 6.

Over the weekend, Globe Telecoms (Globe) and Smart Communications (Smart)
announced that they are putting the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus out in the market this
coming Friday.

Globe senior vice president for consumer mobile marketing Issa Cabriera said,
"We are very excited to be offering the new iPhones in the Philippines"

Smart is offering the new 16GB iPhone 6s for free under Plan 2000 on a 30-month
contract inclusive of a super-sized 10GB data allowance.

The 16GB iPhone 6s Plus comes free with Plan 2499 under a 30-month term contract
inclusive of 15GB data allowance.

The latest iPhones will also be available via Smart Infinity, Smart's premium
postpaid brand, where members can get complimentary iPhone 6s 128GB under
Infinity Consumable Plan 5000 or two units of iPhone 6S 16GB under Consumable
LTE Plan 8000.

Globe is offering the 16GB iPhone 6s under Plan 1799 with a P450 monthly
cash-out, while the 16GB iPhone 6s Plus is available on Plan 1799 with P650
monthly cash-out.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                      October 12, 2015 Monday 9:55 AM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             chesterchronicle.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCHEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                       October 9, 2015 Friday 2:26 PM GMT

How much are iPhone 6s and 6s Plus price plans? Find out which network is the
cheapest;
If you're after an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you'll want to know the cheapest and
best deals on offer from the likes of O2, EE, Three and Vodafone

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 708 words


The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are available now, and we've got a breakdown of the
best deals that the networks are offering right now.

The new handsets were released in the UK just weeks ago and if you want to get
your hands on one now, or in time for Christmas, you'll want to find the best
deal.

For the handsets alone, without a fixed monthly contract, prices for the iPhone
6s start from £539 and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Pricey! But with networks including O2, EE, Three and Vodafone offering various
deals for 24-month contracts, a new shiny handset could be yours sooner than you
think.

For the iPhone 6s, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Three and is over 24
months.

You'll pay £38 per month and an initial £99 upfront for a 16GB handset, with the
plan including 1GB of data and unlimited calls and texts.

For the iPhone 6s Plus, the cheapest pay monthly tariff is with Vodafone and is
over 24 months.

You'll pay £41 per month and an initial £169 upfront cost for a 16GB handset.
The plan includes 500 minutes, unlimited texts and 500MB of data.

If you would rather pay less upfront and more per month, then the network with
the lowest upfront cost for an iPhone 6s is Vodafone .

You can pay just £9 upfront and £54 per month over 24 months for the 16GB
handset, unlimited minutes and texts and 10GB data.

The network with the lowest upfront cost the iPhone 6s Plus is also Vodafone for
just £9, but you'll pay £64 per month for 24 months.

This plan includes 15GB data and unlimited calls and texts.

O2 is the network with the second lowest upfront cost. You'll pay an initial fee
of £9.99 and then £59 per month for 24 months. This plan includes 20GB data and
unlimited calls and texts.

If you would prefer to stick with your current network, here is the full list of
all the networks and plans available:

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

4GB

1000 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

O2

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£49.99

£49.99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£49.99

20GB

Unlimited-Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£39.99

£139.99

1GB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£59

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46

£29.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£43

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£38

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s plans at Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£9

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£65

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£36

£149

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited texts

24 months

The cheapest plans for iPhone 6s Plus

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

EE

£44.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

O2

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Three

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Vodafone

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for EE

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54.99

£69.99

10GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£54.99

£89.99

20GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£46.99

£179.99

2GB

1000/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for O2

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£64

£9.99

30GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£51

£9.99

3GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Three

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£48

£99

4GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£43

£99

1GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

All iPhone 6s Plus plans for Vodafone

Monthly

Upfront

Data

Minutes/Texts

Contract (months)

They recommend

£54

£19

6GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Best for data

£70

£9

25GB

Unlimited/Unlimited

24 months

Cheapest monthly

£41

£169

500MB

500 mins/Unlimited

24 months

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        July 6, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6s May Have A 12MP Rear Camera And A 5MP Front Shooter

LENGTH: 271  words


A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

Monday, July 06, 2015: By now, we all know that Apple is working on a new
metal-clad iPhone, called iPhone 6S. The smartphone will, reportedly, target the
budget segment smartphone owners. A lot is being speculated about the device
already. A latest report about iPhone 6S reveals that Apple will fit a 12 MP
rear-facing camera and a 5MP front-facing shooter in the smartphone.

It should be noted that Apple had launched the last generation iPhones, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6Plus in the month of September last year. Going by the
company's timing, the latest launch date seems to be approaching fast, and the
Cupertino-based company is reportedly gearing up for the launch.

A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The information in the documents leaked by a
Foxconn employee states that the upcoming iPhone could features a 12MP rear
camera with the ability of 4K video recording and 240 fps slow-motion video
recording. With the upcoming 5Mp front shooter, Apple seems to be taking the
selfie smartphone market seriously.

Within Foxconn, who is the manufacturing the devices, the iPhone 6S is known as
N66 while the iPhone 6S Plus is called the N71. Both the devices are expected to
feature a 2GB RAM and run on Apple's new A9 chip. Apple will reportedly use the
ForceTouch display, that provides additional menu of options. Along with the
stronger aluminium body, the company might introduce the upcoming smartphones in
Pink or Rose Gold colour variants.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright 2016 News Bites Pty Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           Daily Securities Dashboard

                                February 5, 2016

                             ASBISc Enterprises PLC

              43 Kolonakiou Street Diamond Court Ayios Athanasios
                             Limassol, 4103 Cyprus
                                     Poland

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +357 2 585 7000
FAX: +357 2 585 7288
URL: http://www.asbis.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: ASB
ISIN: CY1000031710

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

NAME           DESIGNATION    APPOINTMENT    SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
                              DATE
Ks Holdings    Chairman       -              Siarhei Kostevitch is the CEO,
Limited                                      President and Founder of the
                                             Group. He established a business
                                             of design and manufacturing in
                                             1990 in Minsk, Belarus, and within
                                             15 years built it into the leading
                                             computer component distributor in
                                             Eastern Europe and former Soviet
                                             Union. Siarhei received a Master's
                                             degree in radio engineering design
                                             at the Radio Engineering
                                             University of Minsk in 1987.
                                             Between 1987 and 1992, Siarhei
                                             worked as a member of the Research
                                             Centre at the Radio Engineering
                                             University in Minsk, where he
                                             published a series of articles on
                                             microelectronics design in local
                                             and world-wide specialist
                                             magazines. Responsibilities:
                                             Siarhei Kostevitch is primarily
                                             responsible for carrying out
                                             strategic plans and policies as
                                             established by the Board of
                                             Directors. He directs and executes
                                             all activities of the company
                                             either directly or through
                                             delegated authority. Siarhei
                                             provides leadership in the
                                             creation of strategic, tactical,
                                             and financial plans, as well as in
                                             developing goals and measuring
                                             performance to the approved goals,
                                             and in organizational development.

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Asbisc Enterprises Plc, along with its subsidiaries, is engaged in the trading
and distribution of computer hardware and software. The ultimate holding company
of Asbisc Enterprises Plc and its subsidiaries is K.S. Holdings Limited.
INDUSTRY TYPE: Retail sector

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

DESCRIPTION                           PERIOD ENDING
(All amounts in PLN)                     12/31/2011
Sales                                 1,920,430,000
Gross Profit                             87,748,610
Total Revenue                         1,551,170,250
Interest                                 13,040,950
Net Profit                                  950,990
Earnings Before Interest                 14,295,940
and Tax
Tax                                         276,070
Working Capital                          77,302,780
Shareholders Funds                      103,471,910
Net Tangible Assets                     102,033,440
Net Assets                              103,471,910
Current Assets                          464,705,900
Total Assets                            493,160,130
Current Liabilities                     387,403,120
Current Debt                             99,262,560
Non-Current Debt                          1,615,710
Total Liabilities                       389,688,220
Total Debt                              100,878,270
Total Investing Cashflow                 -1,562,600
Total Financial Cashflow                -11,320,110
Net Operating Cashflow                   41,808,790

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *

Earnings Per Share                          0.02
Adjusted earnings Per Share                 0.02
Return on Assets (%)                        0.19
Return on Equity (%)                        0.92
Sales Margin (%)                            0.06
Total Debt / Equity (Ratio)                 0.97
Interest Cover equals Earnings               1.1
Before Interest and Tax/Interest
Current Ratio defined by Current             1.2
Assets/Current Liabilities (times)
Return on Capital Employed (%)             13.52
Sector Value on ROA                         0.19
Sector Value on ROE                         0.92
Sector Value on ROCE                       13.52
Earnings Per Share Growth (%)                -93

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE:
PRIMARY EXCHANGE:  Warsaw
SHAREHOLDERS:

SHAREHOLDER NAME         NO. OF SHARES  PERCENT HELD
Ks Holdings Limited          22,676,361          40.86

EPS: PLN 0
ADDITIONAL DIVIDEND INFORMATION:
DIVIDEND RECORD
VALUE     TYPE      EX-DIVIDEND-DATE    RECORD DATE    DATE PAYABLE   CURRENCY
-         Final     -                   -              -                    PLN

PRICES (PLN):
OPEN PRICE OF THE DAY: 1.41
HIGH PRICE OF THE DAY: 1.45
LOW PRICE OF THE DAY: 1.41
CLOSE PRICE OF THE DAY: 1.45
BID PRICE: 4.20
ASK PRICE: 4.21
TOTAL SHARES ON ISSUE: 55,500,000
MARKET CAPITALIZATION (PLN):
MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 8.05
MCAP CHANGE ACTUAL: -555,000
MCAP CHANGE: -0.68%
HIGH PRICE (PLN):
52 WEEKS HIGH PRICE: 2.48
1 WEEK HIGH PRICE: 2.95
1 MONTH HIGH PRICE: 1.47
3 MONTHS HIGH PRICE: 2.95
LOW PRICE (PLN):
52 WEEKS LOW PRICE: 0.65
1 WEEK LOW PRICE: 2.69
1 MONTH LOW PRICE: 0.89
3 MONTHS LOW PRICE: 2.10
VOLUME AND TURNOVER:
TURNOVER PERIOD: 0.50
TURNOVER RATE: 199.19%
TURNOVER: 150611.50
VOLUME: 103,870
AVERAGE DAILY VOLUME TRADED: 535,269
PRICE CHANGE (PLN):
PRICE CHANGE: -0.01
PRICE CHANGE PERCENTAGE: -0.68
BID ASK SPREAD: 0.66
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE PER WEEK: -0.01
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING WEEK: 29.46
PRICE CHANGE TRAILING ABSOLUTE 1 MONTH: 0.15
PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 11.54
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 3 MONTH: 0.34
PRICE CHANGE 3 MONTHS: -4.61
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 6 MONTHS: 0.65
PRICE CHANGE 6 MONTHS: 81.25
PRICE CHANGE ABSOLUTE 1 YEAR: -0.36
PRICE CHANGE 1 YEAR: -19.89
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE (PLN):
VOLUME WEIGHTED PRICE 5-DAY: 1.38
PRICE TO VWP 5-DAY: 1.05
PREMIUM TO VWP 5-DAY: 5.20%
DISCOUNT TO VWP 5-DAY: 4.31%
VWP 1 MONTH: 1.20
PRICE TO VWP 1-MONTH: 1.21
DISCOUNT TO HIGH:
DISCOUNT TO HIGH TODAY: 0.68%
DTH TO 52 WK HIGH PRICE: 41.53%
PREMIUM TO LOW:
PREMIUM TO LOW TODAY: 2.84%
PREMIUM TO LOW TO 52-WK HIGH PRICE: 123.08%
$1000 VALUE:
              PRESENT     CAPITAL    DIVIDEND      TOTAL
             VALUE OF      GAIN     REINVESTED   RETURN TO
               $1000                   VALUE    SHAREHOLDER
                                                     S
1 WEEK         1,160.38      294.64       40.66           -
5 WEEKS        1,115.38      115.38       29.27           -
13 WEEKS       1,271.93      271.93       30.95           -
1 MONTH        1,115.38      115.38       35.77           -
3 MONTHS         953.95         -46       30.95           -
6 MONTHS        1,812.5       812.5       17.41           -
1 YEAR            801.1        -199       12.71         -60
2 YEARS          247.67        -764       11.44           -
3 YEARS          527.46        -512       39.21         -19
5 YEARS          494.29        -567       61.06         -13

CREATED MARKET VALUE:
CMV VALUE: 888,836
CMV MULTIPLIER: 1.02
RETAINED EARNINGS: 56,276,164
MCAP 5-YEAR BACK: 107,670,000
LATEST DAY'S MARKET CAPITALIZATION: 164,835,000
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE (PLN):
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.16
LATEST PRICE / EXPONENTIAL MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 200 DAYS: 1.25
MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 1.34
LATEST PRICE / MOVING AVERAGE PRICE FOR 50 DAYS: 1.08
MAP200 TODAY MINUS MAP200 YESTERDAY: -0.01
MAP50 TODAY MINUS MAP50 YESTERDAY: -0.01
VOLUME INDEX:
VOLUME INDEX: 0.19
VOLUME INDEX 3 DAYS: 0.31
VOLUME INDEX 5 DAYS: 1.39
VOLUME INDEX 30 DAYS: 0.81
VOLUME INDEX 90 DAYS: 0.66
VOLATILITY:
VOLATILITY: 2.84
PAST 3 DAYS' VOLATILITY: 6.23
PAST 1 WEEK'S VOLATILITY: 9.67
TRAILING MONTH'S VOLATILITY: 65.17
TRAILING 3 MONTHS' VOLATILITY: 40.48
TRAILING 1 YEAR'S VOLATILITY: 281.54
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE:
RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -0.38
3 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -5.33
5 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 28.27
30 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 12.39
90 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 5.21
180 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: 95.93
360 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -5.73
1080 DAYS RELATIVE PRICE CHANGE: -47.01
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK:
PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 67.29
5 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 98.34
30 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 85.45
90 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 61.11
180 DAYS PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 97.56
1 YEAR PRICE PERCENTILE RANK: 35.09
NOTICEABLE MOVES:
NUMBER OF DAYS HIGH: 1
NUMBER OF DAYS LOW: 1
AGGREGATE VOLUME: 103,870
HIGHEST ACTUAL RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 0.34
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 32.56
SECOND HIGHEST ABSOLUTE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 0.30
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE RISE IN 52 WEEKS: 28.81
HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -0.52
HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -30.77
SECOND HIGHEST FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -0.23
SECOND HIGHEST PERCENTAGE FALL IN 52 WEEKS: -13.70
REPORTED BUYING AND SELLING
DIRECTOR       TRANSACTION    TRANSACTION  NO. OF SHARES PRICE IN $ VALUE IN $
                      DATE           TYPE
-                        -              -     22,676,361          -       0.16

TECHNICAL INDICATORS:
BETA: 0.43
WILLIAM PERCENT R: -3.45
SECTOR VALUE OF RELATIVE STRENGTH INDEX: 64.11
SECTOR VALUE OF WILLIAMS % R: 8.74
SECTOR VALUE OF PEMAP50: 1
SECTOR VALUE OF MOVING AVERAGE CONVERGENCE AND DIVERGENCE: 114.48
SECTOR VALUE OF PMAP 200days: 0.91
SECTOR VALUE OF PV1000_1yr: 1072.74
SECTOR VALUE OF PPR 180Days: 43.65
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER: -0.32
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE PER WEEK: 3.72
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE CHANGE 1 MONTH: 1.13
FUNDAMENTAL:
PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 0.20
PRICE TO SALES: 0.11
YIELD: 19.84%
EARNING YIELD: 4.68%
PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.20
RETURN ON ASSETS: 1.79%
RETURN ON EQUITY: 8.79%
EARNINGS PER SHARE GROWTH: 1.47
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS: 22.40
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO BOOK VALUE: 2.98
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE TO SALES: 0.50
SECTOR VALUE OF YIELD: 1.37%
SECTOR VALUE OF PRICE EARNINGS GROWTH: 0.39
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON ASSETS: 4.45%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON EQUITY: 11.34%
SECTOR VALUE OF RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED: 9.13%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNINGS PER SHARE Growth: 29.16%
SECTOR VALUE OF EARNING YIELD: 22.50%
ADDITIONAL CHARTS:
PRESENT VALUE CHARTS
Price Change Percent Chart
Present Value Charts for 1 year
Moving Average Convergence and Diversions
Volatility Chart
Commodity Channel Index Chart
Top 20 Shareholders Chart
High, Low and Close Price Chart for 1 year
TECHNICAL CHARTS
William % R chart
Price / Moving Average Price Chart
Volume Weighted Price Chart
Relative Strength Index Chart
Bollinger Band Chart
OPEN INTEREST AND OPTION CHARTS
SHAREHOLDER RETURN
Present Value Charts for 1 year - Waterfall
Chart

RELATIVE STRENGTH INDICATOR: 71.43
BULLISH BEARISH SIGNALS:
DATE      HEADLINE      CLOSE      XMONTH     XMONTH LOW TOP RISE   STEEPEST
                        PRICE      HIGH                             FALL
Fri, Jan  ASBISc              2.95
11        Enterprises
          falls for a
          fourth
          consecutive
          day, a four
          day fall of
          6.9%.

DATE    HEADLINE CLOSE    XMONTH   XMONTH   TOP RISE SECOND   STEEPEST SECOND
                 PRICE    HIGH     LOW               HIGHEST  FALL     HIGHEST
                                                     RISE              FALL
Thu,    Asbis        2.95 two-mont two-mont ASBISc   ASBISc   ASBISc   ASBISc
Jul 05  Nominate          h High   h Low    Enterpri Enterpri Enterpri Enterpri
        d for                               ses hits ses      ses      ses
        'ECA                                two-year strength declines declines
        2012                                high.    ens      2.5% to  2.5% to
        Awards'                                      above    PLN3.09  PLN3.09
                                                     Moving   on low   on low
                                                     Average  volume,  volume,
                                                     Price    ending a ending a
                                                     (MAP).   two-day  two-day
                                                              streak   streak
                                                              of       of
                                                              rises.   rises.

 * * * * * * * * * * ANNOUNCEMENTS * * * * * * * * * *
EXTRA ORDINARY / SPECIAL SHAREHOLDER MEETING

   New iPhone models including iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in
consumer electronics and IT retail stores, mobile phones reseller networks and
Apple Premium Reseller stores in Kazakhstan beginning October 16, 2015 and
October 23, 2015 in Belarus, Moldova and the Ukraine.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus add a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch technology, which senses force
to enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion.

   Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new iPhones are powered
by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone,
delivering faster performance and great battery life.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the
strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used
in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose
gold.

   iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. The foundation of iOS is
even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and
advanced security features to further protect your devices.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://investor.asbis.com/news/press/ASBIS-starts-distribution-of-new-
iPhone-6s-models-ru" >Company Website</a>

RESULT DECLARATION DATE / OTHER EVENTS

   Limassol, Cyprus, May 7th, 2015 - ASBISc Enterprises Plc, a leading
distributor of IT products in the emerging markets of Europe, the Middle East
and Africa, has announced its results for Q1 2015.

   Revenues decreased by 17.69% to USD 281.8m, from USD 342.4m in Q1 2014,
mostly due to lower market demand in many geographies and strong competition on
the own brands business. Gross profit decreased to USD 6.9m, from USD 22.2m in
Q1 2014, due to lower revenues and one-off events: clearing of inventories at
lower prices and warranty losses.

   The company continued to reduce its expenses, cutting admin, selling and
financial costs by 29.64%, 12.60% and 37.59% respectively. This was not enough
however to fully offset the decrease in gross profit. As a result, in Q1 2015
the company generated a net loss after taxation of USD 12.4m, in comparison to a
net loss after taxation of USD 3.4m in Q1 2014.

   Although continuation of unfavourable market conditions in the Former Soviet
Union is expected for the rest of this year, the company observes improvement in
other regions, and expects revenues and gross profit to start growing from Q2
2015 and the overall results to further improve in the second half of the year,
as was the case in 2014.

   Siarhei Kostevitch, CEO and Chairman of ASBISc Enterprises Plc, commented:
"We were prepared for a much better quarter in terms of sales. However, due to
market weakness, a lot of customers postponed new orders while they were
flushing out old stocks. This resulted in lower sales and a lower gross profit.
Sales at lower prices also contributed to this decrease. Our results have been
also affected by warranty losses."

   Kostevitch continued: "The inventory sell-out and warranty losses cost us
about USD 7.1m. While we expect the F.S.U. market to remain weak this year, we
have changed our inventory plans, taken actions to resolve warranty claims, and
revised our credit risk policy. As a result, we do not expect all these factors
that affected our Q1 2015 results to happen again in the future. Our revenues
and gross profit margin are expected to start growing from Q2 2015, with
significant improvement expected to be delivered in the second half of the
year."

   <link>http://investor.asbis.com/news/press/ASBIS-Group-in-q1-2015</link>

   Source: Company Website

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

   ASBISc Enterprises has announced its Annual General Meeting will take place
on June 23, 2015.

OTHERS

   New iPhone models including iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in
consumer electronics and IT retail stores, mobile phones reseller networks and
Apple Premium Reseller stores in Kazakhstan beginning October 16, 2015 and
October 23, 2015 in Belarus, Moldova and the Ukraine.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus add a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch technology, which senses force
to enable intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus also introduce a transformative new approach to
photography called Live Photos, bringing still images to life by capturing a
moment in motion.

   Live Photos, 3D Touch and other advancements in the new iPhones are powered
by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip ever in a smartphone,
delivering faster performance and great battery life.

   iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays made from the
strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used
in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose
gold.

   iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. The foundation of iOS is
even stronger with software updates that require less space to install and
advanced security features to further protect your devices.

   Source: <a target=_blank
href="http://investor.asbis.com/news/press/ASBIS-starts-distribution-of-new-
iPhone-6s-models-ru" >Company Website</a>

COMPANY RELEASE

   Limassol, Cyprus, May 7th, 2015 - ASBISc Enterprises Plc, a leading
distributor of IT products in the emerging markets of Europe, the Middle East
and Africa, has announced its results for Q1 2015.

   <link>http://investor.asbis.com/news/press/ASBIS-Group-in-q1-2015</link>

   Source: Company Website

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 9:09 AM GMT

Apple Event September 2015: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus revealed with Live Photos, 3D
Touch, and 12MP camera - in pictures;
Updated smartphone includes impressive photo capabilities and new '3D touch'
feature

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 256 words


As expected, Apple have unveiled the latest model of the iPhone at their event
in San Francisco - the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, described by Apple CEO Tim Cook as
"the most advanced iPhones we've ever created".

The latest version of the smartphone promises that, while the new phone is not
the iPhone 7, "the only thing that's different is everything". As well as a new
'Rose Gold' (aka pink) version, the 6S comes with new features including '3D
Touch', and a highly advanced camera.

3D Touch functions as a sort of 'right-click' feature - sensors in the iPhone S6
are able to interpret the amount of force that users exert on the screen and
offers new gestures and functionality depending on how hard the touchscreen is
pressed.

Read more

Apple Event September 2015: new iPad Pro unveiled - in pictures

Apple Event: new iPhone 6S, iPad Pro, and Apple TV revealed

iPhone 6S (or iPhone 7) release date, rumours & new features

The new camera features a huge 12 megapixels, is capable of shooting video in 4K
HD quality at 30fps, and features a new 'True Tone' flash. Also new are 'Live
Photos' - animated images filmed at the same high resolution as stillpictures.

As with the previous iPhone 6, the 6S has a 4.7" screen, and the 6S Plus has a
5.5" screen. It will come with 16GB, 64GB, and 128GB models.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will be available to pre-order from September 12, and
will be released in the UK on September 25.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     September 6, 2015 Sunday 02:39 PM EST

iPhone 7 rumor rollup: Glassy future; fighting for the name 6S

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540  words


Click for image

The clock is ticking to squeeze out rumors about Apple's next iPhones before its
scheduled Sept. 9 news event, and sure enough a few have beaten the deadline.

Although it seems as though many of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus details have
already been leaked (here's a good roundup from NW contributor Yoni Heisler),
from the addition of pressure-sensitive Force Touch to much improved camera
technology. So the latest leaks are actually about the NEXT iPhones, the
purported iPhone 7 of 2016 fame.

INTO THE LOOKING GLASS

DigiTimes reports that its supplier sources say Apple may be going back to
glass-on-glass technology for its iPhone 7 displays, jilting the in-cell
technology that's been used since the iPhone 5 debuted. Among other things, G/G
is said to make it easier to build bezel-free smartphones that can exploit
touch-sensitive technology from edge to edge.

Tech Times, citing the DigiTimes report, adds that G/G technology could help
Apple boost the resolution of its next-generation iPhones:

Moreover, in-cell displays make it harder for Apple to increase the resolution
of its iPhones. The iPhone 6 currently has 750 x 1,334 pixels. Meanwhile, Sony
just unveiled the Xperia Z5 Premium, the first smartphone in the world to sport
a 4K display.

3D Touch Display

It's been expected for some time now that Apple would introduce
pressure-sensitive Force Touch technology into its new iPhones, extending the
capability from the Apple Watch and latest MacBooks. But 9-to-5 Mac writes that
the technology will be improved in the new iPhones, as 3D Touch Display.

According to the blog:

While the MacBook trackpads and Apple Watch sense two levels of pressure, the
differentiation between a tap and a press, the new iPhones will actually sense
three levels of pressure: a tap, a press, and a deeper press, according to
sources.

iPhone Hacks, citing the 9-to-5 report, is most excited about the Taptic Engine,
that can give users physical feedback.

WHO THOUGHT 6S MEANT ANYTHING?

An ad agency with locations in New York City, Toronto and Vancouver called 6S
Marketing is pleading with Apple to not use "6S" as part of its new iPhone model
name, and you know they're serious because they've even carved out the #WeAre6S
hashtag and WeAre6S.com website.

"We named the company 6S because it sounds like 'success,'" explains 6S
Marketing President, Chris Breikss, in a press release. "The name came from a
custom license plate on a Mercedes that my father and I spotted when I was 11
years old - it read SSS SSS. After much deliberation, we realized that
translated to 'six-esses,' or 'successes.' Years later, that eventually became
the name of our company."

No doubt Apple can't match that story with its reasons for naming the phones the
6S and 6S Plus if it indeed does so.

It's true that if you do a Google search on 6S all you come up with is Apple
iPhone 6S rumors. Then again, maybe that's the way it's always been. Though the
ad agency has been using the 6S name since 2000, so maybe it used to pop up for
anyone who would have had any reason to stick that number/letter combo into the
search bar.

6S's publicity campaign (i.e., stunt) includes an open letter to Apple and a
billboard in Times Square.

MORE: Best iPhone 7 design concepts

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 21, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

5 Ways to Get New iPhone at Cheaper Price

LENGTH: 465  words


Here is how you can purchase new iPhone at discounted price!

Wednesday, October 21, 2015: Apple's new generation iPhones are here. iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus bring lots of features to the table. The devices have created enough
buzz in smartphone market. iPhone 6S starts from Rs 62,000 for 16 GB version, 64
GB comes at Rs 72,000 and 128 GB for Rs 82,000. On the other hand, iPhone 6S
Plus 16 GB is available for Rs 72,000, 64 GB for Rs 82,000 and you get 128 GB
version for Rs 92,000. Prices are not expected to go down anytime soon. First
impression is, pricing is way too high. Today we have listed few sweet deals to
purchase these iPhones at cheaper price.

1. Vodafone Deal

Vodafone Mobile is operator locked iPhone 6S and 6S Plus with lucrative deal.
You can get Vodafone benefits of Rs 8,885 for six months with brand new iPhone
6S and 6S Plus. Existing or new Vodafone customers can purchase any of the new
iPhones and get free Vodafone RED 1299 plan. The plan includes 3GB of free 3G
data, 4,000 free local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and national SMSs for
period of six months. Post this limit, you can continue to enjoy data usage at
50p/MB, SMS at 50p/SMS and local voice calls at 50p/min.

2. Airtel Offers

Airtel is offering iPhone infinity plans. The plan includes 60 GB worth 4G data
for 12 months. Which will save your whooping Rs 15,000. The pack also lets you
use Airtel Wynk Music and Movies services. You can make unlimited free calls and
SMS to Airtel numbers. Post these benefit period, you can buy Airtel plans
starting from Rs 999 to Rs 2,999. You can get 5GB of additional data free each
month with any of the plans.

3. Paytm Offers

Online mobile payment wallet, Paytm is offering great discount with new iPhone.
You can get upto Rs 6,000 Paytm cash with new purchase of iPhone from the
website. You have to use the coupon code before placing an order. This means,
you can get iPhone 6S at effective price of Rs 56,000. You can use Paytm cash
only with paytm and associate Paytm vendors. Many third party services like
Uber, BookMyShow are using paytm for payment processing.

4. Indiatimes

Indiatimes is offering iPhone 6S at discounted price. You can buy the brand new
iPhone 6S 16 GB for Rs 60,692/-. That's good discount of Rs 1,308. There is no
discount available for 64 GB version. Indiatimes does not have iPhone 6S Plus
yet.

5. Infibeam

Infibeam is authorized Apple online retailer in India. You can expect to get
number of goodies with Infibeam purchase. With Infibeam's festive offer code -
FESTIVE1500, you can avail discount of Rs 1,500 on each purchase. You can use
MySmartPrice and 91Mobiles and grab additional discount of up to Rs 4,000. If
you choose PayU wallet as payment processor, you can get additional 5% discount
(maximum of Rs 500) in your PayU money wallet.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

The iPhone 6 is better than Apple's latest 6s

BYLINE: TECH JAVED ANWER TALK

LENGTH: 325  words


APPLE'S latest and greatest iPhone - the iPhone 6s - is now available in India.
But just like all shiny Apple products, this iPhone too comes with a hefty price
tag of Rs.62,000. In fact, it is the most expensive iPhone the company has
launched in India so far.

Those who love to splurge on all things Apple will not be deterred. For many
buying something made by Apple is more an act of faith rather than a necessity.
For them no price is high enough. For lesser mortals, who just want a great
phone and seek that greatness in the iPhone, the price sure is a concern.

The solution, however, also comes from Apple. And that is called the iPhone 6,
the device that was launched last year. The iPhone 6s is the latest phone and
hence marginally better than the previous iPhone but the highprice means it is
not the best value. The iPhone 6, which was launched at a price of above
Rs.50,000, is now selling for around Rs.37,000. This makes it an incredible
value.

The interesting bit about the iPhone 6 is that if you opt for it, you don't
really give up much in comparison to the iPhone 6s. The design, size and the
screen of both the devices are same.

Features too are same and with the iPhone 6 you get the same software that you
get with the iPhone 6s. Also, it is sure that you will continue to get the same
features and software with the iPhone 6 that will you get with the iPhone 6s for
at least two years.

The difference, on paper, between the two phones is the core hardware, including
camera. But the iPhone 6 is already a very fast phone so you won't notice any
meaningful difference between it and the iPhone 6s. On the camera part too, same
is true. So far from what we have seen there is very little difference between
the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6s camera performance.

By going with the iPhone 6, you can save almost Rs.25,000. This is a big saving.

More significantly, the iPhone 6 is already so good that it is almost identical
to the iPhone 6s.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Apple iPhone 6S launch: Here's why this firm wants iPhone 7 instead

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 218  words


Apple is all set to launch the new iPhone 6S at an event in San Francisco today
but for one marketing firm, this is not good news. Why? The firm is called 6S
and is now worried that with the launch of the iPhone 6S their own brand name is
under threat.

The marketing firm has even put up billboards in New York requesting Apple to
ditch the iPhone 6S and, instead go with the iPhone 7 branding.

In a blog post (http://www.6smarketing.com/blog/weare6s/), Chris Breikss from 6S
Marketing wrote,"See, our company name is 6S Marketing, but our clients,
friends, and colleagues simply refer to us as good ol' "6S." It's a small name
but a big part of our identity - one we've been using since 2000, when we
started this company in my tiny apartment. At that time, we didn't think that
one of the biggest, and most well-respected, companies would use it to name a
mobile device."

He adds that for them 6S is like a fun take on success.

The post ends, "Hopefully, this message will reach you in time and you'll
reconsider leaving "6S" to the originals - we've been rocking it since the
millennium, after all."

The 6S company has been around since 2000 and they feel that with the iPhone 6S,
their 15 year identity is at stake. For now, it looks unlikely though that the
iPhone 6S will be called anything but the iPhone 6S.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6S models make e-commerce 'debut' @ Rs 1,14,999

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


NEW DELHI: For those not willing to wait, the new iPhone 6S models are already
available in India. But these phones won't come with a company guarantee. Barely
two weeks before the sought-after smartphones hit retail shops in India, Apple
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are available on eBay India and some reseller sites
such as OLX and Quikr for an astounding marked up price.

One can buy an 'imported' iPhone 6S 128GB model for Rs 1,14,999 on ebay.in,
which will be delivered anywhere in India within five to six days of receiving
payment. The seller also offers a six-month seller warranty on the models,
including the iPhone 6S 16GB model for Rs 69,999 and the 64GB variant for Rs
84,999. These are backed by an eBay guarantee.

Another seller on used-goods site Olx. in is offering the iPhone 6S 64GB for Rs
75,000 and promising to ship it within a day, while one on Quikr.com has put a
65,000 tag for the 16GB variant of iPhone 6S Plus.

"There will be no guarantee or warranty on this phone," a seller on Olx.in told
ET. "The phones come from overseas and won't have the standard warranty or
guarantee."

Through this route, the phones have become available in India five days after
the September 25 launch in the US and 11 other countries. The Cupertino-based
smartphone maker had sold over 13 million iPhone 6S and 6S Plus phones over the
first weekend, a record.

The devices will be officially available in retail stores in India on the
intervening night of October 15 and 16. While Apple is yet to announce prices
for India, as per trade estimates, the 16GB iPhone 6S will be priced at Rs
55,000-56,000 and the iPhone 6S Plus 16GB model will be sold for Rs
65,000-66,000.

"We recommend our customers buy Apple branded products from authorized Apple
resellers to ensure they receive the best possible customer service and
post-sales experience. We haven't announced the pricing at this point of time,"
the company said.

Sources at Apple said the phones sold on various websites are imported and don't
carry guarantees. They said buyers would be risking paying all the money upfront
with no guarantee of delivery. OLX did not respond to queries about the listings
on its site.

Quikr said it has a comprehensive policy on its website that outlines the types
of products for which listing or posting of classifieds or information is
prohibited. "We also spend time educating buyers about what to check before
buying the product listed by the seller," Atul Tewari, COO at Quikr, said in an
email.

An eBay India spokesperson clarified that the seller warranty was not akin to
manufacturer warranty.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 14, 2015 Wednesday 1:46 PM GMT

The best iPhone 6s cases;
The newest member of the Apple family line is being snapped up like hot cakes.
If you've welcomed the latest iPhone into your life, you'll need something tough
to pretect it from scuffsand scratches. We've found the best cases to keep your
6S in tip-top condition

BYLINE: Melisha Kaur

SECTION: GADGETS & TECH

LENGTH: 420 words


Your spanking new iPhone 6S is a beautiful thing. But you'll need a protective
case to keep it that way. Drops, scrapes and marks are hard to avoid if you're
always on the go, so we've found some tough covers to safeguard your smartphone
while giving it a stylish finishing touch.

1. Ted Baker iPhone 6/6S Case in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

Featuring a vibrant floral design, this pretty case offers all-round protection
against everyday bumps and scrapes and gives easy access to controls. Selfie
queens can use the built-in mirror before taking a snap and keep their phone in
a handbag without worrying about it getting scratched.

Ted Baker iPhone 6/6S Case in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

£29.95, Proporta,

Buy it now

2. Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

The Simpsons fans can protect their tech with this fun case by Skinnydip London.
The colourful accessory is made with flexible silicone and will cover the back
and sides of your smartphone.

Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

£16, Skinnydip London,

Buy it now

3. Rock Dr.V iPhone 6S/6 View Case in Gold

Perfect for multi-taskers on the go, this sleek gold flip case offers strong
protection for the front and back of your phone and allows you to unlock your
device while it's still closed. The slim cover offers a snug fit and also aids
grip - which is great for those who tend to drop their phones.

Rock Dr.V iPhone 6S/6 View Case in Gold

£19.99, MobileFun,

Buy it now

4. Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

This semi-transparent case may only be 0.4mm thick, but a premium polycarbonate
build and protective urethane coating means it's tough enough to keep your
iPhone safe from knocks and scratches. If you're not keen on the bulk of most
cases, then this lightweight cover is your best bet.

Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

£12.99, Mobile Madhouse,

Buy it now

5. Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6S/6 Case in Mint Green

Give your phone a fresh look with this handsome mint green case. With a striking
hollow maze-inspired design, the hard cover has a raised bezel to shield your
device from scratches and dirt and won't add extra bulk.

Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6S/6 Case in Mint Green

£15, MobileFun,

Buy it now

Follow us on Twitter

@ESLifeandStyle

and on

Facebook

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 22, 2015 Thursday 11:31 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1409 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kerned typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 11:34 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1409 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kerned typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 9:41 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but its short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but it's short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life;
Apple's latest iPhone has a better camera, pressure sensitive 3D Touch screen,
faster processor and quick fingerprint sensor, but lives fast and dies before
bed

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1410 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S is one of only a handful of smaller premium smartphones and
promises fast performance, a great camera and new pressure-sensitive
touchscreen.

In a world of smartphones with screens larger than 5in, the 4.7in iPhone 6S is
in the minority. Most smaller smartphones are cut-down budget models with Sony's
4.6in Xperia Z5 Compact the exception.

Small, sleek but a bit heavier

The iPhone 6S is the spitting image of last year's iPhone 6. Side-to-side,
back-to-back the only visible difference is a small "S" printed on the back and
an extra 0.2mm in thickness. A pink version is also available, of course, if you
want everyone to know you have the very latest smartphone.

At 143g the iPhone 6S is 14g heavier than last year's model and the larger 5.1in
138g Samsung Galaxy S6 and the 138g Sony Xperia Z5 Compact. The difference is
negligible.

It feels reassuringly solid and smooth in the hand compared to the iPhone 6, and
it is slightly less slippery. It's right on the limit of what I can use with one
hand and still reach the top of the screen, which you need to be able to do
within iOS.

The iPhone 6S's screen, with 326 pixels per inch, has a relatively low pixel
density compared to most other flagship smartphones. The denser the pixels, the
crisper the screen appears. Lower density is particularly noticeable around text
and the edges of icons.

The iPhone 6S's 4.7in screen is noticeably less sharp than the 5.5in 401ppi
screen of the iPhone 6S Plus, or the 577ppi 5.1in screen of the Samsung Galaxy
S6.

While it is similar to the Sony Xperia Z5 Compact 's 323ppi screen and you may
not notice the reduced clarity unless you put it side by side with a phone like
the Galaxy S6, it really is time Apple increased the pixel density of its
smaller flagship phone to at least match that of its phablet.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4.7in 750 x 1334 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1mm
     ·    Weight: 143g



As fast as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S has the same dual-core A9 processor and 2GB of RAM as the 6S Plus
and performs similarly.

It's as snappy as an Apple smartphone can currently be, limited by the fixed
duration of iOS 9's animations, all of which are as smooth as they were on the
iPhone 6. It's not nearly as snappy as Samsung's Galaxy S6, which is not held
back by the same animation speed limit.

A couple of larger apps and heavier processes, such as video or photo editing,
are slightly faster to load and get work done than last year's iPhone. Switching
between apps is also slightly faster and the Siri suggest screen on the
left-most homescreen within iOS 9 also loads faster on the iPhone 6S compared to
the iPhone 6.

Apple claims the A9 is 70% faster than last year's A8 but not many apps are
available yet to take advantage of the extra speed.

I found the iPhone 6S became warmer than the iPhone 6S Plus, particularly when
downloading or accessing content via the mobile broadband connection rather than
Wi-Fi.

Call quality was excellent and reliable, with no dropped calls in my testing on
EE's mobile network in London. Wi-Fi calling was also excellent and only took
around a second to log on when connecting to Wi-Fi.

Has anyone got an iPhone charger?

Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest problem. During the week the phone
failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the charger at 7.30am in the morning.

I used the iPhone as my primary device, receiving hundreds of emails and push
notifications, conducting 2.5 hours of browsing, three hours of music playback
via Bluetooth headphones, taking a couple of pictures and playing the odd game
of Angry Birds 2 on the train home.

At the weekend it spent most of the day sitting on a table untouched, but I
still went to bed with only 30% charge left. Apple's new Low Power Mode made
little appreciable difference in real-world use.

Apple has chosen weight and thickness over battery life, which is a poor choice.
Your experience may vary, but I suspect you will have to charge the iPhone 6S
twice a day.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9 pre-installed; the same software that runs on any
iPhone from the 4S and newer. There are a few features such as Live Photos and
always-listening Siri which are exclusive to this year's iPhones.

iOS 9 seems better designed for the smaller phone. For example, menu options to
go back are placed in the top left hand corner, which I can reach with only one
hand. The tightly kernelled typeface San Francisco is also designed to fit more
text on a smaller screen.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

The new pressure-sensitive screen provides options for more gestures based on
pressing harder. Generally this invokes a pop-up menu similar to a right click.
Homescreen icons will show a quick action menu, while Instagram shows recent
photos from users when pressing harder on their username.

The "peek" and "pop" gestures, as Apple calls them, allow users to preview an
email, for example, without opening it by pushing harder. Releasing and pushing
harder again opens it fully. It's useful in the Calendar app to preview a day in
month view, but 3D Touch lacks any killer features for now.

Touch ID

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor under the home button is much quicker than
Apple's previous efforts, unlocking in under a second and recognising my thumb
99% of the time.

It makes using Apple Pay a lot faster and less clumsy, although some have
complained that you can't see notifications on the lockscreen because it unlocks
too fast. That's what an Apple Watch is for, I suppose, or you could use another
finger.

Taptic Engine

The Taptic Engine creates much sharper, more defined vibrations. It feels great
in the hand, but I found it too weak in the pocket without switching to a much
more aggressive vibration pattern in the Settings app.

Camera

The iPhone 6S's new 12-megapixel camera is one of the best available on a
smartphone, but it is not leagues ahead of the competition anymore and only
slightly improved over the iPhone 6.

Photos are captured with good detail and excellent colour balance. Low light
performance is good too, as is video recording, which is smooth when captured at
60 frames per second.

The lack of optical image stabilisation when compared to the 6S Plus was not
particularly noticeable for normal shots, but video and photos shot in low light
were slightly more shaky and blurred, particularly towards the end of a night
out.

Recording 4K video takes up 300MB of storage space per minute, producing decent
if not exceptional video, while the 3MB Live Photos are an interesting novelty
of which I easily became bored. I ended up shooting more videos after becoming
frustrated with the poor quality and low frame rate of Live Photos.

Price

The iPhone 6S costs £539 for 16GB of storage, £619 for 64GB and £699 for 128GB
in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 costs £400 for 32GB of storage and
Sony Xperia Z5 Compact is available for pre-order costing £450 for 32GB with
expansion support.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S has the potential to be the best smaller smartphone on the market,
but it's short battery life is deeply frustrating.

Apple's iOS 9 fits and works better on the 4.7in screen than on the larger
iPhone 6S Plus, the bezels and size of the device compared to the screen are
more suited to the smaller size and it feels great in the hand.

But it can't get you home on a night out, it can't pull double duty as a camera
on holiday and it can't be a commuter's boredom destroyer without a top up
during the day.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, Taptic Engine, solid build, great
feeling  Cons: poor battery life of less than a day, expensive, 16GB is not
enough storage, no OIS like the 6S Plus, vibration not intense enough to
reliably notice incoming texts

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 review: the iPhone killer
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge review: curves for pleasure, not function
     ·    Huawei P8 review: thin, powerful and undercuts the competition


LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Globe to offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

SECTION: Pg. S2/8

LENGTH: 130 words


GLOBE TELECOM announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most
advanced iPhones ever, beginning on Nov. 6.

iPhone 6s 16GB will be available on Plan 1799 with P450 monthly cashout. iPhone
6s Plus 16GB will also be available on Plan 1799 with P650 monthly cashout.
iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 5s will also be available.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses force to enable
intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content.

On Plan 1799, customers can enjoy a best-value postpaid plan package with bigger
data allocation and free access to exclusive content for a complete digital
experience.

For more information on iPhone, visit www.apple.com/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Why You May Want a Smaller iPhone

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; TECH FIX; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1174 words


It is hard to turn back after going big. When people moved up to big-screen
televisions, nobody wanted to switch back to small TVs. Larger computer monitors
have also ruined smaller screens for many people.

So who would want a more petite iPhone?

Plenty of people, it turns out. Even though Apple's newer iPhones skew larger --
the screen sizes on the devices range from 4.7 inches to 5.5 inches, up from
four inches for older models like the iPhone 5 and 5S -- more than 30 million
consumers bought the older four-inch iPhones last year, according to Apple.

''Some people even pleaded with us to please keep the four-inch products,'' said
Greg Joswiak, an Apple executive, during the company's product event on Monday.

So this week, Apple introduced the iPhone SE, a souped-up version of the
four-inch iPhone, which will be released on March 31. The iPhone SE, put simply,
looks and feels just like the iPhone 5S released in 2013, but it has most of the
guts of the iPhone 6S, which made its debut two years later.

Readers had plenty of questions about the small iPhone. Here are my answers to
some of those that were most frequently asked, along with my impressions of the
device after testing it for a day.

Does the iPhone SE have all the bells and whistles of the iPhone 6S, just
smaller? -- Joseph Kaplan, Maryland

It has most of the bells and whistles, but some features were left out.

The iPhone SE has the same processor (called A9) as the 6S, meaning it will be
just as fast. (In my speed tests using the app Geekbench, the SE was slightly
faster than the 6S.) The small iPhone has the same superb camera as the 6S,
along with the ability to shoot Live Photos, or photos that turn into miniature
videos, and support for Apple Pay, the mobile payments system. The phones also
support the same basic connections: the Lightning port for power cables and a
standard headphone jack for audio accessories.

However, the SE lacks a number of attributes of the 6S. It does not have 3D
Touch, the feature that lets you control some software by exerting pressure on
the touch screen. The SE also has a lower-quality front-facing camera (meaning
your selfies will come out grainier) and a slower fingerprint sensor compared
with the 6S. Last but not least, from side-by-side comparisons, the SE's screen
isn't as bright or as vibrant as the 6S display.

Why were some 6S features left out of the SE?

Apple says it left some of the 6S components out of the SE largely to fit within
the design constraints of the smaller body. Components like 3D Touch would have
added thickness to the device, which probably would have made it unattractive.

Will a new iPhone SE fit into the very expensive LifeProof case I have been
using for my iPhone 5C? -- Robert Di Stasio, Vista, N.Y.

The SE will fit snugly in older cases designed for the iPhone 5 and the iPhone
5S. But cases for other iPhones, including the 5C, the colorful four-inch iPhone
with a plastic body, will not fit the SE properly, according to Apple.

Is there any advantage to buying the iPhone SE outright as opposed to going on
an installment plan? -- Joseph Kaplan, Maryland

Yes, but only for the sake of reducing confusion, not for the sake of saving
money. The SE's starting price is $399. On an installment plan, like AT&T's Next
24 plan, you could pay $13.30 a month for 30 months with the option to upgrade
to a new phone after 24 months.

If you want to avoid getting lost in the maze of smartphone payment plans, I
recommend paying for the SE outright. Doing that will give you the flexibility
of trading in your phone, and upgrading to a new phone or switching to another
carrier, whenever you want.

But if you don't have that much money to spend right away, installment plans are
a safe bet because they incur zero interest fees, meaning it makes no difference
financially to pay the full $399 upfront or spread out the cost over a year or
two.

Who is a smaller iPhone for?

A few categories of consumers come to mind for the SE:

1. Obsessive emailers or social media users who like the ability to quickly type
or juggle between apps with one hand. The smaller iPhone is better suited than
larger phones for one-handed use. In my tests, I could type the full alphabet
with one hand on a SE about three seconds faster than I could on a 6S. On a 6S,
using the phone with one hand is manageable, but all the thumb-reaching can
become tiring when using apps; on a 6S Plus, typing with one hand just isn't
doable unless you're one of those giants in ''Game of Thrones.''

2. Parents who want to buy cheaper smartphones for their teenagers. The $399
starting price for the SE is considerably lower than the $650 starting price for
the 6S. If you're looking to save a few hundred bucks by buying your children
smaller iPhones, they probably wouldn't loathe you much. (Because the SE's
front-facing camera isn't as good as the one on the 6S, their selfies will be a
bit blurrier, but they probably won't notice the difference if you don't mention
it.)

3. People who want to spend less time on their smartphones. The larger screens
on the 6S and 6S Plus are enablers for long reading sessions or YouTube
streaming. If you just want a smartphone for getting in and out of quick tasks,
like shooting off an email, the SE's smaller screen can certainly make digital
media less addictive.

I have an iPhone 5S. Should I upgrade to the iPhone SE, or wait for the iPhone
7? -- John Erickson, Nashville

Here's where buyer's advice comes in. When I first heard about a four-inch
iPhone several months ago, I thought I would want to switch back to the smaller
screen because I missed being able to use the iPhone easily with one hand.

But after taking a closer look at the SE side by side with a newer iPhone, the
biggest trade-off is the loss of detail in the SE display's picture. The SE's
screen looks dimmer and the colors are more muted than on the 6S, which
significantly affects the experience of using the phone, for example, looking at
photos or reading web articles. After weighing all the pros and cons (including
the features missing from the SE), I personally would spend a bit more on the
larger iPhone and say goodbye to the glory days of one-handed phones.

But whether you wait for the iPhone 7 or upgrade now to the SE should purely
have to do with your preference for screen size. If you are married to the
four-inch screen, the SE is an excellent upgrade from the four-inch 5S: The SE
is extremely fast, takes nice photos and, ergonomically, is the most comfortable
iPhone to use in the hand and fit inside a pocket.

If you think you are willing to sacrifice the benefits of a smaller screen and
step up to a bigger one, then wait about six months for the next major upgrade
to the bigger iPhone models. Apple typically announces new iPhones in the fall.

What kind of reaction has Apple gotten to the SE so far?

I'm told Mr. Joswiak, who spoke at the Apple event about consumers who were
pleading for a new small phone, got dozens of customer thank-you emails.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/24/technology/personaltech/who-will-like-the-new-
smaller-iphone-se.html

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Timothy Cook, the Apple chief executive, this week in Cupertino,
Calif., at the introduction of new devices, including the more diminutive iPhone
SE. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREW BURTON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B7) DRAWING (DRAWING
BY ANDREW SONDERN/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - pricing at £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 426 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost in the UK - and is the
iPhone 6s any cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is no longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive - pricing at £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 453 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-anticipated launch event in San Francisco
today, the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges -
but this time without the iconic antenna lines.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone

As with the iPhone 6 and 6s, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple has doubled the capacities available when the device
launches.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB, 128GB or
256GB options.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6s when it launched last year for their respective
storage options.

When is the iPhone 7 coming out in the UK? How to pre-order the new Apple
smartphone

However, because the 16GB is no longer available, this means the cheapest option
is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models.

They will be available to pre-order from 9 September before they start shipping
on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so the cheapest
16GB edition of the iPhone 6s is now available for £499 - down from £539
previously.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plushas also been slashed from £619 to £599 for the
16GB model.

The really good news, though, is that Apple has boosted the storage of those
entry-level editions of the 6s and 6s Plus to 32GB - which is much more
practical.

All the UK networks will of course be offering contract deals shortly after the
iPhone 7 announcement, so we'll update this article once we know more.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:34 AM GMT

Apple's new iPhone, iPad and Apple TV explained[#x200b];
Everything you need to know about the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the new iPad
Pro tablet and the changes to Apple TV

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 762 words


Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California last
night.

The tech giants revealed a new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, along with a giant iPad
Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

It's available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

RELATED:  Relive the iPhone, iPad pro and Apple TV live launch

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

RELATED: This simple trick will help you find out how strong your iPhone signal
really is

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October.

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

Will you be first in the queue for Apple's latest gadgets?

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Latest iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 476 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according .
52,000 and ' to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an

Apple flagship has been brought down within two months of launch, underlining
concerns around the initial pricing, said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple declined to comment on the
matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about . 62,000-..
8,000-.' '9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models were
. 14,000-.' '16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and
Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the

third time in three months, now starting at '. 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple India to launch iPhone 6S, 6S Plus on Oct 16

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


NEW DELHI: Apple has announced that it will launch the new iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus in India on October 16. This will be the fastest iPhone rollout ever for
the Indian market, coming less than a month after the latest models became
available globally.

The October 16 launch puts the new iPhones in position to cash in on the
upcoming festive season. The biggest competitors to the new iPhones in the
Indian market will be Samsung's Galaxy Note5 and S6 edge+.

While there is no increment in screen size in iPhone 6S (4.7-inch HD) and iPhone
6S (5.5-inch Full HD) compared to last year's models, they feature a new 3D
Touch display technology, which allows them to differentiate between types of
touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the homescreen.

Both iPhones are powered by the new A9 processor with 2GB RAM and run on iOS 9
operating system. They come in 3 storage variants: 16, 64, and 128GB; there is
no support for microSD cards for storage expansions. The rear cameras of the two
smartphones have 12MP resolution, backed by dual-tone dual-LED flash, while the
front cameras have 5MP sensors. Along with the standard silver, space gray and
gold colours, iPhone 6S and 6S Plus also come in a new rose gold hue.

While there is no official word on the pricing, it is expected that iPhone 6S
will be available at starting price of around Rs 60,000, while iPhone 6S Plus
will cost approximately Rs 68,000 for the base variant.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Can't wait for the iPhone 6s & 6s Plus? You can get it on the Indian grey market
right now

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 218  words


Although the new iPhones have just made their global debut today, that doesn't
stop more enterprising folks from delivering on a huge demand from premium
customers in Mumbai.

The world is going crazy, with the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus releasing
today. People have been queuing up for days, even sending telepresence robots to
book their spot in lines. But India has to wait a little longer before we get
our hands on the devices.

However, there are....other methods to obtain Apple's latest hardware. Our
correspondent Rajesh D'souza tells us that the new iPhones are relatively easy
to grab, in Mumbai at least....for a price. Various large-scale stores in malls
around the city are selling the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in the grey market.
If you just can't wait, and you have money to spare, you can get your hands on
one for a wallet-ripping price.

The iPhone 6s is available at Rs 80,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 1,00,000 for
the 64GB version, and Rs 1,20,000 for the 128GB. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile,
is priced at Rs 1,00,000 for the 16GB variant, Rs 1,20,000 for the 64GB, and Rs
1,40,000 for the 128GB handset. If you'd prefer to wait though, the new iPhones
are expected to be available in India by October 27 at Rs 53,500 for the 16GB
iPhone 6s, and Rs. 62,500 for the 16GB iPhone 6s Plus.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Beetel to offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus from October 16

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 254 words


NEW DELHI: Beetel Teletech Limited, a Brightstar company, said it will offer
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, beginning Friday, October 16th 12:01 am onwards,
at over 3500 retail locations across India.

The company, which is an authorised distributor of Apple phones, said that the
new iPhones will be available post midnight, on October 16, and that its
retailers will organise midnight launch events at select outlets across India.

Ingram Micro, another Apple's product distributor in India, also said Tuesday
morning that it will offer the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones at more
than 2,500 retail locations in over 80 cities across the country.

Apple is offering its flagship smartphones in the Indian market within three
weeks of its US launch, compared with a month and more in previous cases. Last
year, it launched the product a month after the US launch. It is using its
existing set of distributors including Redington to get sales going.

Apple started selling the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models in the US on September
25. On Monday, the company said it sold 13 million handsets in three days of the
launch.

While Apple has yet to announce the price of the new models in India, as per
trade estimates the 16 GB iPhone 6s will be priced around Rs 55,000-56,000 and
iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB around Rs 65,000-66,000. The prices will be much higher for
the 64 GB and 128 GB models.

Some price comparison sites are pegging the prices even higher - around Rs
70,000 for 16 GB iPhone 6s variant.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 vs iPhone 7 Plus: What is the difference

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Apple's newest iPhones are out. Called iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, both come
with new features and enhancements over the previous-generation iPhones. Wonder
what's the difference between the two (of course, other than the screen size)?

Here's breaking up the key specifications of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus for
you to decid. Screen The screen size of both the new iPhones, iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, remains the same as that of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Apple
iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch display while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch display.
Display resolutionThe resolution too remains same as the previous-generation
iPhones: 1,334 x 750 pixels on iPhone 7 and 1,920 x 1,080 pixels on iPhone 7
Plus.Storage and RAMBoth iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are said to have 2GB RAM.
The smartphones come in three variants, as per storage, 32GB, 128 GB and 256GB.
This means while the RAM has doubled in iPhone 7 (iPhone 6s had 1GB RAM), it is
same for iPhone 7 Plus as iPhone 6S Plus too had 2GB RAM).ProcessorBoth the
latest iPhones run on Apple A10 Fusion chipset. Apple's senior vice president
for marketing, Phil Schiller, said that the A10 Fusion chip will allow for
"console level gaming on an iPhone."CameraThis is where the biggest difference
is. While the cameras in both the smartphones have got a major upgrade, iPhone 7
Plus camera is more powerful. iPhone 7 Plus has a two 12-megapixel sensor with a
telephoto lens.iPhone 7 has 12 megapixel rear camera, with f/1.8 aperture, Focus
Pixels, Optical Image Stabilisation, quad-LED (dual tone) flash, 4K video
recording. The front camera on both the smartphones is 7MP.BatteryAccording to
Apple, iPhone 7 Plus has slightly better battery backup than iPhone 7. This may
account to 2-3 hours more depending on the nature of the usage. It is same in
the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The bigger-screen iPhone 6S Plus offers
slightly better battery life than the smaller screen iPhone 6S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Testing iPhone 6s's 3D Touch and Live Photos Features

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Personal Tech; TECH FIX; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1100 words


NOW that smartphones can do more than a million different things with apps, you
have to wonder whether it matters when Apple adds two main new features to its
latest iPhones.

The answer, to cut to the chase, is yes. That's because when Apple incorporates
new smartphone capabilities, the features may become widely used by consumers
and then copied by rivals.

The trend may start again this Friday, when Apple releases the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, part of an S generation of iPhones that are typically known as the
''iteration'' cycle. In an S generation, the company improves on the last model
by sprinkling in a few new features. For the iPhone 5s, for instance, it was the
fingerprint sensor. For the iPhone 4s, it was Siri, the voice assistant.

This time, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are being equipped with two signature new
tricks: 3D Touch, in which hard or soft presses on the touch screen bring up
different functions; and Live Photos, which lets you snap photos that turn into
miniature videos. The iPhone also now comes in a new metallic finish, a pale
pink that Apple's marketing team insists on calling ''rose-gold.''

After testing the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus for two weeks, I had mixed feelings on
the usefulness of the new features. I found that Live Photos quickly became an
enjoyable, integral part of shooting photos with an iPhone. But I couldn't get
into the habit of using 3D Touch.

Live Photos

Live Photos works like this: When you take a photo, you capture a still frame in
full resolution. But the iPhone camera system keeps a buffer of a second and a
half's worth of motion frames before and after you take the photo. So while you
get a still shot of your photo, when you press down on the image, you can also
get the motion frames to play back, bringing the photo to life.

You might wonder, why not just shoot a video? The short answer is that there
will be tiny moments in life where you would never have guessed you wanted to
shoot a video, and now Live Photos has a chance to capture them.

I tried this by photographing my pets. In one instance, I captured a moment when
my corgi started digging his paws into dirt on a mountain, showing a side of his
personality you wouldn't witness in a normal photo.

There is a short learning curve for Live Photos. If you move your camera
immediately before or after taking the photo, the movement will show up in the
animated photo. Several of my Live Photos were ruined because I put the phone
down too quickly after taking the picture. Apple said it planned to modify the
feature in a software update so that it did not capture those quick movements.

Two other items that I'd like to see addressed in future software updates: One,
when Live Photos are captured, they include audio. I'd like the option to
disable that because images alone can speak loudly enough. You also can't edit
Live Photos. You can only apply an edit to the still frame, but not the motion
frames. It would be ideal to at least be able to make minor adjustments to Live
Photos, like increasing brightness or contrast.

The major limitation of Live Photos is that only Apple devices with the latest
software systems -- iOS 9 for mobile devices, OS X El Capitan for Macs, and
WatchOS 2 for the Apple Watch -- can see them. Apple says it is working with
Facebook so users can share their Live Photos with others on the social network.
Hopefully more platforms will support Live Photos in the near future.

3D Touch

In interviews, Apple executives have moaned about the pains that engineers went
through to develop 3D Touch. Pressing lightly on an email, for example, displays
a ''peek,'' or preview of the message; pressing harder opens the email. The
phone also responds to your finger with a light vibration.

3D Touch also works on app icons to get quick access to different actions.
Pressing hard on the icon for the camera app gives you the options to take a
selfie, shoot a video, record a slow-motion video or take a photo. You can also
use 3D Touch to turn your keyboard into a trackpad to hover around a document as
you would on a computer.

It was fun experimenting with 3D Touch, but I rarely felt compelled to use it.
With my camera, my instinct continues to be to open the camera app by swiping up
on the shortcut on the iPhone's lock screen. When using email, I don't bother to
peek; I just open them. Unlike past touch gestures on the iPhone, like pinching
or swiping, I found 3D Touch, in its current state, to be limited and mostly
unnecessary.

But it's still early days, and 3D Touch has the potential to mature into a
useful feature. Third-party companies, like Instagram and Dropbox, plan to
support the feature in their iPhone apps. I would like to see Apple expand 3D
Touch into other key parts of the iPhone system -- for example, it would be
thrilling to be able to fast-forward or rewind a video or audio recording at
different speeds, depending on how hard I press down on the screen.

Buying Advice

So who should buy the 6s? For owners of iPhones that are at least two years old
(which includes the iPhone 5s and any generation before that), the new phones
are an excellent overall upgrade. With the 6s or the 6s Plus, you're getting a
screen that is significantly larger than those of the older iPhones. Also, the
phone's processor, called A9, will deliver a big increase in speed.

For screen size, I personally prefer the 6s with a 4.7-inch screen to the 6s
Plus with a 5.5-inch screen, because the smaller phone is easier to pocket and
use with one hand. But people who want a smartphone that will double as a
tablet, for reading books or watching videos, will be better off with the 6s
Plus's larger screen.

And then there's data storage. Apple offers the new iPhones with different
storage options and prices: The 6s costs $650 for 16 gigabytes, $750 for 64 gigs
and $850 for 128 gigs; the big-screen 6s Plus costs $100 more, respectively, for
each of those storage tiers.

I strongly recommend against the 16-gigabyte model, largely because Live Photos
are twice the size of a normal photo. For just $100 more, you'll get a lot more
enjoyment out of your iPhone with 64 gigs.

For those with an iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, the new 3D Touch and Live Photos perks
aren't substantive enough to make it worth upgrading to a 6s. While Apple
improved the camera resolution and designed the 6s and 6s Plus with stronger
metal and glass than the last iPhones, a major component -- battery life -- was
not improved. It would be wiser to hold off until the next version, which will
most likely include more significant improvements.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/24/technology/personaltech/testing-iphone-6s
-3d-touch-and-live-photos-features.html

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The iPhone 6s has 3D Touch, which brings up different options by
finger pressure on an icon. Pressing hard on the icon for the camera app gives
you options to take a selfie, shoot a video, record a slow-motion video or take
a photo. Pressing hard on the Safari icon produces other choices, like a reading
list, bookmarks and others. (PHOTOGRAPH BY TONY CENICOLA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

An inside peek at new iPhones pick-up day in Beijing

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 575  words


After two weeks of counting down the days, Chinese buyers witnessed the arrival
of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in stores and at their doorsteps on Friday.

As the largest overseas market for the Cupertino, California-based company, the
Chinese mainland is one of the first countries and regions to launch the new
iPhones. It's the second time in the phone's history following the unveiling of
the prior generation, iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

"I took a night train from Baotou for 11 hours to pick up my new iPhone 6s Plus
in Beijing," said Zhang Yubo, who comes from Hohhot, the capital city of North
China's Inner Mongolia autonomous region. The city is more than 600 kilometers
away from the Apple Store in Taikoo Li shopping center in Beijing's Sanlitun
area.

"The reason why I'm not choosing door-to-door delivery service to receive my new
iPhone is because I enjoy the welcome ceremony hosted by Apple's Genius Bar in
the Apple Store," Zhang told chinadaily.com.cn. Being a hardcore fan of Apple
products, Zhang said he's always been eager to be an early bird in getting the
company's new devices.

"I'm more interested in the 3D Touch function of the new iPhone," Yue Zhenfei,
an employee who works in the IT sector, said right after he collected his new
iPhone 6s from the Apple Store. Yue said the new function provides a new
dimension in terms of operation, which is a technological leap compared to
existing smartphones.

According to Apple, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus introduce an entirely new way to
interact with the phones. For the first time, iPhone senses how much pressure
you apply to the display. In addition to familiar multi[#x2011]touch gestures
like tap, swipe, and pinch, which are on the Apple Watch, 3D Touch introduces
peek and pop. These bring a new dimension in functionality to the iPhone
experience.

Rose gold, which is recognized as the only new debut color of the new iPhones,
is seen as a hot choice for most of the buyers who appeared in the Apple Store
in Sanlitun.

Meanwhile, the 64GB read-only memory (ROM) version is the hot sales product due
to an improved iSight camera that will produce bigger-sized photos and video
footage.

Though it is only one of four colors available, the new rose gold iPhone 6s is
said to be the most popular option for preorders, according to appleinsider.com,
citing analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities.

Sales of the new iPhone 6s are expected to ride high on Chinese demand, but some
consumers have mixed responses to the closely tracked smartphone, according to
previous reports by China Daily.

"It's unnecessary for me to buy one. There aren't that many new functions and I
don't like the new case colors," said Zhang Jixuan, a college student in Durham,
North Carolina, United States.

Preorders for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were "very strong" and sales are on pace to
exceed last year's launch-weekend record of 10 million handsets, Apple said on
September 14th.

"Orders may be roughly flat if customers in China are not included in the
initial availability," said Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray Cos,
according to Reuters. Munster is predicting opening weekend sales of as many as
13 million units, with China accounting for about two million shipments.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/7/144316954024.jpg

f8bc126d980d176f2fa303.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

Apple unveils iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, iPad pro and Apple TV - all you need to know;

California launch event shows off latest developments at technology giant

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan-READ

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


Apple unveiled the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus during a huge launch event in
California last night.

The tech giants also showed off a giant iPad Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Apple's new iPhones hit store shelves

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton twolverton@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Science and Tech

LENGTH: 198 words


The new iPhones are hitting store shelves Friday morning.

Consumers can buy the latest models of Apple's smartphone, the iPhone 6s and the
jumbo-sized iPhone 6s Plus, at the company's retail stores. They can also find
them at the stores of the major wireless carriers and some other major
electronics retailers.

The key feature of the new models, which share the same size and shape as last
year's versions, is something Apple calls 3D Touch. The feature can recognize
how hard users are pressing on the devices' screens and display different kinds
of information for different presses.

The new phones also feature more powerful cameras and a faster processor than
last year's models. The rear camera in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has a
12-megapixel resolution, up from 8 megapixels previously.

The iPhone 6s starts at $650 without a contract. The iPhone 6s Plus starts at
$750 without a contract.

Last year's models were the first-ever large screen iPhones and sold in record
numbers. Financial analysts who follow the company generally expect the growth
in the Apple's iPhones sales to fall from its recent torrid pace.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285. Follow him at Twitter.com/troywolv .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jason Rappaport, 25, of Philadelphia, is the first person to buy a new
Apple iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25,
2015. Hundreds of people lined up for a chance to get one of the new models.
(John Green/Bay Area News Group)
Jason Rappaport, 25, of Philadelphia, is the first person to buy a new Apple
iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25, 2015.
Hundreds of people lined up for a chance to get one of the new models. (John
Green/Bay Area News Group)
Apple employees cheer as a customer takes a selfie leaving with his new iPhone
6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25, 2015. (John
Green/Bay Area News Group)
Hundreds of people line up to buy a new iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo
Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25, 2015. (John Green/Bay Area News Group)
Brianna Lempesis, operating a robot from San Diego, leaves after purchasing an
iPhone 6s at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday Sept. 25, 2015.
(John Green/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday

Du Offers iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in UAE

LENGTH: 188  words


By tbreak Staff -

Apple fans in Dubai can finally get their hands on the iPhone 6s and its Plus
variant, as it is officially available for sale since 10th October.

Du had announced that it will offer the latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, from
Saturday onwards. The iPhone 6s 16GB and iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available
from du for a low monthly fee of AED300, which also includes zero upfront fees,
11GB of data and 300 flexible minutes.

Fahad Alhassawi, Chief Commercial Officer for du said that "With our attractive
plans and unbeatable 4G LTE network, iPhone customers will have a seamless
experience with du."

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus brings new elements with revolutionary Multi Touch
interface and 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you press the button. The latest
iPhones also have Live Photos, bring images to life, which are taken with the
12MP iSight camera and the 5MP HD camera. It is powered by the Apple A9 chip and
built with a 7000 series aluminium for a strong metallic finish.

Customers can buy the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus from the du shops or from the du
website at www.du.ae where they can also avail lots of offers.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

A close up look at the 'best iPhones yet'

BYLINE: Liu Zheng

LENGTH: 1270  words


Being an iOS user for years, "the good" and "the bad" words swarmed into my head
after using and testing the latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for two weeks.

Here are some hands-on insights I want to highlight and the video above will
tell you more about the two devices.

Photo taken on October 14, 2015 shows the iPhone 6s Plus launched by Apple Inc
in September in San Francisco. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Starting with a simple "touch"

The multi-touch display iPod Touch unveiled by Apple Inc in 2007 triggered a new
trend of human-computer interaction and Chinese consumers really started to
chase trendy technologies since the launch of iPhone 4 in 2010.

This year, Apple has upgraded its next-generation fingerprint recognition
feature, the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, making it easier and faster to unlock
your phone.

Users have been impressed after experiencing the response speed for activating
the function as the single press home button on the new iPhone will
simultaneously light the display and unlock the phone.

Sometimes this high-speed response can even present a problem when you simply
want to check the time or a notification without unlocking the screen.

Screenshot shows the 3D Touch function is available for WeChat and Sina Weibo.
[Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

3D Touch, a new technology introduced by the Cupertino company, allows users to
execute different commands depending on how hard they press the display.

Unlike previous multi-touch technology, which allows users to pinch and zoom, 3D
Touch will let users do what Apple calls 'peek' and 'pop'. Peeking or pressing
lightly on the display means previewing a piece of content and when you "pop" --
press on the screen harder and longer -- this will expand the content, letting
you interact with it.

As Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, pointed out the new feature "cuts out a number of
navigational steps to get where you're going".

Unlike the launch of the first generation Touch ID sensor, Apple said 3D Touch
will support third-party apps from the start.

For example, WeChat and Sina Weibo, two originally Chinese social media
applications, are the early birds that are redesigned to access 3D Touch. Users
can create new chat or new posts when "peeking" the apps.

Some of Apple's original apps, including Photos, Clock, Notes, Maps, Mail and
Messages are also built in the same function while others, such as Health,
Videos, Watch and Stocks are not.

One of the my favorites is that when you activate the function on the "Photos"
app, there's a "One Year Ago" short-cut that will let you skip directly into the
photo collections that you've saved in your phone a year earlier.

Photo taken on October 14, 2015 shows the rear cameras of iPhone 6s Plus(bottom)
and iPhone 6s. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to figures revealed by Apple, the new display assembly weighs twice as
much as the display assembly used in last year's models due to the 3D Touch
technology. In the iPhone 6, the display assembly weighed 12 grams. In the
iPhone 6s, it weighs 29 grams, more than double last year's model.

By comparison with the previous "double click home button" method to active
iPhone's multitasking interface, the iOS 9, Apple's newly launched mobile
operating system brings a distinct change to the features.

Instead of an app icon carousel -- which later became app panes -- that scrolls
from right to left, iOS 9 employs a stacked card interface and switches the
initial scroll direction to jibe with the mechanics of 3D Touch.

To invoke 3D Touch multitasking, start an off-screen swipe from the left screen
edge and press firmly on the screen while performing the left-to-right swipe
action.

Due to the size of iPhone 6s Plus, some people suggest that it's better to use
your left hand rather than the right to active this action and after using the
feature many times, I agree.

Stand out from the crowd

By taking Beijing's subway, massive "phubbers" are seen staring at their
smartphones and given the round home button on the bottom, some are iPhone
users.

An old Internet meme joked that in 2012, after the newly-launched EarPods, a new
designed earphone for Apple devices, started to ship with iPhone 5, cases of
theft on the subway rapidly rose as thieves could easily tell who was carrying
the new phone.

This year, the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have similar designs to the
previous generation. So what will make people quickly realize you are holding a
brand new iPhone? Right, the rose gold finish.

By introducing the new color for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the company
seems have attracted most loyal Chinese customers, especially female users, with
the conspicuous but not dazzling rose gold appearance.

The new color was seen as a hot choice for most buyers who appeared in the Apple
Store in Beijing's Sanlitun Village during the pick-up day for online pre-order
customers on September 25.

Build for the selfie-addict and video shooting lover

Apple made some serious upgrades for the new iPhones' iSight camera. It has
traded in its 8-megapixel rear shooter for a 12-megapixel variant with 1.22µ
pixels, offering 50 percent more than before.

The camera features a five-element lens with f/2.2 aperture and a sapphire lens
cover.

For 4K video shooting, the larger Plus model features optical stabilization as
its predecessor did while the smaller 6S only leaves room for digital
stabilization.

Some people argue that Live Photos, the new feature that allows users to capture
an extra 1.5 seconds of footage at the beginning and the end of the photo to
enable mini animations, is little more than a gimmick as few people will hold
the camera up for a couple of seconds after taking pictures.

In practice, I believe the feature is not designed for all-round photo shooting
circumstances. It's better to shoot with Live Photos mode when moving objects
are the main part of your pictures, such as a lyrical selfie, running pets or
even family parties. Rather than filming a painting or building.

To share the Live Photos is another issue that needs to be considered,
especially to share with a friend using a non-Apple device.

You'd better find an available video to Graphics Interchange Format transferring
app to deal with the matter.

Unbearable weight?

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus weigh 14 and 20 grams more than their predecessors,
respectively.

The switch to 7000 series alloy aluminum, the same material used to build the
Apple Watch, accounts for just 2 grams of the weight increase of the iPhone 6s
Plus, while the aluminum for the iPhone 6s actually weighs a gram less.

If you are a male user who only carries your smartphone in your pocket, it seems
the iPhone 6s Plus is a bit overweight, while if you are addicted to the 4K
video and longer battery life, the 6s Plus is a nice option.

But then, nothing is perfect.

Apple said the new iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional
countries from October 9, reaching more than 130 by years-end.

Apple relies heavily on sales of the iPhone, which generated nearly two-thirds
of its revenue in the latest quarter, and during the first weekend of
availability in 12 markets, Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone
6s and 6s Pluses, setting a record for its marquee product.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/144486665361.jpg

f8bc126d980d17888f0e01.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/144486665434.jpg

f8bc126d980d178891a502.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/144486665499.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788921e03.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/144486665570.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788932005.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/144486665636.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788933106.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 07:51 AM EST

iPhone 6s sets new sales record

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 214  words


Click for image

While pundits and analysts often like to claim that interest in the iPhone has
already peaked, Apple's sales figures continue to prove otherwise. Apple earlier
today released weekend sales figures for its brand new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
models and, suffice it to say, they're exceedingly popular.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a press release. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving
3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus to customers in even more countries on October 9."

As for specific figures, Apple over the weekend sold over 13 million units of
its new devices, setting a brand new launch weekend record in the process. The
previous iPhone weekend sales record occurred last year when Apple sold 10
million iPhone 6 devices. That being the case, opening weekend sales skyrocketed
by an impressive 30%. Undoubtedly helping matters is that the iPhone 6s was
available in China at launch. In contrast, the iPhone 6 was not.

As mentioned by Tim Cook, the iPhone 6s in just a few weeks will go on sale in a
number of new countries, including Italy, Spain, Taiwan, Mexico, and Russia.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Unimpressive SAR debut for Apple iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Luis Liu in Hong Kong

LENGTH: 408  words


Re-sales of iPhone 6s smartphones were lackluster in Hong Kong as they made
their debut the same day on the mainland

According to local information technology news website newmobilelife.com, up
until 6 pm on Friday re-sale prices even dropped to lower than official retail
prices.

Some sellers lamented that the new smartphones were not as appealing as before.

Silver iPhone 6s suffered the most. A 16GB version was sold HK$238 cheaper than
the official price. Its 64GB and 128GB version were priced HK$38 and HK$88
cheaper in the resale market.

Prices for the Rose Gold model stood their ground. The 16GB version sold for
HK$212 dearer. The 64GB and 128GB all sold for HK$512 more than the original
price.

The iPhone 6s Plus enjoyed stronger demand. However, people could only earn
HK$12 by reselling the 16GB Space Grey and Silver models.

Rose Gold models also enjoyed the highest price in the Plus family with 16GB,
64GB and 128GB selling for profits of HK$812, HK$1,312 and HK$1,512,
respectively.

Official retail prices start at HK$5,588 for the iPhone 6s with a 4.7-inch
display and HK$6,388 for the iPhone 6s Plus with a 5.5-inch display, according
to Apple's Hong Kong webpage.

On last year's debut day of the new iPhone, resale prices were as high as
HK$10,000 for an iPhone 6 and HK$16,000 for an iPhone 6 Plus. Official retail
prices were the same as for the iPhone 6s.

Digital product traders felt the simultaneous release on the mainland caused the
slump. Kesh Digital spokesman Cheng Fei said that this time supplies to the
mainland were abundant, especially in Guangdong province. He felt the demand for
iPhones from the mainland would be low this time.

Some dealers in Shenzhen's IT commercial zone Huaqiangbei said they would not
stock the new iPhone. They are competing for time. Even if they get the product
early, only a thin profit margin could be achieved.

The iPhone 6s, as a transitional product, does not attract a lot of consumers,
according to a shopkeeper at Huaqiangbei. People were obviously waiting for
iPhone 7, he explained.

luisliu@chinadailyhk.com

Customers choose the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at the Apple Store at
Causeway Bay on Friday. The new generation iPhone goes on sale around the world
on Friday. Parker Zheng / China Daily

(HK Edition 09/26/2015 page7)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/9/144323241420.jpg

00221917e13e17702d4c02.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/24/144323241471.jpg

00221917e13e17702d4f03.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

UAE gets enough iPhone stocks to meet demand

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 663 words


Dubai

Retailers and telco operators in the UAE are gearing up to sell the new iPhones
- 6S and 6S Plus - from Friday midnight at major malls and outlets.

For the first time, all the retailers in the UAE are getting the supplies
directly from Apple. Normally, it used to be through telco operators.

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of omnichannel retail at Jumbo Group, said they got more
than 500 pre-orders with 100 per cent cash in advance, apart from the loyal
customers where they haven't collected any advance.

Both the retailers as well as the telco operators started accepting pre-orders a
couple of days ago and they will be selling not only to customers who
pre-ordered, but also on over-the-counter sales during the midnight launch.

"We have got enough stocks and the stocks are already with us directly from
Apple," he said.

Retailers say they will open their outlets for midnight launch for about two to
two-and-a-half hours and also bring it to Shopper on Saturday.

"We had discussions with the Dubai World Trade Centre to sell the devices at our
Gitex stands on Friday midnight itself, but due to logistics issues we had
dropped the plan," Khanzadah said.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax Electronics, said that supply will not be an
issue. Apple has assured us they will provide as much as retailers want.

"Dubai has got full quantity this year unlike like last year," he said.

The phones will also be available in Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi
Arabia on October 10.

"We expect massive demand for the new device, and if the worldwide launch was
any indication, we expect great sales for the new iPhone. The good news is our
initial allocation was very strong so we expect to have good supply to cater to
this," said Omar Abushaban, general manager for Plug Ins.

Prices:

Apple will be selling the iPhone 6S for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model; Dh2,999 for
the 64GB model; and Dh3,399 for the 128GB model. And it will sell iPhone 6S Plus
for Dh2,999 for the 16GB model; Dh3,399 for the 64GB model; and Dh3,799 for the
128GB model.

The devices will be available in gold, silver, space grey and the new rose gold
metallic finishes.

Apple said its designed accessories, including leather and silicon cases in a
range of colours, with Lightning Docks in colour-matched metallic finishes, will
also be available.

Etisalat is selling the standalone iPhone 6S for Dh2,699 (16GB), Dh3,099 (64GB)
and Dh3,499 (128GB). The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,099 (16GB),
Dh3,499 (64GB) and Dh3,899 (128GB).

Etisalat's website showed that 6S Plus (128GB) is already sold out.

Du is selling the iPhone 6S for Dh2,749 (16GB), Dh3,149 (64GB), Dh3,599 (128GB).
The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,149 (16GB), Dh3,599 (64GB) and
Dh3,999 (128GB).

Etisalat said the iPhone 6s is available from monthly rentals of Dh265, Dh400
and Dh650 while the iPhone 6S Plus is available at Dh290, Dh425 and Dh675
monthly. In addition, customers can enjoy monthly data allowance of 5GB, 10GB
and 20GB respectively.

Etisalat's smartphone plans for the iPhone 6S also includes flexi or local
minutes on all three packages, such as the 20GB monthly data package bundled
with 750 flexi or 2,000 local minutes.

Prepaid customers can also get the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus devices with
10GB free data by simply dialling "Deal of the Day number" *050#.

Du has come out with three main offers.

The zero upfront package for Dh250 per month gives 2GB of data per month and the
Dh300 per month package gives 11GB data and 300 flexi minutes on a monthly basis
for a contract period of 24 months.

"The high-end package of Dh1,000 per month for 24 months will get 2,500 flexi
minutes, 25GB of data, gold number and every year two free iPhones," du said.

By pre-ordering with a new postpaid number from du, subscribers can avail many
smart plans and Emirati plans worth Dh300, Dh600 and Dh1,000 which offer free
talk time, data, SMS and free minutes for up to three preferred UAE numbers.

For more details, visit the company websites.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 26, 2015 Saturday 12:04 AM GMT

iPhone 6S: Apple's star could be on the wane with smaller queues at UK launch;
The expected lines outside Apple's stores in London and beyond were still
400-strong but down 60% on last year's iPhone 6 launch

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs and agencies

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 547 words


The now-yearly queue for the new iPhone release was back again, but outside
Apple's Covent Garden store - the biggest in Europe - the mass of people queuing
for the just released iPhone 6S wasn't quite as big as last year.

Some die-hard fans queued overnight to be the first few to get their hands on
the new iPhone 6S or 6S Plus, of course. Front of the queue was 29-year-old Sam
Shaikh, from Stratford, who had camped outside the store "since 8.30pm on Monday
night" and had been the first in line for the iPhone 6 last year.

But the metal barriers erected in the cobbled streets in front of the store were
not full to bursting, as they were last year and the year before. The scene in
London was described by onlookers as "a lot less hectic".

Estimates put the queue at around 400 people strong by the time the doors opened
at 8am; an impressive number for any launch butfar short of the 1,000 or so that
queued last year.

Does that mean the appeal of the iPhone 6S was just not big enough to drag as
many people onto the streets overnight as last year's iPhone?

Tick, tock

The iPhone 6S is the "tock" in Apple's two-year "tick, tock" update cycle. Once
every two years - the "tick" year - the design of the smartphone changes making
it look like a new phone. In the alternate, "tock" year the outside stays the
same while Apple upgrades the internal components. The iPhone 6 was the tick
with a larger screen, the iPhone 6S is the tock.

The new iPhone 6S and larger 6S Plus have a new pressure sensitive "3D Touch"
screen, improved camera, quicker fingerprint scanner and faster processor, but
they essentially look the same as last year's models - save for a new pink
colour.

Early reviews were positive, but revealed that Apple had failed to address a
major pain point for consumers: short battery life.

Smaller queues could show a couple of things. First that buyers might not be
quite as eager this time around. Apple claims the new iPhone is looking set to
beat the 10m sold of last year's iPhone 6 with the first few days.

Perhaps queuing overnight has lost the allure it once had when that was the only
way to guarantee being one of the first in the country to buy one. But queueing
is not the only way to buy one and hasn't been for several years, leaving only
the die-hard fans or those looking to flip the devices and sell them for a
profit.

Apple opens up pre-orders on its online store several days after announcing its
smartphones. Typically pre-order delivery times quickly increase. This year,
however, Apple either had enough stock in place to deliver many more new iPhones
to buyers on launch day or the demand was not quite as big. Only in the last
week has the delivery time increased to one-to-two weeks.

Buyers can also reserve and iPhone for purchase in store, like many other shops
offering "click and collect", which means there isn't quite such the urgency to
rush to the shops.

Whatever the reason, and we won't know until Apple reveals sales numbers, the
queues are not as massive and the streets in front of various Apple stores
around the country are not quite as clogged as they once were.


     ·    Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier
     ·    iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?
     ·    Why Apple shouldn't be selling a 16GB iPhone 6S or 6S Plus


LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6s & 6s Plus grey market prices in India drop as Nexus 5X & 6P roll out;

Prices have dropped by as much as Rs 25,000 on the grey market, for some models.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 175  words


Prices have dropped by as much as Rs 25,000 on the grey market, for some models.

We reported last week that despite the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus only being
available on the international market, they were still making their way to the
Indian grey market, for a highly marked up price. Interestingly enough, those
same sellers preempted the launch of Google's new Nexus 5X an 6P smartphones by
dropping that price last night.

You can now buy the iPhone 6s at Rs 65,000 for the 16GB, Rs 75,000 for the 64GB,
and Rs 90,000 for the 128GB, Meanwhile, the iPhone 6s Plus is now available on
the grey market at Rs 90,000 for the 64GB, and Rs 1,10,000 for the 128GB, there
have reportedly been no takers for the 16GB iPhone 6s Plus.

The sellers, it seems, have realised that the popularity of Google's Nexus
series erode the justification for marked up iPhones, as well as the fact the
the iPhone will be available in India Oct 17, starting at Rs 53,500 for the 16GB
iPhone 6s, and Rs 62,500 for the 16GB iPhone 6s Plus.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

'IMPORTED' PHONES ON SALE ONLINE Latest iPhone is Available Here, But You will
Have to Pay More

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 433 words


For those not willing to wait, they're already available in India...the new
iPhone 6s models. But the phones won't come with a company guarantee. Barely two
weeks before some of the most sought after smartphones hit retail shops in
India, Apple's latest offerings -iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -are available on
eBay India and some reseller sites such as OLX and Quikr for what appears to be
an astounding marked up price.

One can buy an 'imported' iPhone 6s 128 GB model for .'1,14,999 on ebay.in,
which will be delivered anywhere in India within five to six days of receiving
payment. The seller also offers a six-month seller warranty on models including
the iPhone 6s 16 GB model for . '69,999 and the 64 GB variant for '84,999. These
are backed by an .eBay guarantee.

Another seller on used-goods site Olx.in is offering the iPhone 6s 64 GB for .
75,000 and can ship it within a day, ' while one on Quikr.com has put a

. 65,000 tag for the 16 GB variant of ' iPhone 6s Plus.

"There will be no guarantee or warranty on this phone," a seller on Olx.in told
ET. "The phones come from overseas and won't have the standard warranty or
guarantee."

The phones have become available in India five days after the September 25
launch in the US and 11 other countries. The Cupertino-based smartphone maker
said it sold over 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones over the first
weekend, a record.

The devices will be available in retail stores in India on the intervening night
of Octo ber 15 and 16. While Ap ple is yet to an nounce prices for

India, as per trade estimates, the 16 GB iPhone 6s will be priced at '.
55,00056,000 and the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB . 65,000-66,000.model will be sold for
' "We recommend our customers buy Apple branded products from authorised Apple
resellers to ensure they receive the best possible customer service and
post-sales experience. We haven't announced the pricing at this point of time,"
the company said.

Sources at Apple said the phones sold on various websites are im ported and
won't have guaran tees. They said buyers would be risking paying all the money
upfront with no guarantee of delivery. OLX did not respond to queries on
listings on their sites.

Quikr said it has a comprehensive policy on its website that outlines the types
of products for which listing or posting of classifieds or information is
prohibited. "We also spend time educating buyers about what to check before
buying the product listed by the seller," Atul Tewari, COO at Quikr, said in an
email.

An eBay India spokesperson clarified that the seller warranty was not akin to
manufacturer warranty.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

'IMPORTED' PHONES ON SALE ONLINE Latest iPhone is Available Here, But You will
Have to Pay More

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 433 words


For those not willing to wait, they're already available in India...the new
iPhone 6s models. But the phones won't come with a company guarantee. Barely two
weeks before some of the most sought after smartphones hit retail shops in
India, Apple's latest offerings -iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -are available on
eBay India and some reseller sites such as OLX and Quikr for what appears to be
an astounding marked up price.

One can buy an 'imported' iPhone 6s 128 GB model for .'1,14,999 on ebay.in,
which will be delivered anywhere in India within five to six days of receiving
payment. The seller also offers a six-month seller warranty on models including
the iPhone 6s 16 GB model for . '69,999 and the 64 GB variant for '84,999. These
are backed by an .eBay guarantee.

Another seller on used-goods site Olx.in is offering the iPhone 6s 64 GB for .
75,000 and can ship it within a day, ' while one on Quikr.com has put a

. 65,000 tag for the 16 GB variant of ' iPhone 6s Plus.

"There will be no guarantee or warranty on this phone," a seller on Olx.in told
ET. "The phones come from overseas and won't have the standard warranty or
guarantee."

The phones have become available in India five days after the September 25
launch in the US and 11 other countries. The Cupertino-based smartphone maker
said it sold over 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones over the first
weekend, a record.

The devices will be available in retail stores in India on the intervening night
of Octo ber 15 and 16. While Ap ple is yet to an nounce prices for

India, as per trade estimates, the 16 GB iPhone 6s will be priced at '.
55,00056,000 and the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB . 65,000-66,000.model will be sold for
' "We recommend our customers buy Apple branded products from authorised Apple
resellers to ensure they receive the best possible customer service and
post-sales experience. We haven't announced the pricing at this point of time,"
the company said.

Sources at Apple said the phones sold on various websites are im ported and
won't have guaran tees. They said buyers would be risking paying all the money
upfront with no guarantee of delivery. OLX did not respond to queries on
listings on their sites.

Quikr said it has a comprehensive policy on its website that outlines the types
of products for which listing or posting of classifieds or information is
prohibited. "We also spend time educating buyers about what to check before
buying the product listed by the seller," Atul Tewari, COO at Quikr, said in an
email.

An eBay India spokesperson clarified that the seller warranty was not akin to
manufacturer warranty.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 1:09 AM GMT

iPhone 6s: Video suggests new Apple phone might be waterproof - but don't try it
at home;
Conflicting video reports see iPhone 6s owners testing their new gadgets in
water

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 290 words


Great news - you've just picked up your brand new Apple iPhone 6s, with the
snazzy new 3D touch feature, and that selfie flash you've always wanted.

Next thing you know, up pops a video claiming that Apple might have 'secretly'
made the phones watertight, meaning you can drop it in a bowl of water for up to
an hour without significant damage.

But don't reach for the sink just yet. It's best you don'ttry this one yourself,
unless you want a soggy and dead - if otherwise pristine - iPhone.

Read more

iPhone 6s launch: Apple fans gather outside London stores overnight

Apple could allow iPhone users to delete default apps

Apple Event September 2015: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus revealed

Apple don't advertise the phones as being waterproof, so those hoping to claim
back some money from a water-damaged iPhone won't have much luck.

Testing the supposed ability, Zach Straley posted a video on YouTube which sees
him put a brand new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus into a small bowl of water, as
the stopwatch app counts up to an hour. When he takes the phones out, they
appear to work perfectly well - 3D Touch and all.

However, a video from iDeviceHelp saw an iPhone 6s Plus plunged into four foot
deep pool of water, with far less successful results - the phone barely lasted
two minutes, and wouldn't even turn on afterwards.

While some have suggested that the iPhone 6s might survive in shallow pools
thanks to water-resistant tech, others have speculated as to whether the video
might just be a pesky hoax to lure the unwitting into breaking their new
devices.

Long story short: don't chuck your brand new iPhone into a tub of water, ok?

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Are the new iPhones worth buying?

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 945 words


Blayne Slabbert poses some questions to ask yourself before buying the iPhone 6S
or 6S Plus.

--------------------

DETAILS The latest iPhones come in rose gold, silver, gold and grey and they
have three storage sizes, 16GB, 64GB and 128GB.

iPhone 6S16GB: NZ$1199; 64GB: NZ$1399; 128GB: NZ$1599.

iPhone 6S Plus16GB: NZ$1399; 64GB: NZ$1599; 128GB: NZ$1799.

--------------------

IF YOU are one of the 40 per cent of Kiwis who use an iPhone then you might be
considering upgrading to one of the latest models.

Your current iPhone is probably working well, but you may be tempted by the 6S
or 6S Plus. Maybe because it has got 3D touch, or the ability to take 4K video,
or perhaps that new pink colour appeals.

But the new iPhones cost between $1200 and $1800 so it pays not to rush in -
unless you're an early adopter, in which case you've probably already bought
one.

Here are some questions you should ask yourself before you buy an iPhone 6S or
6S Plus.

DO YOU USE YOUR PHONE A LOT?

If you "live" on your phone then one main advantage of the 6S models is in how
you navigate around. The phones use a technology called 3D touch that lets you
press on the screen to bring up extra menus so you can access features faster.

Want to send a message? Press on the Message app and a small menu pops up so you
can write a new message. This means you don't have to open an app to access
certain functions.

This technology also allows you to "peep" into items within apps. For example,
if you open your email app you can lightly press on each email and it'll give
you a preview without having to open it. Once you are "peeping", you can then
swipe to delete or archive it or push harder to actually open it.

For people dealing with dozens of emails a day this makes your life more
efficient. If you only use your phone a few times a day then these features may
not be that important.

DO YOU LOVE PHOTOGRAPHY?

If you enjoy taking photos, then it might be worth upgrading, especially to the
6S Plus. Both new iPhones now have 50 per cent more megapixels than the iPhone
6. But extra megapixels aren't the only improvement.

Apple has tweaked the software and processor which means there is a noticeable
improvement on earlier iPhones. Also, the front camera has been increased from
1.5MP to 5MP and the screen can now be used as a flash when taking selfies. The
phones can also take "live photos" which is essentially a bunch of images
stitched together to make a three- second "movie" with audio.

If you are serious about using an iPhone for photography, keep in mind the 6S
Plus has optical stabilsation (better for low light photos) and a bigger screen
for viewing and editing.

DO YOU LIKE MAKING VIDEOS?

The new iPhones can take 4K video, which captures four times the resolution as
previous models and most other smartphones.

At the moment, this is an emerging technology and you need a 4K screen to take
full advantage.

Note that all iPhones only have 1080 resolution screens.

But it does have other advantages such as being able to crop a video to a
quarter of its size and still keep 1080P resolution.

Another feature you can use is stabilised timelapses.

Usually, timelapses work best when the camera is on a tripod, but Apple uses
software that smooths out the footage so you can move around. Also, optical
stabilisation in the 6S Plus now works for videos as well as photos.

ARE YOU FRUSTRATED WITH YOUR CURRENT PHONE?

Do you feel as though your phone pauses before doing anything? Then you'll be
pleased to know the 6S devices are very, very fast. The fingerprint scanner is
so fast that it unlocks the phone before you've really noticed. They both have a
new processor and increased RAM which makes everything work faster. Also, the
graphics chip has been boosted, which will please anyone who loves playing games
or editing video.

What this all means is that if you use your phone a lot it could be worth paying
for this extra power. However, if you only use it to check Facebook, send texts
and make calls then you don't really need all this speed.

DO YOU FIND YOUR PHONE TOO SMALL?

If you find your screen hard to see, or want to be able to watch videos at a
bigger size, then it might be worth upgrading. The 6S Plus has a 5.5-inch screen
which is great for viewing photos, words or videos.

It makes using apps like Instagram so much better and most people would be happy
watching a movie on it.

However, it is big. If you have an older, smaller iPhone then it might be worth
going to a shop to try it out in person before buying. If you are unsure, then
the 6S is a nice compromise at 4.7 inches.

Also, this year, the iPhones are heavier, with the 6S Plus weighing 192g which
could be tough for some people to hold in one hand.

IS MY 4S STILL OK?

If you only use your phone a few times a day, then, yes, it's fine. It's still
capable of running iOS 9, so it still works OK as a basic smartphone.

However, it won't work with some apps and the camera is looking pretty old.

Don't feel pressured to upgrade just because everyone else seems to be. If you
find it OK, then stick with it. Also, if you do want to upgrade you don't have
to get the latest.

An iPhone 6 will be a significant improvement and is $200 cheaper than the 6S
models.

SO, DO I REALLY NEED TO UPGRADE?

That's up to you. The new 6S iPhones are very nice devices and quite a
significant improvement over the iPhone 4 or 5 models.

It's a harder decision for iPhone 6 owners, but if you answer yes to any of the
first five questions then it might be worth going shopping.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple customers queue to get the latest device in Sydney last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

The new iPhones cost between $1200 and $1800.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

Are the new iPhones worth buying?

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 945 words


BLAYNE SLABBERT poses some questions to ask yourself before buying the iPhone 6S
or 6S Plus.

--------------------

DETAILS The latest iPhones come in rose gold, silver, gold and grey and they
have three storage sizes, 16GB, 64GB and 128GB.

iPhone 6S16GB: NZ$1199; 64GB: NZ$1399; 128GB: NZ$1599.

iPhone 6S Plus16GB: NZ$1399; 64GB: NZ$1599; 128GB: NZ$1799.

--------------------

If you are one of the 40 per cent of Kiwis who use an iPhone then you might be
considering upgrading to one of the latest models.

Your current iPhone is probably working well, but you may be tempted by the 6S
or 6S Plus. Maybe because it has got 3D touch, or the ability to take 4K video,
or perhaps that new pink colour appeals.

But the new iPhones cost between $1200 and $1800 so it pays not to rush in -
unless you're an early adopter, in which case you've probably already bought
one.

Here are some questions you should ask yourself before you buy an iPhone 6S or
6S Plus.

DO YOU USE YOUR PHONE A LOT?

If you "live" on your phone then one main advantage of the 6S models is in how
you navigate around. The phones use a technology called 3D touch that lets you
press on the screen to bring up extra menus so you can access features faster.

Want to send a message? Press on the Message app and a small menu pops up so you
can write a new message. This means you don't have to open an app to access
certain functions.

This technology also allows you to "peep" into items within apps. For example,
if you open your email app you can lightly press on each email and it'll give
you a preview without having to open it. Once you are "peeping", you can then
swipe to delete or archive it or push harder to actually open it.

For people dealing with dozens of emails a day this makes your life more
efficient. If you only use your phone a few times a day then these features may
not be that important.

DO YOU LOVE PHOTOGRAPHY?

If you enjoy taking photos, then it might be worth upgrading, especially to the
6S Plus. Both new iPhones now have 50 per cent more megapixels than the iPhone
6. But extra megapixels aren't the only improvement.

Apple has tweaked the software and processor which means there is a noticeable
improvement on earlier iPhones. Also, the front camera has been increased from
1.5MP to 5MP and the screen can now be used as a flash when taking selfies. The
phones can also take "live photos" which is essentially a bunch of images
stitched together to make a three-second "movie" with audio.

If you are serious about using an iPhone for photography, keep in mind the 6S
Plus has optical stabilsation (better for low light photos) and a bigger screen
for viewing and editing.

DO YOU LIKE MAKING VIDEOS?

The new iPhones can take 4K video, which captures four times the resolution as
previous models and most other smartphones.

At the moment, this is an emerging technology and you need a 4K screen to take
full advantage. Note that all iPhones only have 1080 resolution screens.

But it does have other advantages such as being able to crop a video to a
quarter of its size and still keeping 1080P resolution.

Another feature you can use is stabilised timelapses.

Usually, timelapses work best when the camera is on a tripod, but Apple uses
software that smooths out the footage so you can move around. Also, optical
stabilisation in the 6S Plus now works for videos as well as photos.

ARE YOU FRUSTRATED WITH YOUR CURRENT PHONE?

Do you feel as though your phone pauses before doing anything? Then you'll be
pleased to know the 6S devices are very, very fast. The fingerprint scanner is
so fast that it unlocks the phone before you've really noticed.

They both have a new processor and increased RAM which makes everything work
faster. Also, the graphics chip has been boosted, which will please anyone who
loves playing games or editing video.

What this all means is that if you use your phone a lot it could be worth paying
for this extra power. However, if you only use it to check Facebook, send texts
and make calls then you don't really need all this speed.

DO YOU FIND YOUR PHONE TOO SMALL?

If you find your screen hard to see, or want to be able to watch videos at a
bigger size, then it might be worth upgrading. The 6S Plus has a 5.5-inch screen
which is great for viewing photos, words or videos.

It makes using apps like Instagram so much better and most people would be happy
watching a movie on it.

However, it is big. If you have an older, smaller iPhone then it might be worth
going to a shop to try it out in person before buying. If you are unsure, then
the 6S is a nice compromise at 4.7 inches.

Also, this year, the iPhones are heavier, with the 6S Plus weighing 192g which
could be tough for some people to hold in one hand.

IS MY 4S STILL OK?

If you only use your phone a few times a day, then, yes, it's fine. It's still
capable of running iOS 9, so it still works OK as a basic smartphone.

However, it won't work with some apps and the camera is looking pretty old.

Don't feel pressured to upgrade just because everyone else seems to be. If you
find it OK, then stick with it. Also, if you do want to upgrade you don't have
to get the latest.

An iPhone 6 will be a significant improvement and is $200 cheaper than the 6S
models.

SO, DO I REALLY NEED TO UPGRADE?

That's up to you. The new 6S iPhones are very nice devices and quite a
significant improvement over the iPhone 4 or 5 models.

It's a harder decision for iPhone 6 owners, but if you answer yes to any of the
first five questions then it might be worth going shopping.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple customers queue to get the latest device in Sydney last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

The new iPhones cost between $1200 and $1800.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

MobiKwik rolls out support for app on iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and Apple Watch

BYLINE: FE Online

LENGTH: 352  words


Mobile payments network, MobiKwik has rolled out updates for its app for the new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The latest release of the iOS app - version 5.6
launched on October 11 - with its presses, peeks, and pops, will support the 3D
Force Touch feature and iOS 9 users in India. With this, accessing features and
offers on MobiKwik becomes easier as extra taps and clicks are eliminated.

Apple has chosen the MobiKwik iOS app for demonstrating 3D Force Touch feature
on iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus to customers at Apple Shops and Apple Premium
resellers. It is among the few apps that support 3D Force Touch, some others
being Instagram, Pinterest, Dropbox,Facebook and Evernote.

The 3D Force Touch feature in the newly launched iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus
enables different actions to be triggered depending on the pressure of the touch
applied to the screen. Following the update to the MobiKwik app for iOS, this
enhancement will be used to let users recharge their devices, transfer money,
and shop online more quickly and directly from the home screen of their iPhone
6s and 6s Plus using Quick Actions.

Peek and Pop at features and offers

The 3D force touch feature enables users to Peek and Pop app screens. So, once
the user taps the MobiKwik app,  Peek and Pop is activated, which lets users
shallow-press the screen to launch a pop-up window that offers a glimpse of
features and offers. WIth a deep press on 3D Touch, users can either open it, or
release it to return to the list.

Spotlight Search

On iOS 9, users can now search for features or offers without even opening the
Mobikwik app. They can open Spotlight Search by swiping down on the home screen
and typing "recharge" or "offer" and matching MobiKwik titles will appear among
the results.

Apple Watch OS 2 update, changes the way you pay through your wearable

The update via a companion app brings with it support for the Apple Watch. On
the wearable, users can now recharge their mobile phones with a tap, as well as
browse through top offers, shop and much more. The app for the wearable also
brings support for the latest Apple watchOS 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Globe offers complete iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus postpaid bundles

LENGTH: 565  words


Undisputed number 1 postpaid brand Globe Telecom has unveiled its best-ever
offers for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, giving customers the most complete
digital experience with a full-packed postpaid plan bundle with a lower monthly
plan at a shorter contract period.

The iPhone 6s 16GB will be available on Plan 1799 with P450 monthly cashout
while iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available on Plan 1799 with P650 monthly
cashout, both on a 24- month contract period.

With Plan 1799, customers can enjoy a best-value postpaid plan package with
bigger data allocation and free access to exclusive content for a complete
digital experience. Under the postpaid plan bundle, customers get 10GB of mobile
data per month for worry-free connectivity, access to non-stop music, movies,
and games with free access to Spotify Premium, HOOQ and top mobile games for 3
months, free access to Facebook, Viber and Instagram for 24 months, and
unlimited calls to Globe and TM and unlimited texts to all networks all for 24
months.

Customers also get exclusive deals together with their postpaid plans that
include free Gadget Care for 30 days; free 1GB of Globe Cloud storage for 24
months; and P500 discount on digital connectors from Globe for every P1500
purchase at the Globe Store. Bonus deals also await new postpaid customers
through the G Deals App, an all-in-one app that showcases offerings from various
deal sites. These deals include P600 voucher for Hotel Quickly, P200 voucher for
GrabCar, no transaction fees for GMovies ticket bookings, and food treats from
partner establishments booked via restaurant reservation app sEATs.

We are very excited to be offering the new iPhones in the Philippines once again
with our unbeatable offers for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to cater to the
burgeoning shift to the digital lifestyle. With our innovative offerings that
showcase a lower monthly plan at a shorter lock-up period, customers can
maximize the features of the new iPhones with more than double the data
allocation for uninterrupted surfing and free access to music, movies and games.
Completing the best digital experience in a postpaid plan is an entire 24-month
free access to the world's top social networking and messaging sites as well as
unlimited calls to Globe and TM and unlimited texts to all networks. We have
also added freebies such as discount vouchers and exclusive freebies for an
iPhone experience definitely made more wonderful, said Globe Senior Vice
President for Consumer Mobile Marketing Issa Cabreira.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses force to enable
intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content. The new iPhones
introduce a transformative new approach to photography called Live Photos,
bringing still images to life by capturing a moment in motion. Live Photos, 3D
Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera with Retina
Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the most advanced chip
ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great battery life.
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with Retina HD displays made from the
strongest glass on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminum, the same alloy used
in the aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose
gold.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             October 2, 2015 Friday

'Imported' phones on sale online: Latest Apple iPhone is available here, but you
will have to pay more

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 441 words


NEW DELHI: For those not willing to wait, they're already available in India...
the new iPhone 6s models. But the phones won't come with a company guarantee.
Barely two weeks before some of the most sought after smartphones hit retail
shops in India, Apple's latest offerings - iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus - are
available on eBay India and some reseller sites such as OLX and Quikr for what
appears to be an astounding marked up price.

One can buy an 'imported' iPhone 6s 128 GB model for Rs 1,14,999 on ebay.in,
which will be delivered anywhere in India within five to six days of receiving
payment. The seller also offers a six-month seller warranty on models including
the iPhone 6s 16 GB model for Rs 69,999 and the 64 GB variant for Rs 84,999.
These are backed by an eBay guarantee.

Another seller on used-goods site Olx. in is offering the iPhone 6s 64 GB for Rs
75,000 and can ship it within a day, while one on Quikr.com has put a 65,000 tag
for the 16 GB variant of iPhone 6s Plus.

"There will be no guarantee or warranty on this phone," a seller on Olx.in told
ET. "The phones come from overseas and won't have the standard warranty or
guarantee."

The phones have become available in India five days after the September 25
launch in the US and 11 other countries. The Cupertino-based smartphone maker
said it sold over 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones over the first
weekend, a record.

The devices will be available in retail stores in India on the intervening night
of October 15 and 16. While Apple is yet to announce prices for India, as per
trade estimates, the 16 GB iPhone 6s will be priced at Rs 55,000-56,000 and the
iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB model will be sold for Rs 65,000-66,000. "We recommend our
customers buy Apple branded products from authorised Apple resellers to ensure
they receive the best possible customer service and post-sales experience. We
haven't announced the pricing at this point of time," the company said.

Sources at Apple said the phones sold on various websites are imported and won't
have guarantees. They said buyers would be risking paying all the money upfront
with no guarantee of delivery. OLX did not respond to queries on listings on
their sites.

Quikr said it has a comprehensive policy on its website that outlines the types
of products for which listing or posting of classifieds or information is
prohibited. "We also spend time educating buyers about what to check before
buying the product listed by the seller," Atul Tewari, COO at Quikr, said in an
email.

An eBay India spokesperson clarified that the seller warranty was not akin to
manufacturer warranty.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone SE features smaller screen, lower price

BYLINE: Jim Rossman

LENGTH: 588  words


SMALL, medium or large? You might drive a Toyota Prius, and I might drive a
Chevrolet Silverado. I might like a shot of espresso while you might like a Big
Gulp. Seems like there's a right size for everything-including cell phones.
Apple introduced the original iPhone with a 3.5-inch screen and kept that size
through the iPhone 4S, before screens started getting bigger.

It's just in the last two years that Apple started rolling out two iPhones per
year with differing screen sizes. But those new screen sizes were big and
bigger.

Apple jumped from the 4-inch screen of the iPhone 5S to give customers the
4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

Just like that, Apple decided iPhone users wanted bigger screens, but did we
really?

I've read that 25 percent of iPhone users did not upgrade to one of the larger
iPhones. Indeed, Apple kept selling the iPhone 5S with its smaller screen and
two-year-old processor as the entry level iPhone, and it was apparently selling
pretty well.

A lot of people I know were not happy that Apple was forcing larger iPhones on
them. I like to keep my phone in my back pocket, and I found the iPhone 6S Plus
just too big. I'm sure people who wear smaller pants than I do have that same
problem.

I also know iPad mini owners who think the larger iPhones are just too close in
size to their iPads.

Plus, a lot of people like using their phone one-handed, and the 6S made that
almost impossible.

Thankfully, Apple decided to listen to the market and introduce the iPhone SE,
which is basically the guts of an iPhone 6S crammed into the case of an iPhone
5S.

THE GOOD STUFF

THE iPhone SE has a lot of features in common with the iPhone 6S, but not
everything.

The SE uses the same processor, the A9, with the same M9 motion coprocessor. The
main camera on the SE is the same .12-megapixel model as in the 6S, and it can
capture 4K HD video.

The SE has a CPU that's twice as fast and graphics performance three times as
fast as the iPhone 5S.

The SE also has Apple Pay, which is missing from the 5S. The faster processor
also allows for Hey, Siri hands-free use.

THE DIFFERENCES

THE insides of the SE have a lot in common with the 6S, but the case and screen
are the same as the 5S.

That means the SE's 4-inch screen has a resolution of 1136 x 640 pixels with a
pixel density of 326 pixels per inch. It uses Apple's first-generation Touch ID
sensor, which is not as fast as the second-generation fingerprint sensor of the
6S.

The fingerprint recognition is still plenty fast, but not lightning-fast like in
the 6S.

THE PRICE DROP

APPLE surprised a lot of people with a low starting price for the SE. There are
two storage configurations-16 gigabytes for $399 and 64 gb for $499. The low
starting price is going to bring a lot of new customers to Apple and, perhaps,
convince a number of iPhone 5 and 5S users to upgrade.

The iPhone 6S starts $250 higher at $649.

There are naysayers who claim Apple is going to eat into its own market share
with the SE, but honestly, while there are some 6S and 6S Plus users who will
jump to a smaller iPhone, I think the people holding onto their 5S handset now
have a good reason to upgrade.

Plus, in markets like China and India, iPhones have been out of reach for a good
chunk of the population. The SE will be popular overseas.

Apple seems to be pretty good at waiting to see what people want and then giving
it to them.

People are fickle. We want bigger phones until it's all we have, and then we
want smaller phones. Now there is a current-generation iPhone for everyone.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                               Bangalore Edition

iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Cheaper by up to 16%

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BRANDS & COMPANIES

LENGTH: 345 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according to
four . 52,000 and ' large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%,

a top executive at a national retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about ' . 62,000-.
. 8,000. 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone ' 6 and 6 Plus. The models were
' . 14,000. 16,000 costlier than those available in ' the US, Middle East and
Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever

quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting . 24,999, almost half its September at
' price.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Abans launches Apple iphone 6s and 6s plus

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 26 -- Abans Group, the Authorized Reseller / Service Provider
for Apple in Sri-lanka left no stone unturned on 19th November at the launch for
the much awaited iphone 6s and 6s plus. The Colombo Abans Apple istores
witnessed a night packed with umpteen excitement, glitz and glamour,
establishing a strong footing for being the first of this caliber in the nation.

Abans Authorized Apple Reseller and Service Provider marked its presence in
Sri-lanka in 2007 with ipod's later branching into a wider product range
comprising of the Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, Macbook Pro Retina Display, imac,
ipad Air 2, ipad Mini 3, Macbook Gold, Macbook Space Grey, iphone 5s, iphone 6
and now the iphone 6s and 6s Plus. We will also bring the new apple products in
the coming months. ipad pro will be launched shortly.

A pre-order campaign was initiated on the 13th of November by Abans Group
leading up to the night of the event wherein customers who pre-ordered their
latest iphones before the 19th of November could collect them on the night of
the launch. American Express joined hands with Abans to offer customers 2
installments waived off on all pre-orders till the 19th of November. In the
hours leading up to the launch the excitement grew simultaneously with the
number of consumers queuing up to collect their phones. When the doors opened to
the public at midnight the first consumer was greeted overwhelmingly to make it
an experience of a lifetime.

Adding to the excitement of the night consumers were given a free back cover,
screen protector, assistance to transfer existing data onto their new phones,
free training and demonstration of the iphone 6s and 6s Plus.

Since its grand unveiling at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium the iphone 6s and
6s Plus has flourished with rave reviews often being referred to as a game
changer in the iphone series. The star feature of this phone is the "3D Touch"
technology, which enables you to activate menus or options by pressing down
harder onto the screen without having to specifically open the app. Both the
iphone 6s and 6s Plus contain an A9 processor with a 12-megapixel-rear camera
which is an upgrade to its predecessor of 8 megapixels. Along with improved
camera quality consumers are also able to shoot 4K videos and "Live Photos"
where pictures captured are generated into short video clips.

The front camera features 5 megapixels with an added option of flash photography
for users passionate about selfies. In addition to this the phones are built
with a 7000 Series less bendable aluminium for a hassle free usage. The new Rose
Gold colour will join the existing Gold, Silver and Space Grey to give consumers
more colour choices to suit their preferences.

Careful planning and meticulous training was provided to the 15 Apple certified
product professionals to efficiently serve clients. Going a step further Abans
also includes drop damage warranty coverage, a service exclusive to Abans in
Sri-lanka. Join Abans in this revolutionary walk into the new era of modern
technology.

Visit Abans Apple istores today to experience the new iphone 6s & iphone 6s Plus
and get a free demonstration & free training from our Apple product
professionals.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: LG G5 vs HTC 10 vs Apple iPhone 6S vs Samsung Galaxy S7

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 418 words


NEW DELHI: LG has launched its first modular smartphone G5 in India. Priced at
Rs 52,990 the Android Marshmallow-based smartphone comes with fingerprint sensor
and a USB Type-C and will compete with the likes of HTC 10 , Samsung Galaxy S7
and Apple iPhone 6S .DisplayLG G5: 5.3 inches (1440 x 2560 pixel) resolution QHD
displayHTC 10: 5.2-inch (1,440x2,560 pixels) resolution QHD super LCD
displayApple iPhone 6S: 4.7-inch (750x1334 pixels) LED-backlit IPS LCD,
capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSamsung Galaxy S7: 5.1-inch (1440 x 2560
pixels) Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsOperating systemLG G5:
Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)HTC 10: Android OS, v6.0.1 (Marshmallow)Apple
iPhone 6S: iOS 9 Samsung Galaxy S7: Android OS, v6.0 (Marshmallow)StorageLG G5:
32GB inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBHTC 10: 32/64GB
inbuilt storage expandable via microSD card up to 200GBApple iPhone 6S:
16/64/128GB inbuilt storageSamsung Galaxy S7: 32/64GB, microSD card up to
200GBRAMLG G5: 4GB RAMHTC 10: 4GB RAMApple iPhone 6S: 2GB RAMSamsung Galaxy S7:
4GB RAMRear cameraLG G5: 16 MP (f/1.8) + 8 MP (f/2.4), laser autofocus, OIS
(3-axis), LED flashHTC 10: 12MP, f/1.8, 26mm, OIS, laser autofocus, dual-LED
(dual tone) flashApple iPhone 6S: 12MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus,
dual-LED (dual tone) flashSamsung Galaxy S7: 12MP, f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection
autofocus, OIS, LED flashFront cameraLG G5: 8MPHTC 10: 5MPApple iPhone 6S:
5MPSamsung Galaxy S7: 5MPBatteryLG G5: Removable Li-Ion 2800 mAh batteryHTC 10:
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh batteryApple iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715mAh
battery (6.9 Wh)Samsung Galaxy S7: Non-removable Li-Ion 3000mAh
batteryConnectivityLG G5: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothHTC 10: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi,
BluetoothApple iPhone 6S: 2G, 3G, 4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothSamsung Galaxy S7: 2G, 3G,
4G, Wi-Fi, BluetoothProcessorLG G5: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorHTC 10:
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processorApple iPhone 6S: A9 processorSamsung Galaxy S7:
Exynos 8890 64-bit octa-core (2.3GHz quad-core + 1.6GHz quad-core)
processorMiscellaneousLG G5: Fringerprint sensor, NFC, Infrared, USB Type-CHTC
10: Fingerprint sensor, NFC, USB Type-C, HTC's BoomsoundApple iPhone 6S: 3D
Touch, Live Photo, Fingerprint sensor, Proactive AssistantSamsung Galaxy S7:
Waterproof, Fast Charging, Liquid cooling technology, Always On display, Dual
pixel cameraPriceLG G5: 52,990HTC 10: 52,990Apple iPhone 6S: 62,000Samsung
Galaxy S7: 48,900


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

iPhone 6S, 6S Plus to hit Indian shores on Oct 16

LENGTH: 289  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 29 -- Iconic tech giant Apple will unveil its latest iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October 16.
 This will be the fastest iPhone rollout ever for the Indian market, coming less
than a month after the latest models became available globally.


 The availability of the new devices, that compete with the likes of Samsung's
Galaxy Note5 and Galaxy S6 Edge+, will enable the US-based firm to cash in on
the upcoming festive season.
 While the company announced the date of launch in India on its website, it did
not disclose the pricing for the Indian market.
 The company has sold over 13 million units of the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus on the first three days of their availability, breaking its record of 10
million units sold last year by iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 Apple made the new iPhone models available for sale on September 25 across the
US, the UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New
Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore.
 The US-based tech giant is seeking to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.
 The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.
 One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.
 The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and
the 6S Plus - which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" - has the same 5.5-inch screen.
 But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S review

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 2070 words


With the iPhone 6S, Apple is trying hard to change the perception that its new
flagship is merely an iterative update to its predecessor. So much that its
tagline for its new iPhones is 'the only thing that's changed is everything.'
The phone brings some brand-new features such as 3D Touch and takes one of the
biggest leaps in terms of camera hardware. We try to find out if the iPhone 6S
is the best smartphone money can buy...

Looks just like the iPhone 6

The iPhone 6S looks exactly like the iPhone 6. It's slightly thicker and heavier
but you won't really notice it. However, Apple's played the colour card and
introduced a new rose gold variant, which is essentially a light shade of pink
with a gold tint, for people who really want to tell the world it's the new
iPhone.

It also sports the same metal and glass build with rounded edges and curved
front glass panel but Apple claims to have used stronger materials including
7000 Series aluminium for the body and the strongest cover glass used on any
smartphone in the world. It's probably a confidence building measure after the
company was embroiled in the 'bendgate' controversy with its iPhone 6 Plus
buckling to external pressure and bending as evident from the large number of
videos that appeared on the internet. Of course, we never bend other phones to
check if they deform and treated the iPhone 6S the same way.

We think iPhone 6S is still the perfect phone if you're looking for a device
that's optimized for one-hand use. If you like the iPhone 6 design, there's
nothing that's going to prevent you from appreciating the 6S' form. The phone
even supports the same cases.

Same old display

iPhone 6S retains the iPhone 6's 4.7-inch display that sports 750x1334p
resolution packing in 336 pixels per inch. While you're unlikely to notice any
pixilation or distortion unless you look really closely, we still feel Apple
could have used a full-HD display. The display is perfectly readable under
sunlight and has wide viewing angles thanks to dual-domain pixels. Colour
reproduction is also good along with deep enough black levels. The screen also
boasts of a fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating to prevent smudging.

The new display also integrates sensors that can recognize different levels of
force for the new 3D Touch feature (more on that later).

Unique software features - 3D Touch & Live Photos

iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9, the latest version of Apple's mobile operating
system. Interestingly, some features of the OS are limited to the iPhone 6S and
6S Plus - 3D Touch and Live Photos.

3D Touch is a new way of interacting with the phone's touch screen and is an
enhanced version of Force Touch which was first seen in the Apple Watch. Just
like you pinch the screen to zoom in or double tap to zoom out on most phones,
with 3D Touch you press the screen forcefully for previewing content and even
harder for viewing it. Apple calls the two touch levels peek and pop. The
feature has been implemented in most built-in apps including Photos, Phone,
Messages, Camera and Mail, and in third party apps like Facebook, Instagram,
Zomato and Paytm. Apple has also put a new taptic engine that offers haptic
feedback (a subtle vibration) when you peek or pop.

There are a few major applications of 3D Touch on iPhone 6S - for instance you
can preview emails, messages or pictures with the peek gesture and open them
with a pop. You can firmly swipe from the left edge to go the multitasking view
and don't need to double tap on the Home button. You can also use the software
keyboard as a trackpad to navigate around a document by a forcefully tapping on
the keyboard. The Notes app is also able to distinguish between force touch and
normal touch and lets you switch to a darker drawing mode when you choose the
former.

One interesting application is home screen quick actions that let you go to a
particular section of the app without opening it. This means you can force tap
on the camera app shortcut to go directly to the selfie mode or post a tweet
quickly by going directly on this screen. More third party apps are integrating
this feature but we feel it could have been made more useful by eliminating the
need to go inside the app. For instance force tapping on Facebook and selecting
the Update status message could bring a small box that lets us update the status
or force tapping on Music could show playback controls.

Live Photos

Another fun feature is Live Photos. Think of having the option of shooting a
3-second animated GIF with sound each time you shoot a still. So you can see
your kid in action each time you play the photo. Yes, the camera covers some
action even before you hit the shutter button. Live Photos play when you tap
hard on the screen. You can also set Live Photos as your wallpaper and play them
by force tapping on the screen.

You can share Live Photos using iMessage, iCloud Photo Sharing, or AirDrop, as
well as other Apple devices, including Apple Watch. Shared elsewhere, Live Photo
is sent as a still photo, or if you decide to edit it. Apple says it will be
coming out soon with new API for Live Photos, so that developers can add
app-to-app sharing of Live Photos too. So it's just a matter of time before you
can share Live Photos on Facebook and WhatsApp.

We found playing with Live Photos fun and they make for livelier and creative
wallpapers. While a number of phones including the Lumias and HTC One devices
have been offering a similar feature, Apple's implementation has made it easy to
discover and use.

Other iOS 9 features

iPhone 6S runs Apple's iOS 9 that introduces some new features and upgrades to
system apps. The biggest update that iOS 9 brings to the iPhone is
'intelligence,' part of which is the Proactive Assistant that offers contextual
information based on your email, calendar and usage pattern.

For instance, if you have a meeting scheduled in your calendar, it will remind
you before time and even offer an update on traffic conditions. It adds events
to the Calendar from emails and suggests actions when you connect an accessory.

Another feature is enhanced search and a better Siri (Apple's voice assistant)
experience. Siri also offers search suggestions including nearby places,
frequently used apps and people and local news. It's also able to search inside
third-party apps, do math and conversions and display sports scores and weather
forecasts. A lot of these features are unavailable in India as Apple doesn't
offer directions on maps and information related to places of interest so we
couldn't really use them. Deep linking or the ability to display content from
apps does work to some extent. For example, searching a restaurant will display
its Zomato listing if you've browsed through it in the past.

A new low-power mode reduces or turn off non-essential tasks such as visual
effects and automatic downloads. The phone also won't check for new mail or
update content for apps in the background as often in that mode. We found that
this mode does stretch the battery at the cost of being up to date with
notifications.

Visually, there's not much change but the app previews in multitasking view now
appear as stacked cards, allowing you to flip through them.

Overall, iOS 9 is more about fine tuning iOS 8 and making the experience more
stable. Sadly, you'll still need to rely on Google's third party apps for key
features including maps and navigation, in India. Even Spotlight Suggestions and
enhanced search are not available in the region.

(##include msid=29593805,type=9 ##)

Consistently good camera

We all know Apple was never too obsessed with megapixels but the iPhone 6S is a
major upgrade after many years, progressing to a 12MP sensor on the back and a
5MP selfie camera.

Does it lead to any improvement? Well, compared to photos shot with the iPhone 6
which features an 8MP camera, pictures taken with the 6S are brighter, colours
are more vivid and you'll even notice some more detail. However, it's not a huge
leap as the iPhone 6 camera is already one of the best in business. Compared to
other smartphones, we'll still say that Samsung's new Note phone and S6 edge+
give tough competition but the iPhone's USP is its consistency. You can just
take the phone out and shoot without bothering to tinker with any settings.

Sadly, the iPhone 6S doesn't feature Optical Image Stabilisation which is only
in the Plus variant. This could have made low light shots even better and
reduced shake in videos.

A big addition to the iPhone 6S is support for 4K recording - the ability to
shoot video in resolution four times higher than full-HD. Remember that these
videos do look better than full-HD but take up more space on the phone. Also,
only a few screens support 4K playback at this point in time. You're better off
using full-HD if it's for personal use and you don't have a 4K device.

The iPhone 6S also uses the phone's screen as a front flash for selfies shot in
low light conditions. Again, this is not the first time we're seeing this
feature but selfies shot in the dark do look natural and consistently lit up
when you use this feature.

Great performance

Most iPhone users don't upgrade phones for better processors or RAM alone, but
Apple claims the new A9 processor that powers iPhone 6S is almost 90% faster
than the iPhone 6 in graphics rendering and 75% in overall use.

We noticed minor differences in app launch times and while switching between
apps. According to reports, the new iPhone comes with 2GB RAM, which is double
the system memory of last year's models. We did notice some minor difference in
multitasking capabilities - apps running in the background launch faster when
you fire them up and Safari doesn't refresh as frequently.

Games such as Infinity Blade III and Asphalt 8 run smoothly without any stutter
or lag whatsoever and showcase the graphics prowess of the iPhone 6S.

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor is twice as fast. So, you can unlock your phone
and get to the home screen faster if you use this feature.

The phone has an upgraded Wi-Fi and cellular antenna and we did notice that it
loads pages faster compared to the iPhone 6 on the same network connection. It
works with Airtel's 4G network without any issues and delivers decent speeds.

Apple claims the talk-time and standby time of iPhone 6S remain the same. And
that is despite the new A9 processor and 4K video recording capability. In our
use, we got about 12-12 hours of standby with 6 to 7 hours of usage. Our usage
included checking our Twitter account every now and then, clicking some
pictures, receiving emails on three accounts and making calls for at least two
hours. If you play video for longer periods, the battery depletes even faster.
There's not much difference in the battery backup if you compare the phone to
the iPhone 6 and that's not really a good thing.

So should you take the leap of faith?

On the surface, the major features the iPhone 6S offers is 3D Touch and Live
Photos but it does come with remarkable improvements in build quality, a faster
processor and fingerprint scanner, upgraded camera and better connectivity. At a
starting price of Rs 62,000 for 16GB, the iPhone 6S is anything but affordable
so it's certainly not for everyone.

For iPhone 6 users, it's not a major upgrade. But if you find the new features
like 3D Touch interesting and have a lot of cash to shell out, then we'd say
nothing should hold you back.

However, if you're looking to buy your first (or second) iPhone and want to save
some cash, we feel the iPhone 6 is the perfect device offering a great window to
Apple's software ecosystem and some useful features that you'll need. The same
also holds true if you are looking to cross over from the Android world.

Is the iPhone 6S the best smartphone available at the moment? In our opinion,
the iPhone 6S offers a great smartphone experience and the key here is
consistency and stability. Having said that we'd never buy the 16GB version
especially with Live Photos that take up double the storage space and 4K videos.
So the next best thing is the 64GB version that costs Rs 72,000. This price is
outrageously high especially when rivals like Samsung's Galaxy S6, Google's
Nexus 6P and Sony's Xperia Z5 deliver a premium experience at a much lower
price. And it's not just about hardware specifications; Android has reached a
point where it's not just a highly customizable OS meant only for power users.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            August 18, 2015 Tuesday

Apple could announce a 5 inch iPhone next month

LENGTH: 286  words


A total of three iPhones incoming next month?

By tbreak Staff -

In addition to sporting a Qualcomm LTE modem, it looks like we might be getting
another iPhone 6s next month; one that does not feature a screen of 4.7 inches
or 5.5 inches. Instead, the latest rumor suggests that the upcoming handset is
going to feature a screen size of 5.0 inches. Even with one month remaining for
Apple's highly anticipated smartphone duo, leaks continue to flow.

According to the source that brought up the rumor in the first place, it looks
like we will be bearing witness to more than two iPhone 6s models. As always,
the regular iPhone 6s will have a screen size of 4.7 inches, while its larger
counterpart will have a screen size of 5.5 inches. Interestingly enough, we have
also come across additional information that states that while the resolution of
the 5.0 inch iPhone 6s will be 1080p, it will be sporting a rear camera of 8MP.

The previous report suggests that the upcoming iPhone 6s will have a 12MP rear
camera sensor. Now coming to the rumor at hand, the source reminds us that if we
want to get our hands on a better performing camera sensor, then we are going to
have to spend more money and purchase an iPhone 6s Plus, which has been rumored
to feature a 1440p display.

With a 5.0 inch iPhone 6s sporting a resolution of 1080p, it could mean that the
4.7 inch model could be rendering an even smaller resolution. However, since the
source already indicated that this was just another rumor, we have no choice but
to treat it with the same impression. Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are
going to feature 14nm/16nm FinFET chips, so we will be looking forward to the
announcement that Apple is going to make next month.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 2:04 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumours suggest new Apple smartphone will feature motion wallpaper as
release date nears;
The rumour has been sparked by a leaked image of the supposed packaging for
Apple's iPhone 6 smartphone

BYLINE: By Jon Livesey

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 609 words


The soon-to-be-unveiled iPhone 6s will include a motion wallpaper feature.

At least that's according to rumours sparked by a leaked picture of the
packaging for Apple's latest smartphone.

The image, which has emerged via website MacX ahead of today's official launch,
is similar to pictures of the apparent iPhone 6s Plus box, which were shared
last month.

Like the iPhone 6s Plus box, it features a koi-like fish against a white
surface.

And, according to macrumours.com, it has given rise to yet more rumours that the
updated handsets will include a motion wallpaper feature.

It is thought that the motion backgrounds will be similar to the dynamic
wallpapers introduced by Apple with iOS 7 and resemble those on the Apple Watch.

Sources suggest images will include impressive and detailed scenes ranging from
fish in a koi pond to different coloured smoke clouds.

Is this a tantalising glimpse of the iPhone 6s?

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones are expected to be unveiled at a
launch event later today.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time. For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple is also set to unveil a king-size, 12.9in iPad and a 12.2ins iPad Air Plus
to take on Microsoft's 12ins Surface Pro 3. A cheaper gold Apple Watch is also
on the cards.

The tech giant will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch via the Mirror.co.uk stream HERE from 7pm.

Here are the rest of the rumoured iPhone announcements and features:

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch.

According to pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the
iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         South East Asian News (India)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to be Available with Celcom, Digi from Tonight

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: KUALA LUMPUR


KUALA LUMPUR, Oct. 15 -- IPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will now be available with
Celcom Axiata Bhd and Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd from tonight. The iPhone
6s 16GB of Celcom will be available for RM1,058 from Oct. 16 morning, whereas,
iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available at RM1,478.

In addition, the customers will also get a limited period offer of12GB
complimentary data (1GB per month for 12 months). Besides that, iPhone 6, iPhone
6 Plus and iPhone 5s are also available.

According to Digi, an extra RM200 rebate will be offered to customers who
pre-order an iPhone on signing up with a Digi SmartPlan 98. In addition, the
customers who change over to Digi will be saving RM300.

The four main outlets where Celcom customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus are Blue Cube@Sunway Pyramid, Blue Cube Publika, Celcom Centre Taman
Molek, Johor Baru and Blue Cube Elit Avenue Bayan Baru, Penang. Apart from that,
Celcom will also be offering trade-in values for current iPhones.

However, Digi will be conducting various launch events at six Digi Stores around
the country. The stores include SS2, Petaling Jaya; Kuantan, Pahang; Pulau
Tikus, Penang; Danga Bay, Johor; Kuching, Sarawak and Api Api, Sabah. The
customers will be available to make their purchases of the iPhone from these
stores.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from South East Asian News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Big improvements but a small phone is still small;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 835 words


There is a conundrum at the heart of all the screens we carry in our pockets:
the ones that are small enough to carry easily are too small to use easily, and
the ones that are big enough to use easily are too big to carry easily.

There is no middle ground, no happy medium. Ideal portability stops at screen
sizes of about four inches. Ideal usability starts at screen sizes of about five
inches. Until someone comes up with a phone with an expandable screen, or one
that projects the display directly into your retina or something, the devices we
carry are always going to be the wrong size in some respect.

Until someone comes up with a cure, we have to choose our poison.

And I must say that, after five days of carrying around the tiny iPhone SE, it's
a poison I'd be willing to swallow.

The iPhone SE is basically the guts of an iPhone 6s, squeezed into the shell of
an iPhone 5s. There are a few differences, a few things from the iPhone 6s that
wouldn't squeeze into the smaller shell, as well as one improvement to the 6s,
which appear to have been happy side effects from the squeezing process, but
that's basically it. A 4.7-inch phone, barely big enough to use easily, shrunk
down to 4 inches, just small enough to carry easily.

Of course, your definition of easy carrying will vary, depending on your size
and habits. For me, the test of easy carrying is whether a phone can fit in my
shirt pocket without giving rise to the constant, nagging anxiety that it's
about to topple out; and whether I can climb onto a motorcycle with a phone in
my front jeans pocket, without giving rise to the feeling that either the phone,
or my hip, is going to snap.

On both counts, the iPhone SE has been a very welcome relief these past five
days, after several weeks of carrying around the utterly brilliant, but very
large, Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.

One of the many things to like about the Galaxy S7 edge is its battery life,
which can easily make it into a second day, and sometimes even a third day, on a
single charge. Compare that with the iPhone 6s, which with the same usage
patterns usually makes it to the end of one day, but not always. Battery life is
the iPhone 6s's single biggest weakness.

So I'm very pleased to report that, based on five days of testing (enough to be
indicative, but not enough to be definitive), the iPhone SE has roughly 150 per
cent of the battery life of the 6s. Putting it onto the charger after fairly
heavy days of usage, it's had an average of 52 per cent and never less than 44
per cent charge remaining, suggesting it should get well into a second day of
use before it needs recharging. That's enough to get you through an impromptu
sleepover (wink wink), which should always be the test of halfway decent battery
life.

On the negative side of the ledger, the iPhone SE lacks the 3D Touch feature of
the iPhone 6s, which is the pressure-sensitive feature that lets apps do
different things depending on how hard you press on the screen. It's one of the
niftier features to appear on mobile phones in recent years, though I must say
that, much as I am enamoured of 3D Touch, I do forget to take advantage of it
most of the time. That it's missing on the iPhone SE is, for me at least, more
of a theoretical disappointment than an actual one.

The same could be said of the front-facing camera on the iPhone SE: it's not as
high-res as the one on the 6s, but as someone who eschews the selfie, that's
barely a disappointment at all.

And in any case, it's not a bad selfie camera at all.

Other than that, the iPhone SE is more or less the same as an iPhone 6s, only
much smaller. The performance is practically identical, both in our benchmarks
and in practice, due to the fact it has the identical processor.

The rear camera on the SE is said to be the same as the rear camera on the
iPhone 6s, and it takes photos that, in our tests, are indistinguishable. That's
a good thing, because we rate that camera as one of the best on the market. (But
not the very best. The best is the camera on the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge.)

Another thing the iPhone SE has inherited from the iPhone 6s is the "always on"
Siri feature, which activates the phone's voice recognition system whenever you
say "Hey Siri". It's a very useful feature, particularly when you're driving (I
used it a lot for navigation over the Easter holidays), but it was never
available on the iPhone 5s because it relies on the newer, more energy-efficient
co-processor that first appeared in the 6s.

Ultimately the iPhone SE can't escape the physical realities of its size. Sure,
the always on Siri helps overcome the limits of the four-inch screen size, by
allowing you to avoid typing on the tiny keyboard, but that's only on the
margins of usage. Mostly you will be typing into a tiny keyboard and trying to
use apps on a four-inch screen.

It's definitely acceptable, but it's not optimal. It comes down to a simple
question of what matters to you most: what your phone feels like when it's in
your pocket, or when it's in your hands.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The iPhone SE has a four-inch screen.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

T-Mobile allows customers to buy iPhone 6s for $5/month with trade-in

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 274  words


On Wednesday, US wireless carrier T-Mobile announced a new initiative under
which it will sell tech giant Apple's new iPhones -- iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus -- for $5 per month with trade-in. The new iPhones are set to hit the
markets on September 25.

The new initiative announced by T-Mobile will enable customers to purchase the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones for a monthly payment as low as $5, if
they trade in an 'eligible' smartphone. The deal does not require customers to
make any down payment.

The eligible smartphones which customers can trade in -- to avail a $5-per-month
price for the new iPhones -- include iPhone 6; iPhone 6 Plus; Samsung Galaxy S6;
Galaxy S6 Edge; Galaxy S6 Edge+; and Galaxy Note 5. Any of these handsets can be
traded-in by customers, provided that the handsets are in working and undamaged
condition.

Other than the mentioned handsets which can be traded-in by customers to
purchase the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at $5 per month, the new promotion
announced by T-Mobile also allows customers to purchase the 16GB iPhone 6s by
paying $10 per month for 18 months if they trade in an iPhone 5s, Samsung Note
4, or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone.

Furthermore, under the new promotion, customers can also trade-in almost any
other smartphone, and purchase the new iPhones for $15 per month.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Business
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/business)T-Mobile
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/t-mobile)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Apple India to launch iPhone 6S, 6S Plus on October 16

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 340 words


NEW DELHI: Apple will launch its latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India on
October 16, just three weeks after the flagship phones' US launch, the company
said on Monday. Apple has informed its trade partners and top retailers in the
country that it will undertake a big midnight launch of the new iPhones and
targets to grow sales by 50-60% over what it had sold during last year's launch
phase.

Apple has also asked large retail chains, Apple premium resellers and big local
stores to take prebooking orders for the new iPhones from the first week of
October by when it plans to formalise and announce the price, said three senior
industry officials aware of the company's plans.

"Apple is progressively reducing the time to market of its new iPhones in India
reflecting the importance of the market and to take on rival Samsung which too
had preponed the launch of its latest flagships, Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6
edge+, this year by almost a month," a senior official with a trade partner
said. ET had earlier reported the new iPhones will hit India around October 15.

While Apple is yet to announce the price of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India, as
per trade estimates the 16GB iPhone 6s will be priced at around Rs 55,000-56,000
and the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB model will be sold at around Rs 65,000-66,000. The
prices will be much higher for 64 GB and 128 GB models. Apple started selling
the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models in the US on Friday and set a new record by
selling more than 13 million handsets in the first three days. Retailers in
India expect records to break in the country too. Lot Mobiles, which operates
225 stores across Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, expects business of around Rs 7
crore on the midnight launch of the new iPhones, 50% more than last year, its
executive director K Krishna Pawan said.

Analysts expect Apple to target iPhone 5 series users in the country, numbering
1.2 million as per Counterpoint Research, but they are divided over how many of
them would go for an upgrade.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

New dimension to plus-sized mobiles;
DIGITAL LIFE SMARTPHONES

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 903 words


There's a huge debate raging in my head, something you might call a storm in a
teacup except a teacup might be an over-generous description of my brain
capacity.

This storm in a tea thimble concerns large phones. Which phone, do you think, is
the best plus-sized phone on the market?

One moment I'm convinced it's Samsung's brilliant 5.7-inch Galaxy Note5, a phone
I turn to every day for productivity applications regardless of which other
phone I happen to be reviewing at the time. Its little stylus, which you can use
to write on the screen like a pen on paper, is incredibly useful, especially for
someone like me who needs to jot down notes and interview people all the time.

The next moment I'm convinced it's Apple's 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus, which I have
a feeling could turn out to have much of the utility of the Note5 despite its
lack of an electronic stylus, plus a whole level of creative functionality the
Note5 could never hope to match.

It's hard to resolve this debate right now, because much of the appeal of the
iPhone 6s Plus lies in things yet to come.

Like the iPhone 6s, the iPhone 6s Plus has a new feature known as 3D Touch,
which adds a new dimension to the way you can interact with your phone. As well
as the usual tap and swipe gestures, you can now press down on icons and inside
apps on the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and trigger different functions depending on
the app and depending on how hard you press.

On the keyboard on the iPhone 6s Plus, for instance, if you tap on a letter you
get that letter just like on any other keyboard, but if you press hard on a
letter the keyboard becomes a trackpad, enabling you to move a cursor quickly
and accurately through your text if, say, you need to make a correction. (How
that's better than moving your finger up into the text to select it, I'm not
sure, but it does illustrate the point that 3D Touch enables new functions.)

On a big-screen phone with the right creative apps, 3D Touch could be amazing,
especially when you consider Apple has almost doubled the graphics processing
power of the phone. It's hard to say just how amazing, because we don't really
have the apps yet that take full advantage of 3D Touch, so we don't yet know
what its

limits are, but based on what I've seen in a few days of using the iPhone 6s
Plus it's likely to be somewhere between quite amazing and absolutely bloody
amazing.

Apple has already added some 3D Touch functionality into its Note app, for
instance, which now lets you draw darker or lighter lines, or erase smaller or
larger areas, depending on how hard you press. It's a little thing, but imagine
what could happen when Adobe gets its hands on 3D Touch, and lets you change
your brush size or your feather radius or your layer opacity or whatever,
depending on how hard you press. It could be make for the best photo-editing app
ever to make it onto a phone.

Add a third-party stylus such as Adonit's Jot Pro, that lets you do all that
with a little more accuracy than you could with your finger, and suddenly you
could have all the advantages of a proper, pressure-sensitive stylus like the
one on the Note5, but on an iPhone, which tends to have better creative apps
than Android phones do.

My hesitation here is, it's hard to tell exactly how finessed and accurate the
pressure sensitivity of 3D Touch can be. On the one hand (or, more accurately,
one finger) apps such as Apple Mail demonstrate the new technology is capable of
quite a few levels of pressure - emails move smoothly in and out of focus,
depending on how hard you press on them - but on the other hand, Apple's lack of
adventurousness in its one drawing app, Note, suggests 3D Touch may prove
fiendishly hard to master for really accurate artistic work. We won't know for
sure until the serious creative apps begin to appear in coming weeks and months.

But they're bound to be good, that much is clear.

The reason I'm focusing on the creative side of the iPhone 6s Plus in this
review is that, after a year of on-and-off usage of the original iPhone 6 Plus,
I've formed the opinion that if you're not looking to Apple's plus-sized phone
for its creative features, you might as well get a regular-sized iPhone.

Unlike Samsung's Galaxy Note5 , which gives you a stylus as well as an extra-big
screen compared to the Galaxy S6, the iPhone 6s Plus mostly just offers the big
screen. It makes a big difference when you're, say, editing a photo on your
phone, but if you're just tapping out emails and social media updates, the
regular iPhone is more convenient to carry and, for my pixie-sized hands at
least, a good deal easier to type on, especially one handed.

For the record, the camera on the iPhone 6s Plus also has optical image
stabilisation that the regular iPhone 6s lacks, making it much better for
shooting movies, but that just goes to my point: the main appeal of the Plus is
on the creative side.

It's better than the regular iPhone for creating images and videos, and it's
better for viewing images and videos, too.L&L

John Davidson is taking a well-earned break for the next three weeks, scouring
the world for new gadgets to review. In the meantime, you can follow him on
Twitter: @DLLabs

iiPhone 6s Plus

Likes

3D Touch could revolutionise the way we use phones for creative apps

Dislikes

See price below

And it's a little larger than the Galaxy Note5 despite having a smaller screen

Price

$1229 for 16GB model to $1529 for the 128GB model

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THREE PHOTOS: Flowing caption Left: the iPhone 6s Plus compared with
the smaller iPhone 6s. Above: the Galaxy Note5.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Comparison: LG G5 vs Apple iPhone 6S

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 170 words


Korean smartphone giant LG has launched its. Key highlights of the LG G5 are:
Slide-out battery, dual-camera and Snapdragon 820 processor.

Though the company has not announced the smartphone's availability and pricing,
it said that the 'modular smartphone' will be available simultaneously across
the world. Here's how the LG's latest high-end smartphone G5 compares with
Apple's iPhone 6S.

Display

LG G5: 5.3 inch, IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors

iPhone 6S: 4.7 inch, 1334 x 750 IPS LCD

Processor

LG G5: Qualcomm Snapdragon 820

iPhone 6S: Apple A9 64-bit dual-core 1.84GHz

Software

LG G5: Android 6.0 Marshmallow

iPhone 6S: iOS9

RAM

LG G5: 4GB

iPhone 6S: 2GB

Storage

LG G5: 32GB, expandable up to 2TB

iPhone 6S: 16/64/128GB

Camera:

LG G5: Features dual rear cameras -- standard 16MP and wide angle 8MP; 8MP front

iPhone 6S: 12MP rear camera with dual LED 'True Tone' flash, 4K video; 5MP front
camera

Battery

LG G5: 2800mAh, can be boosted by another 4,000mAh

iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715 mAh

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 6:32 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1092 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 11:53 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, price rumours, specs and features ahead of Apple's new
'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch with in weeks. Here's
everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1094 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California tomorrow
- but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch later this month is what many people
are now calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold
alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 6pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 2:13 PM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch with in weeks. Here's
everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1094 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California tomorrow
- but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch later this month is what many people
are now calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold
alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 6pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 11:04 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, price rumours, specs and features ahead of Apple's new
'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch with in weeks. Here's
everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1095 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California
tomorrow - but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch later this month is what many people
are now calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold
alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 6pm here in the UK.

Read More: When is the Apple iPhone SE launch event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 20, 2016 Sunday 4:45 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, price rumours, specs and features ahead of Apple's new
'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch with in weeks. Here's
everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1096 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California
tomorrrow - but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch later this month is what many people
are now calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold
alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 6pm here in the UK.

Read More: When is the Apple iPhone SE launch event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 11:48 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 11:34 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 10:58 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 11:48 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 11:34 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 9:38 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 8:49 AM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1100 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Flipkart lists Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus at Rs 64,836 onwards

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 215  words


While the official sale of newest iPhone 6s, 6s Plus by Apple hasn't started in
India, the flagship devices have made their on e-commerce giant Flipkart. For
iPhone 6s you have many color choices, including Gold, Rose Gold, Silver, and
Space Grey. For the base model of 16 GB, iPhone 6s has been listed at Rs 64,836
whereas you have to pay Rs 74,117 and Rs 83,401 for the 64 GB and 128 GB variant
respectively.

On the other hand, the phablet-sized iPhone 6s Plus has been listed at Rs 74,117
for the base model and Rs 83,401 and Rs 88,478 for the subsequent variants. A
listing by some other seller has quoted the 64 GB Rose Gold iPhone 6s Plus price
at Rs 85,945.

Apple has not made any announcement regarding the pricing details for India, but
the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are likely to cost around the same range as listed
on Flipkart.

Another possibility is that may be the Flipkart prices turn out to be the
official prices. But the surprising thing is that the site has allowed for a
purchase and the listing has been done not for pre-order. But, the phone will be
delivered after October 16, which is the official release date of the phones in
India.

The newest iPhones have come with a tap-reducing feature known as 3D Touch and
Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold in the choices.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

New iPhone hits stores;
New iPhone hits...

LENGTH: 591 words



HIGHLIGHT: The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of
people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that
will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has
left.


The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of people - and
a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has left.

Analysts expect a record 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves
in the first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely
successful iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest
smartphone market.

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled robot.
"I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing." Fans around the
world have camped out for days prior to the release, and Apple has said
pre-orders suggested sales were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend
performance. Sales of iPhones accounted for nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue
in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, it is Apple's best-selling device
to date. "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the
Herculean iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
After a dramatic redesign last year, which included an enlarged screen and the
addition of mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements. The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature
improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology based on a "Taptic Engine"
that responds according to how hard users press their screens. "The rumors are
true - the battery capacity is down a bit, and we suspect the reduced battery
size is to accommodate the Taptic Engine," repair firm iFixit, which opened up
an iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, said on its website. Apple has said battery life is
unchanged in the new phones. The new iPhones use chips made by Qualcomm Inc,
Avago Technologies Ltd, Qorvo Inc's TriQuint Semiconductor and RF Micro Devices,
Toshiba Corp, Texas Instruments Inc and Skyworks Solutions Inc, among others.
"Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because the
iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney. "I've never seen
anything like it - it's astounding. The camera craft has now come up to story
telling craft." Apple has said that just a fraction of its customers have
upgraded to the iPhone 6, suggesting there is plenty of room to grow this year.
Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email. "Over the long
haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more competitive versus Samsung
in emerging regions and is gaining share in traditional regions," Moorhead said.
"Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with their
new lines of phones." The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at dollar 199 and
dollar 299 with a two-year service provider contract, go on sale on Friday in
Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States. (Reuters) Source:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      October 12, 2015 Monday 08:06 AM EST

iPhone 6s battery concerns are overblown, Apple explains why

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1041  words


Click for image

Did you hear the bad news? That fancy iPhone 6s you just bought might be a
lemon. In case you haven't heard, your shiny new device might have subpar
battery performance depending on if its A9 processor came from Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) or Samsung.

Just when you thought we finally survived a new iPhone release without some sort
of overblown "-gate" scandal comes, well, an overblown story that recently
picked up quite a bit of steam mainstream tech circles.

The current 'scandal' is rooted in the fact that the A9 processors Apple packed
into its new iPhone 6s models are sourced from two different companies, TSMC and
Samsung. This, of course, is nothing new and shouldn't raise any eyebrows. Not
only does Apple often source similar components from different companies, but it
did the same thing last year with the A8 processor on last year's iPhone 6.

But this being Apple, even the tiniest seed of a complete non-story can quickly
blossom into a full-fledged panic.

Battery-related issues pertaining to the iPhone 6s began to pick up steam last
Wednesday when an Engadget piece popped up and suggestively asked users if their
iPhone "had a good or bad A9 CPU." The report boldly claimed that battery life
on iPhones with an A9 processor from TSMC yields about two hours more battery
life than an iPhone with A9 processor from Samsung.

From there, the story was picked up by MacRumors and was even tweeted by noted
blogger and developer Marco Arment.

The only problem is that the Engadget story wasn't exactly a legit Engadget
article. Specifically, it was written by one of the site's community members.
Indeed, the tagline above the headline, which was perhaps overlooked by some,
reads:

"This post was created by a member of the Public Access community. It has not
been edited for accuracy or truthfulness and does not reflect the opinions of
Engadget or its editors."

Furthermore, a closer look at the Engadget post reveals that the bulk of its
evidence came from a lone Reddit comment alongside some scattered speculation
from forum threads. In other words, there wasn't a lot of empirical evidence to
truly suggest that iPhone battery life might vary wildly from device to device.

As for the testing done by the Reddit user, there are a number of problems to be
had with drawing any bulletproof conclusions. For starters, any number of
factors can affect battery life, and we have no way of knowing what steps were
taken to ensure a controlled testing environment. Note that when the Reddit user
conducted his testing, one iPhone 6s had a SIM card installed, while the other
one did not. Additionally, the screenshots that accompanied the Reddit comment
suggested that an app using location services was active during testing; which
app or apps were in use? We don't know. Was screen brightness uniform between
devices? Who knows. Were these devices on the same Wi-Fi network? Perhaps, but
how do we really know for sure? Obviously, there are enough question marks here
that ultimately make this thread somewhat hard to take seriously.

So, what might happen when we see iPhone's with varying A9 chips tested in a
controlled environment? Well, there's actually some video footage of an iPhone
6s Plus with a Samsung A9 going head-to-head against an iPhone 6s Plus with a
TSMC A9.

The result? There's basically no difference whatsoever.

Now, what's that you say? The phones in the video above are on two different
carriers? Why yes, yes they are. Which goes to show that its hard to take these
one-off examples with effective sample sizes of just one all that seriously
because users can easily unearth "evidence" to support contrived conclusions.
While it's certainly easy to manipulate statistical data, the problem here is
that there's not even any data to speak of in the first place.

Even if we put aside glaring statistical holes and all of the various ways one
can go about testing battery life on varying iPhones, one would have to suspend
disbelief to believe that Apple, even for a second, would ever contemplate
putting out a product with subpar performance relative to a seemingly equivalent
device released at the same time. The idea is downright preposterous.

If anything, Apple would much sooner release a product with uniformly lower
battery performance than it would release a product with wildly inconsistent
battery life.

Indeed, product uniformity and consistency is taken with utmost seriousness
across all industries. Even when McDonald's sources something as seemingly
inconsequential as cheese from a new farm, the company undergoes an exhaustive
an extensive series of tests to ensure that the flavor of its products remains
exactly the same. To think that Apple wouldn't take similar precautions with its
prized iPhone is laughable.

If battery life on your new iPhone 6s or 6s Plus isn't up to snuff with Apple's
published specifications, then by all means take it in and see what's going on.
Otherwise, it's probably best to stop worrying and enjoy your new device.

Of course, Apple hopefully put this mini-scandal to bed last week when it issued
the following statement to TechCrunch.

With the Apple-designed A9 chip in your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus, you are
getting the most advanced smartphone chip in the world. Every chip we ship meets
Apple's highest standards for providing incredible performance and deliver great
battery life, regardless of iPhone 6s capacity, color, or model.

Certain manufactured lab tests which run the processors with a continuous heavy
workload until the battery depletes are not representative of real-world usage,
since they spend an unrealistic amount of time at the highest CPU performance
state. It's a misleading way to measure real-world battery life. Our testing and
customer data show the actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus,
even taking into account variable component differences, vary within just 2-3%
of each other.

Indeed, all of the subsequent battery tests that sprung up in the wake of
batterygate or chipgate (or whatever you want to call it) seemed to put the
iPhone through unrealistic testing conditions. As far as real-world usage is
concerned, there's probably not much reason at all for iPhone 6s owners to
worry.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

New year bonanza for Apple fans! iPhone 6s, 6s Plus get massive price cut

LENGTH: 149  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Dec. 21 -- Zee Media Bureau
 Good news for all iPhone lovers! Apple has reduced the price of iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in India by upto 16 percent.


 As per a report in Times of India, the 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will get reduction
in prices between 11 and 16 percent. Apple has made this move to rake up sales
in the country.
 Within just two months of launching, the base model iPhone 6s which was
launched at Rs 62,000 will now cost between Rs 52,000 and Rs 55,000.
 All the variants of the latest iPhones -16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB are getting the
price cuts, the TOI reported.
 It may also be recalled that, the iPhone maker just few days ago slashed the
price of iPhone 5s by almost half.
 The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and
the 6S Plus - which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" - has the same 5.5-inch screen.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

New iPhones out on Friday

BYLINE: Staff Report

LENGTH: 351 words


Apple announced on Monday that iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available on
Friday, September 25 in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US. Apple also
announced the fastest iOS adoption ever, with more than 50 percent of devices
already using iOS 9.2

"Customer response to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly
positive, we can't wait to get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers'
hands starting this Friday," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president
of Worldwide Marketing. "iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be
downloaded by more users than any other software release in Apple's history."

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses how deeply you
press the display, letting you do essential things more quickly and simply. The
new iPhones introduce Live Photos, which bring still images to life,
transforming instants frozen in time into unforgettable living memories.

Live Photos, 3D Touch, 12-megapixel iSight camera, 5-megapixel FaceTime HD
camera with Retina Flash and more are powered by the Apple-designed A9 chip, the
most advanced chip ever in a smartphone, delivering faster performance and great
battery life. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are designed with the strongest glass
on any smartphone and 7000 series aluminium, the same alloy used in the
aerospace industry, in gorgeous metallic finishes that now include rose gold.

iOS 9, the world's most advanced mobile operating system, brings more
intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful search and improved
Siri features, all while protecting users' privacy. Built-in apps become more
powerful with a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and
an all-new News app for the best news reading experience on any mobile device.3
The foundation of iOS is even stronger with software updates that require less
space to install and advanced security features to further protect your devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 5:25 PM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1116 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 5:25 PM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1116 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      September 4, 2015 Friday 1:09 AM GMT

iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 release date, rumours and new features ahead of Apple's
launch event;
The latest iteration of the iPhone is setto launch at the start of this month at
a conference in San Francisco- ahead of its release,here's everything we know so
far

BYLINE: Liz Connor

SECTION: LONDON LIFE

LENGTH: 1308 words


Apple has announced that its next big product update will take place in San
Francisco onSeptember 9 - with a new iPhone handset widely expected to launch in
time for the busy Christmas sales period.

Every year since 2007, the company has unveiled a new model of the device and
since 2011 it has announced the latest iteration in the autumn - at the same
time as global tech trade show IFA in Berlin.

As with every significant Apple launch, rumours about what's in-store from the
tech giant's announcement are rife. Read on for the latest features and specs
circulating the internet.

When and how is it launching?

Invitations to an event on Wednesday September 9 were sent out at the end of
last month, featuring the cryptic message 'Hey Siri, give us a hint'. This is
widely believed to be a nod towards Siri's integration into a new Apple TV
expected to be launched alongside a new phone.

'Hey Siri, give us a hint!': Apple's cryptic invitation toits upcoming
conference in San Francisco

As with previous announcements, the new handset is likely to be launched during
a keynote speech by Apple chief executive Tim Cook, with additional speeches
from senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller and senior vice
president of internet software and services Eddy Cue. All three showcased the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at the Apple event in California last year.

Read more

Apple breaks record by selling 10 million iPhone 6 smartphones in just

Apple Music Festival: Take That, Chemical Brothers and The Weeknd

Apple's top-secret self-driving car 'almost ready for road'

What will it be called?

Following the pattern of previous announcements, it's likely we'll see Apple
launch the iPhone 6s and 6s plus - updated versions of the small (4.7-inch) and
large (5.5-inch) versions of the handset.

Following its previous pattern, the new handsets will likely be the 6s and 6s
plus

However, we may also see the arrival of a cheaper 6c handset, replacing the
discontinued 5c model. Earlier in May Apple appeared to leak a picture of what
could be the iPhone 6c on its site. The picture showed what looked like an
updated iPhone 5c with an Touch ID sensor on its home button. However, Apple
fans havesince concluded that the image ismost likely a poorly-rendered
graphicof an original 5c,and the image has since been removed from the site.

There are rumours currently circulating the internet that Apple could surprise
us all and go straight in with the iPhone 7 - breaking the tradition of its
previous naming conventions.

What new features can we expect?

A better camera

Apple has historically had the lead on smartphone integrated cameras, and we
could be about to witness its biggest camera jump ever. Rumors suggest that the
new iPhone will have a 12MP sensor with optical image stabilisation and 4k video
recording - offering quality to rival a DSLR. Selfie lovers will also be pleased
to hear that the front-facing camera is expected to be upgraded to a 5MP unit.

The iPhone 6 camera is rumoured to jump from 8MP to 12MP

No increase to 32GB

While initial rumors suggested that Apple might increase the base storage from
16GB to 32GB, alleged leaks now claim that 16GB base versions will continue -
with cloud services such as Apple Music streaming and iCloud helping to keep
internal storage free.

Improved hardware

While the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus both have dual core processor with 1GB RAM,
competition has moved to octa core processors with 4GB RAM. Apple are set to
attempt to catch up by upgrading the new iPhone handset with quad core processor
and 2GB RAM. Apple may also use the triple core A8+ processor that is currently
a feature of the iPad Air 2.

Force touch

Essentially, an improvedtouch screen that enables the device to identify the
difference between a light and strong touch. It is already present on the Apple
watch and Macbook's trackpad so the inclusion of the technology on upcoming
iPhone is widely expected.

The force touch feature on the Apple Watch could be coming to the iPhone

Added durability

Remember bendgate? Rumours say that Apple has taken steps to avoid repeat
embarrassments by improving the durability of its newest model using 7000 series
aluminum on the chassis.

Scratch resistant glass

Sapphire glass - a scratch resistant material used in screens - is another
possible feature. It was rumoured to be slated for the original iPhone 6,
however the production was believed to behalted due tomanufacturing issues.

IOS 9

Apple likes to release a new version of its mobile operating system, iOS, every
year alongside new hardware. Given that we had iOS 8 last year with the new
iPhones, the iOS 9 launch at Apple's conference will come as no surprise

When will it go on sale?

The iPhone 6s's sale date has reportedly been given away in a leaked email from
Vodafone, which suggests that the newest handset will go on sale on September
25, with pre-orders being accepted from September 18.

If correct, this release date would correspond with the usual pattern of an
announcement in the second week of September, followed by a release two weeks
later.

What will it look like?

9to5Mac claimed they had leaked photos of the new handset in early July. The
pictures show internal and external views of silver metal casing, which looks
very similar to the anodised aluminium used in the iPhone 6.

9to5 claim that these are leaked images of the new handset

Despite previous rumours, the case is the same thickness and width as the iPhone
6.

However, images leaked by a source with a Chinese supply line to Engadget Japan
suggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm thicker than its predecessor at 7.1mm, a
potential concession to Force Touch.

A supposedly leaked schematic from Engagetsuggests the iPhone 6s will be 0.2mm
thicker than its predecessor

Elsewhere, Steve Hemmerstoffer of Nowwhereelse.fr has sourced what appears to be
renderings of the purported iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, with the same dimensionsof
7.1mm thickness.

Contradicting rumours: what appears to be renderings of the iPhone 6s with the
same dimensions as the iPhone 6

Internally the frame sports newly-located mounting points to support a new logic
board. The speaker holes, headphone jack, microphone and lightning charging
ports remain in the same places.

While the design of the handset might not change much (give or take a few mm),
Apple are rumoured to be working on brand newcolours for the iPhone 6s. Low-res
images of pink iPhones being boxed up in a factory are currently circulating on
the Internet. It's also been suggested that the iPhone will get a rose gold
upgrade, to match the Apple Watch iteration.

Coming soon? Images of a pink Iphone 6s have been circulating the Internet

Other than the iPhone, what else is expected to launch?

While Apple isfocusing on the iPhone 6s,Apple TV is also expected to get a
significant upgrade, if rumours and recently reported leaks are to be believed.
Apple's set-top box saw a hardware revision three years after its release in
2007, but has kept a low-profile since.

If "Hey Siri, give us a hint" means what the Internet thinks it does, Apple
could be readying to take a note from the Amazon's playbook, by putting its
voice assistant in Apple TV users' homes -offering similar functionality to
Siri, but without requiring you use a mobile phone. Simply speaking up in the
room of your choice would provide weather, news, music playback and more.

Apple isalso rumoured to be offering something even more compelling to viewers:
universal search, allowing you to see all the places you can watch a particular
show or movie, such as on iTunes or Netflix, and let you pick between them. The
result? No more searching for the latest episode of Game of Thrones when season
6 launches next year. This, we like.

Follow us on Twitter: @ESLife&Style

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 6:24 PM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1124 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 6:24 PM GMT

iPhone SE release date, leaked pictures, specs and price rumours ahead of
Apple's new 'mini' iPhone launch;
The iPhone SE - or 5se, or 6c - is expected to launch today. Here's everything
you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1124 words


Apple is expected to unveil its latest iPhone at an event in California today -
but it may not be the phone you're expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to
the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple is expected to launch today is what many people are now
calling the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper device that will be sold alongside
Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Latest rumours suggest that Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink - not
the same pink as Apple's "rose gold" iPhone 6s , but a completely new shade.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

However, the presenter of an accompanying video describes it as "brighter and
pinker than the previous rose gold".

Beeep video

Although the handset, which was picked up at black market stall in Shenzhen,
China, could well be a fake, it does seem to fit with the colour scheme of
Apple's invitation to next week's event, which shows two shades of pink.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, it is now believed the
Californian company has decided to simply call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claims that Apple has decided against naming the new handset
after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This would mark the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

Drawings claiming to be leaked images show the new phone will be the same size
and shape as the 5s.

Evleaks tweet

While some rumours suggest the iPhone SE will be identical to the iPhone 5s,
leaked photos appear to show that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the lock button
will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device, like on the
iPhone 6s.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Meanwhile, case renderings leaked to MacRumours suggest that the iPhone SE will
look almost identical to the iPhone 5s.

The renders from Spigen - an accessory company that often has some of the first
cases available for new iOS devices - suggest that the iPhone SE will be the
same general shape as the iPhone 5s.

They also show round volume buttons, a power button located at the top of the
device, and a pill-shaped flash.

The renderings seem to put paid to earlier rumours that the iPhone SE will be a
"mini" version of the iPhone 6s, with smooth edges, a curved glass front panel
and elongated buttons.

On the other hand, the edges of the iPhone SE are also not visible, so any
slight differences in curvature would be difficult to determine from the
renderings.

Other rumoured features include a 12-megapixel rear camera - lifted from the
iPhone 6S - an upgraded A9 processor, and a near-field communication (NFC) chip
for Apple Pay transactions.

However, according to MacRumours , the components that enable the 3D Touch
feature are missing in the iPhone SE handset .

The site got hold of some leaked pictures that supposedly show the screen
assembly process for the new iGadget. It says the pictures were "captured by a
source that on several occasions in the past proved to be reliable".

The iPhone SE is expected to come in the same Silver, Space Grey, Gold and Rose
Gold colour options as the 6s lineup, and come in 16GB and 64GB storage options
with a slightly larger battery.

Apple has announced that it will be holding an event at its headquarters in
California on 21 March, where it is expected to unveil the iPhone SE, alongside
the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch accessories.

In typical Apple fashion, the invitation is white with nothing but a cryptic
message on it. This one reads: "Let us loop you in."

According to the invitation, the event will start at 10am Pacific Time - which
translates to 5pm here in the UK.

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

Video courtesy of Everything Apple Pro

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Mumbai customs warns duty evaders on latest iPhone devices of fines

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: POLITICS AND NATION

LENGTH: 605 words


For those waiting for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus from overseas via the grey
market route, chances are that you won't get them. And those planning to get
them from outside India? and trying to evade duty?, might need to do a rethink?
as they could be fined. And alleged smugglers face arrest.

Noticing the massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus through
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai customs authorities have
issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declare iPhones to
customs on arrival."

The authorities have warned that if passengers are picked up after passing
through the Green channel, they become liable to pay fine, penalty and customs
duty. According to the release, duty will be levied on a single phone as well,
since the value of the phone is more than permitted under 'free allowance.'

The authorities additionally warn that passengers carrying iPhones in commercial
quantity are liable to be arrested as per provisions in the Customs Act.

Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lanjewar confirmed
the developments to ET, and said that the rules already exist but are being
reiterated to travelers. "For goods above Rs 45,000, technically passengers have
to declare but most people are not aware of it. A duty of 36% is levied on the
amount above this limit," he said. This means that even a single iPhone brought
from overseas would have to be declared and duty would have to be paid.

When the value of undeclared goods rises above Rs 20 lakh, the authorities
proceed with arrests, he added.

The Mumbai Airport Customs authorities have seized around 200 of the latest
iPhone models, valued at Rs 1.23 crore, over the last two weeks. The phones were
being smuggled into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong Kong, London,
Dubai and other countries. Authorities have since increased screening of
checked-in and hand baggage, besides profiling of passengers travelling.

Apple will officially launch the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on the
intervening night of October 15 and October 16, and is yet to release the
official pricing.

However, the phones are available on online sites including eBay India, OLX,
Quikr and Flipkart for massively marked up prices - starting from Rs 69,999 for
the lowest storage variant to Rs 1,14,999 for the 128 GB iPhone 6s Plus. While
some promise delivery in a couple of days without company guarantee, others
promise delivery on the day of the launch, or a day later.

Grey market prices are much higher than indicative prices that ET had reported
last week based on trade sources. The iPhone 6s 16 GB would be sold for Rs
62,000, 64 GB variant for Rs 72,000 and 128 GB version for Rs 82,000, while the
iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced Rs 72,000, 64 GB for Rs 82,000 and 128 GB
for Rs 92,000.

"As the models are still to be launched in India, passengers are trying to
smuggle these iPhones for monetary benefit by sale through grey market," the
authorities have said.

The Mumbai seizure is not the first of its kind.

On Sunday, seven youth were detained at the Indira Gandhi International Airport
with about 182 iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, who had come from Hong Kong and Singapore
on separate flights, officials said. They expected more such cases since the
launch is nearly 10 days away.

The new iPhone models were available for sale on September 25 across the US, the
UK, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand,
Puerto Rico and Singapore. Apple had sold over 13 million units of these phones
on the first three days of the launch on September 25.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday

Apple offers buybacks on iPhone 6s, 6s Plus

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 474 words


In a big move to attract customers, Apple has introduced buyback scheme on the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus starting with discounts between Rs 9,000 and Rs
25,000 on a range of select models including its own, and those from Samsung,
Sony, HTC, Lumia and Google Nexus.

Beginning Valentine's Day weekend to March 26, the latest iPhones may be
available from the starting range of Rs 25,000 to Rs 30,000 for the 16 GB iPhone
6s variant after discount, depending on the model exchanged by a consumer. At
present, the lowest variant of iPhone 6s is estimated to be available for under
Rs 52,000 offline and under Rs 45,000 at online sites.

The offer will be available in 'participating merchant outlets' (read: offline
retail outlets), as per conditions mentioned on the Indiaishop.in website,
backed by Apple's official online reseller Infibeam.com.

"Apple is giving greater flexibility to distributors and retailers," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint. "They are estimating sales to be slow
and therefore want to make use of these schemes to get sales going," he added,
indicating that more such offers may be in store going forward.

Apple has had a dream run in India last year, selling more than 2 million
iPhones of which 800,000 in the October to December quarter alone - it's best
ever - where it clocked revenue growth of 38%, much faster than core markets of
the US and China.

On a granular level though, Apple sales lost steam in the latter half of October
to December quarter, which may have triggered the new offers for the latest
models, which were launched in September last year.

iPhone 6s entry level model with 16 GB storage was launched at a very high price
of Rs 62,000, while 64 GB and 128 GB models were launched at Rs 72,000 and Rs
82,000, respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus variants ranged between Rs 72,000 and
Rs 92,000.

Apple has been making aggressive price cuts on older devices such as iPhone 5s
and even cut prices on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models after consumers were
deterred by the high cost of new models, besides increasing availability of
models. The latest models are also available on EMI schemes.

The Cupertino-based company is making concentrated efforts to expand its
presence in the market. It has also put in application to set up its iconic
stores in the country. India's hyper growth last quarter was also recognized by
CEO Tim Cook in the latest earnings last month, "During hard times like now, it
provides an opportunity to invest in newer markets such as India where there are
long-term prospects," he said.

Apple not only sees the potential of new users but also a huge replacement
market, starting with the existing Apple install base of more than 5 million.
"Half of these Apple users have come on board in the last 18 months,"
Counterpoint's Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 15, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6S And 6S Plus Get Price Cuts

BYLINE: Team TechTree

LENGTH: 179  words


Both the iPhones get INR 22,000 price slash for their 128 GB variants, while
Apple fans prepare for new iPhone.

Is this the biggest price cut in the history of smartphone giant Apple in India?
Well, it certainly looks so, especially with the company's recent announcement
of INR 22,000 being slashed in the price tag of both iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus.

This means that, iPhone 6S 128 GB would, from now, be available at INR 60,000
(original price INR 82,000) and iPhone 6S Plus 128 GB will be available at INR
70,000.

It's not just this. The company has also slashed price on its 4 inch smartphone
iPhone SE by around INR 5,000, which means, the 64 GB device that was available
at INR 49,000 will now be available at INR 44,000. The price cut looks pretty
obvious with the latest iPhones launching in India on Oct 7.

To remind, Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus were launched in India in October last
year at price tags of INR 62,000 and INR 72,000 respectively; both being 16 GB
variant.

Both these iPhones feature 3D Touch, 2 GB RAM, 12 MP iSight camera and 5 MP
front FaceTime camera.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 28, 2015 Friday 05:28 AM EST

iPhone 6s camera sounds amazing; Full specs detailed

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 308  words


Click for image

Now that we finally have an official date for Apple's iPhone 6s launch event,
it's only natural to expect the number of iPhone-related leaks to increase in
volume over the next week or so.

While we already know a lot about what the iPhone 6s will have in store (Force
Touch, 2GB of RAM, A9 processor), 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman on Thursday divulged
some new details surrounding the iPhone 6s camera. Suffice it to say, Apple's
next-gen iPhone may be even more of a compelling upgrade than previously
imagined.

Now, the 8-megapixel camera on the iPhone 6 is certainly respectable, especially
since Apple has skillfully implemented some of its traditional software magic to
truly create a best-in-class smartphone camera. With the iPhone 6s, however,
Apple is poised to bring iPhone photo quality to the next level.

According to Gurman, the iPhone 6s (and the 6s Plus, of course) will be graced
with a 12-megapixel camera.

The 12-megapixel camera will mean that the new iPhones will be able to take
larger, higher-resolution photos than before. Because of an upgraded image
signal processor that comes as part of the new A9 system-on-a-chip, the new
sensor will not wash out or otherwise decrease the quality of photos, according
to sources.

This should certainly be welcome news for photo-minded iPhone users, especially
given that Android handsets from the likes of Samsung and Sony have really made
photo quality strides of their own in recent months.

Gurman's report also adds that Apple's upcoming iPhone models will be able to
record video in 4K quality. Not to be overlooked, Apple will also be enhancing
the iPhone's front-facing camera, which should make for crisper FaceTime video
calls.

All in all, Apple's iPhone 6s upgrades should be sufficiently compelling to
usher in what will likely be Apple's largest iPhone refresh cycle to date.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                         September 15, 2016 6:30 AM EST

OMG! Apple slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus prices by Rs 22000

LENGTH: 245  words


New Delhi: In what may prove to be a happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
lovers, the US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by Rs
22,000, market sources said.

Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant) which was earlier priced at Rs 82,000, will now
be available at Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.

With the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be
available at 70,000, the sources told, though there was no official confirmation
from Apple.

Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this year, also
got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for Rs 49,000, will
now be available at Rs 44,000.

Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated as the world's top-selling smartphone
model in the second quarter of 2016. The US giant currently accounts for two of
the three top-selling devices shipped worldwide.

Apple shipped 14.2 million units and accounted for four per cent share of all
smartphones shipped worldwide in second quarter of 2016, said market research
firm Strategy Analytics.

The Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and
two per cent marketshare during second quarter of 2016, followed by Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge in third place with 8.3 million and two per cent share.

Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus equipped with 3D Touch technology in
India in October last year.

Both the smartphones feature 64-bit A9 chipset, 12MP iSight camera and 2GB of
RAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Apple discontinues iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus after iPhone 7 launch in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 436 words


NEW DELHI: Seems Apple is changing its India strategy. For the first time ever,
the US-based technology giant has discontinued its two-year older models in
India. Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and older models have disappeared from the
company's India website.

This comes just hours after Apple launched its brand new iPhones -- iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, at an event in San Francisco, California.Apart from the newly
launched iPhones, the listing on Apple India's website currently shows iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE. While iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launched in
India last October, the company launched iPhone SE globally in March this year.
The smartphone was launched in India in April 2016.Incidentally, while the
discontinuation of older models is a first for India, Apple has been following
this practice in the US for past many years. Even though Apple has removed
iPhones older than two-generations from its India website, these models will
likely continue to be available on third-party e-commerce websites and retail
stores in India.Along with the discontinuing the older models, Apple has also
given a storage bump to its last year's iPhone models - iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus. These models will no longer be available in 16GB and 64GB versions. The
new storage options available in these iPhones are 32GB and 128GB.Apple,
however, has retained the 16GB model in iPhone SE, which will continue to be
available in 16GB and 64GB storage options. As for the all-new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, these will come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants.The new iPhones
will launch in India on October 7 and will have a starting price of Rs 60,000.On
the specifications front, the iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D
Touch, whereas the iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display (again, with
3D Touch). Running iOS 10, both smartphones are powered by a new, Apple-designed
quad-core A10 Fusion processor. The company claims that the new CPU is 40%
faster than its predecessor - A9, which powers the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus.Apple iPhone 7 has a 12MP iSight camera with 6-element lens, f/1.8
aperture, high-speed sensor, 4K video recording and a Quad-LED two-tone flash.
On the other hand, the iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras (one wide-angle
with f/1.8 aperture and other telephoto with f/2.8 aperture for depth-of-field)
along with Quad-LED flash.Another new feature hitting the iPhone models is water
and dust resistance. Both smartphones have a new Home button which is now
touch-sensitive and uses a new Taptic Engine for better response.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 12, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Apple giving customers a head start in pre-ordering new iPhones

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 226  words


Tech giant Apple is opening the preorders for its next-generation iPhones --
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -- on Saturday morning. Interested customers will
be able to preorder the new iPhones from 3:01 a.m. ET / 12:01 a.m. PT onwards on
Saturday, September 12.

The shipping of the new iPhones will commence on September 25.

Customers who want to get a head start in preordering the new iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus handsets can begin the preorder process early by visiting the
Apple website or through the Apple Store app on their handsets.

To start the new iPhone early preordering process via the Apple Store app on
their existing iPhones, customers have to select 'Get ready to pre-order iPhone
6,' and then select the 'Remember me' option to enable the app to save their
wireless account details, including their phone number, ZIP code, and the last
four digits of their social security number. The app finally allows customers to
know the iPhone pricing available to them.

Without a contract, the cost of the 16GB version of iPhone 6s is $649. However,
with a contract, the cost of the iPhone 6s model begins at $199 for the 16GB
version; while the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6s Plus is priced at $299. In
addition, Apple is - for the first time - also offering a lease option for
customers who want to switch their handsets, but do not have the cash to do so.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus prices by Rs 22,000

LENGTH: 280 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 15 -- In what may prove to be a happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus lovers, the US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by
Rs 22,000, market sources said.

Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant) which was earlier priced at Rs 82,000, will now
be available at Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.

With the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be
available at 70,000, the sources told IANS, though there was no official
confirmation from Apple.

Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this year, also
got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for Rs 49,000, will
now be available at Rs 44,000.

Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated as the world's top-selling smartphone
model in the second quarter of 2016. The US giant currently accounts for two of
the three top-selling devices shipped worldwide.

Apple shipped 14.2 million units and accounted for four per cent share of all
smartphones shipped worldwide in second quarter of 2016, said market research
firm Strategy Analytics.

The Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and
two per cent marketshare during second quarter of 2016, followed by Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge in third place with 8.3 million and two per cent share.

Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus equipped with 3D Touch technology in
India in October last year.

Both the smartphones feature 64-bit A9 chipset, 12MP iSight camera and 2GB of
RAM.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2016 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

iPhone 6s challenged by old models in China?

LENGTH: 338  words


Despite Chinese customers seemingly insatiable hunger for the new Apple
smartphone models, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the handset still faces
challenges, with the biggest likely from old models.

The new Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are displayed during an Apple media event in
San Francisco, California, in this file photo from September 9, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

BEIJING - Despite Chinese customers seemingly insatiable hunger for the new
Apple smartphone models, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the handset still
faces challenges, with the biggest likely from old models.

A research note shows that the previous models, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
enjoyed stellar sales before the new handsets were released in September, which
may encroach the market expansion of new models.

The two previous recent models were the best-selling smartphones in urban China
from June till August, according to a report of the UK-based market research
company Kantar Worldpanel.

"Buyers mentioned clarity and resolution, camera quality and screen size as the
three most important purchase drivers," said Tamsin Timpson, strategic insight
director of the company's Asia branch. In the three-month circle, smartphone
sales represented 84 percent of overall phone sales in China.

The report did not reveal what is behind the favor for the last models, but it
is a common phenomenon that some Chinese consumers, especially iPhone buyers,
are inclined to choose the older version with favorable prices ahead of new
product release.

So far, the new models have performed well in the Chinese market, the world's
second largest after the United States. Apple sold around 3 million iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus in the week after the launch, according to media reports.

In the US, however, market share for Apple iOS between June and August was at
its lowest point since August 2014, as customers waited for the new products to
become available in September, the report showed.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/72/144463830587.jpg

b083fe955aa1178593e016.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus prices by Rs. 22,000

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 15 -- In what may prove to be a happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus lovers, the US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by
Rs. 22,000, market sources said.


 Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant) which was earlier priced at Rs. 82,000, will
now be available at Rs. 60,000 after a price drop of Rs. 22,000.
 With the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be
available at Rs. 70,000, the sources told IANS, though there was no official
confirmation from Apple.
 Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this year,
also got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for Rs. 49,000,
will now be available at Rs. 44,000.
 Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated as the world's top-selling smartphone
model in the second quarter of 2016. The US giant currently accounts for two of
the three top-selling devices shipped worldwide.
 Apple shipped 14.2 million units and accounted for four per cent share of all
smartphones shipped worldwide in second quarter of 2016, said market research
firm Strategy Analytics.
 The Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and
two per cent marketshare during second quarter of 2016, followed by Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge in third place with 8.3 million and two per cent share.
 Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus equipped with 3D Touch technology
in India in October last year.
 Both the smartphones feature 64-bit A9 chipset, 12MP iSight camera and 2GB of
RAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus shipments surge after slow start in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 691 words


NEW DELHI: After a tepid start to sales of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, there's
been a sharp turnaround with Indian buyers matching the rest of the world in
fervour for the devices. Apple is set for its best-ever quarter in local sales
thanks to promotional offers and discounts it launched before Diwali following
the lacklustre opening.

The smartphone maker shipped more than 413,500 of the latest iPhones in the
first month of its launch to November 15, which is close to what Apple sold in
the entire October-December quarter last year in the world's fastest-growing
smartphone market.

Shipments of the new iPhones made up nearly 74% of Apple's total in the month
and a half that began October 1, according to shipment data from Cybex Exim.
Apple imported 562,500 iPhones between October 1 and November 15. That compares
with 500,000 units it sold in the October-December period last year, its best
quarter thus far.

"The initial momentum was not that strong, so Apple went in for a change and
offered discounts on the new phones," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Research. "But the overall demand for Apple iPhone still remains
strong, thanks to the strong aspirational value attached to the brand." Research
agencies estimate that sales for the quarter ending December may exceed 700,000
units.

Apple launched the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus in India on October 16 at Rs
62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on the memory and model, about Rs 14,000-16,000 more
than in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple
admitted that the high prices may have discouraged buyers.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said
late last month on an earnings call about the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations in parts of the world including India.

The weak debut prompted a rethink by Apple and the announcement of a buyback
programme offering discounts of as much as Rs 34,000 in early November, just
before Diwali. That strategy seems to have paid off, said retailers and those in
the trade.

"Our iPhone 6S and 6S Plus sales were very good primarily due to the buyback
offer, which started a week before Diwali," said the chief executive of a
leading retail chain in south India. "It started out slow but because of that
offer, which we marketed very well too, we had a very good sale for Apple
phones." The 413,500 iPhones shipped in the first month represents a trebling of
the monthly average that Apple clocked for its fiscal year ended September.

During the fiscal year, the company shipped a record 1.7 million iPhones, or
142,000 units a month, to India.

The most popular model has been the 16GB iPhone 6S, the cheapest of the new
phones, at 176,000 units. What has also worked for Apple is the expansion of its
retail network besides becoming more widely available online with sellers
allowed to discount prices as they see fit.

"Apple has more reach now compared to last year, so they (Apple) would make sure
that their partners have a level of inventory to manage demand," Counterpoint's
Pathak said.

In line with the growing importance of India -- among the few growing markets in
the world and that too at a scorching pace -- Apple has expanded distributors to
five from two since the beginning of the year.

"Apple's strategy is simple," said Pathak. "They want to get as many people as
possible onto their ecosystem in India and ensure deeper distribution reach
within India. The platform stickiness of the Apple ecosystem will ensure that
Apple's existing user base is going to be more robust in the coming one year."
This includes the launch of Apple Music in India at a price of Rs 120 a month
for individuals and Rs 180 for families (up to 6 users).

On an analyst conference call last month chief executive officer Tim Cook was
positive about India's potential in the long run. Also, recent relaxations in
retail policy could see the company opening directly owned stores in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple's Bumper festive bonanza! iPhone 6s, 6s Plus prices slashed by Rs 22,000

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 15 -- In what may prove to be a happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus lovers, the US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by
Rs 22,000, market sources said.


 Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant) which was earlier priced at Rs 82,000, will now
be available at Rs 60,000 after a price drop of Rs 22,000.
 With the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be
available at 70,000, the sources told IANS, though there was no official
confirmation from Apple.
 Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this year,
also got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for Rs 49,000,
will now be available at Rs 44,000.
 Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated as the world's top-selling smartphone
model in the second quarter of 2016. The US giant currently accounts for two of
the three top-selling devices shipped worldwide.
 Apple shipped 14.2 million units and accounted for four per cent share of all
smartphones shipped worldwide in second quarter of 2016, said market research
firm Strategy Analytics.
 The Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5 million units worldwide for second position and
two per cent marketshare during second quarter of 2016, followed by Samsung
Galaxy S7 edge in third place with 8.3 million and two per cent share.
 Apple launched iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus equipped with 3D Touch technology
in India in October last year.
 Both the smartphones feature 64-bit A9 chipset, 12MP iSight camera and 2GB of
RAM.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6s sales on track to beat Apple's records

BYLINE: LYNSEY BARBER AND SUZIE NEUWIRTH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 232 words


APPLE said yesterday that sales of its new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are on track to
beat last year's record-breaking iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales on the first weekend
they hit the shops.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive
and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the world. We are on pace to
beat last year's 10m unit first weekend record when the new iPhones go on sale
September 25," the technology giant said in a statement to CNBC.

The California-headquartered company said it had experienced large demand
online, but did not reveal exact figures. Analysts have estimated sales of
around 4.5m during the first 24 hours, compared with 4m during the first day
last year.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period. We
are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6s Plus as
well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when they open next
Friday," it said.

Last year's record sales beat that of the previous iPhone 5s and 5C in 2013,
which stood at 9m after three days.

Investors and analysts have voiced concerns over whether Apple can sustain its
growth momentum, but the market seemed reassured yesterday. Shares in Apple were
up by nearly two per cent in early trading and closed 0.96 per cent higher.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2015 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Apple iPhone SE vs 5S vs 6 vs 6S: All you need to know

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 344 words


NEW DELHI: The 4-inch. Targeted to consumers who prefer to use a smaller
smartphone, the new iPhone is bit of the older 6 and 6S models in the body of
the 5S. It will come in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver and Gray colour options. Running
iOS 9.3, the iPhone SE has Touch ID but doesn't feature 3D Touch.

The iPhone SE is expected to be available in India for a starting price of Rs
30,000 for the 16GB version. So, here is a quick comparison among the base
version of the new SE, 6, 6S and 5S. SizeiPhone SE: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches,
113 gramsiPhone 5S: 4.87 x 2.31 x 0.30 inches, 112 gramsiPhone 6: 5.44 x 2.64 x
0.27 inches, 129 gramsiPhone 6S: 5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 inches, 143 grams The new
iPhone SE looks very similar to the older iPhone 5S and measures exactly the
same. Display iPhone SE: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326
ppiiPhone 5S: 4-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 640 x 1136 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6:
4.7-inch LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiiPhone 6S: 4.7-inch
LED-backlit IPS LCD, 750 x 1334 pixels, 326 ppiApple seems to have retained the
display of the iPhone 5S. There is no difference at all. CameraiPhone SE: 12MP,
f/2.2, 4K video, dual LED Flash | Front: 1.2MP, f2.2iPhone 5S: Rear- 8MP, f2.2,
1080p video | Front- 1.2MP, f2.4, 720p videoiPhone 6: Rear- 8MP, f2.2, focus
pixels, True Tone Flash, DIS | Front- 1.2MP, f2.2, 720p video iPhone 6S: Rear-
12MP, f2.0, focus pixels, dual LED Flash, 4K video | Front- 5MP, f2.0 aperture,
1080p video recording Compared to the iPhone 5S, the new SE version offers
better camera features. Processor iPhone SE: Apple A9 chip 64bit with M9 motion
co-processor, 2GB RAMiPhone 5S - Apple A7 - 64bit, 1GB RAMiPhone 6 - Apple A8,
64bit, 1GB RAM iPhone 6S - Apple A9, 64bit, 2GB RAMGoing by this, it seems the
iPhone SE packs the prowess of the flagship 6S version Battery4-inch iPhone SE-
1715 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6 - 1810 mAh4.7-inch iPhone 6S - 1715 mAhThe iPhone
packs a bigger battery and claims to offer 13 hours of video playback on a
single charge.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

Apple set for best ever quarter, iPhone 6s, 6s Plus shipments surge after slow
start

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 690 words


NEW DELHI: After a tepid start to sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, there's
been a sharp turnaround with Indian buyers matching the rest of the world in
fervour for the devices. Apple is set for its best-ever quarter in local sales
thanks to promotional offers and discounts it launched before Diwali following
the lacklustre opening.

The smartphone maker shipped more than 413,500 of the latest iPhones in the
first month of its launch to November 15, which is close to what Apple sold in
the entire October-December quarter last year in the world's fastest-growing
smartphone market.

Shipments of the new iPhones made up nearly 74% of Apple's total in the month
and a half that began October 1, according to shipment data from Cybex Exim.
Apple imported 562,500 iPhones between October 1 and November 15. That compares
with 500,000 units it sold in the October-December period last year, its best
quarter thus far.

"The initial momentum was not that strong, so Apple went in for a change and
offered discounts on the new phones," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Research. "But the overall demand for Apple iPhone still remains
strong, thanks to the strong aspirational value attached to the brand."

Research agencies estimate that sales for the quarter ending December may exceed
700,000 units.

Apple launched the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on October 16 at Rs
62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on the memory and model, about Rs 14,000-16,000 more
than in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple
admitted that the high prices may have discouraged buyers.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said
late last month on an earnings call about the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations in parts of the world including India.

The weak debut prompted a rethink by Apple and the announcement of a buyback
programme offering discounts of as much as Rs 34,000 in early November, just
before Diwali. That strategy seems to have paid off, said retailers and those in
the trade.

"Our iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales were very good primarily due to the buyback
offer, which started a week before Diwali," said the chief executive of a
leading retail chain in south India. "It started out slow but because of that
offer, which we marketed very well too, we had a very good sale for Apple
phones."

The 413,500 iPhones shipped in the first month represents a trebling of the
monthly average that Apple clocked for its fiscal year ended September. During
the fiscal year, the company shipped a record 1.7 million iPhones, or 142,000
units a month, to India.

The most popular model has been the 16GB iPhone 6s, the cheapest of the new
phones, at 176,000 units. What has also worked for Apple is the expansion of its
retail network besides becoming more widely available online with sellers
allowed to discount prices as they see fit.

"Apple has more reach now compared to last year, so they (Apple) would make sure
that their partners have a level of inventory to manage demand," Counterpoint's
Pathak said.

In line with the growing importance of India--among the few growing markets in
the world and that too at a scorching pace--Apple has expanded distributors to
five from two since the beginning of the year.

"Apple's strategy is simple," said Pathak. "They want to get as many people as
possible onto their ecosystem in India and ensure deeper distribution reach
within India. The platform stickiness of the Apple ecosystem will ensure that
Apple's existing user base is going to be more robust in the coming one year."

This includes the launch of Apple Music in India at a price of Rs ?120 a month?
for individuals and Rs 180 for families (up to 6 users).?

On an analyst conference call last month chief executive officer Tim Cook was
positive about India's potential in the long run. Also, recent relaxations in
retail policy could see the company opening directly owned stores in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

Smartphones, Gadgets launched in 2015

LENGTH: 858  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 27 -- Apple unveils iPhones 6S, 6S Plus with '3D Touch'
 In September, Tim Cook unveiled two new iPhones, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus, a large screen display handsets with a new pressure-sensitive display with
'3D Touch' gestures.


 "What we have to show you today is really awesome. While they may look
familiar, we have changed everything about these new iPhones," CEO Tim Cook said
during the launch event at San Francisco's large Bill Graham Civic Auditorium.
 The new iPhones were launched in India on Oct 16 with a starting price of Rs
62,000 for the 16GB variant.
 Read here to find out more:
 READ: Apple unveils iPhones 6S, 6S Plus with '3D Touch'
 READ: Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus launched in India; check price details
 Microsoft Windows 10
 Tech giant Microsoft Corporation unveiled its new operating system, Windows 10
in the month of July replete with a redesigned web browser called Edge and
Cortana, a Siri-like voice activated assistant.
 With this new product, Microsoft looked towards capturing the market lost to
rivals Apple and Google.
 Read here to find out more:
 READ: Microsoft rolls out Windows 10; new OS comes with Cortana
 READ: Windows 10: Interesting new features
 Microsoft unveils Surface Book, Surface Pro 4, Lumia 950, Lumia 950XL
 In October 2015, Microsoft Corporation unveiled its first ever laptop, the
Surface Book which the tech giant says if twice as fast as Apple's MacBook Pro.
Along with this, the company also launched the Surface Pro tablet along with
Lumia 950 and Lumia 950XL.
 The laptop is a 13.5-inch display with 267 pixels per inch and features a track
pad made of glass while the Surface Pro 4 features a 12.3-inch screen with 267
pixels per inc.
 Read here to find out more about the Surface Book, the Surface Pro 4 and the
Lumia phones.
 ALSO READ: Microsoft unveils Surface Book, Surface Pro 4 and three Lumia phones

 From Camera to smartphone: Kodak launches MI5
 Kodak, the once-leading manufacturer of cameras and photographic film products,
jumped into the smartphone market by launching its first Android phone, MI5 at
the Consumer Electronics Show, 2015 (CES) in Las Vegas.
 The MI5 featurs a 5-inch screen with 720x1280p display resolution and is
powered by a 1.7GHz octa-core processor along with 1GB of RAM.
 FOR MORE DETAILS, READ: From camera to smartphone: Kodak launches android phone
IM5
 Android Marshmallow
 In August, internet giant Google revealed the sixth version of its Android
operating system, Marshmallow and opened it to app developers for testing. And
while it was not available for immediate download then, Google is slowly rolling
it out now.
 Google Nexus devices and Motorola smartphones were one of the first to
experience with the new Android OS.
 Some of the major features of Android Marshmallow include Finger sensor, better
battery life, App permission, etc.
 Click on the links to know more:
 READ: Google reveals new Android OS, Marshmallow
 READ: Google Android Marshmallow: 5 interesting features
 Samsung launches Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge
 The year 2015 was one of the best years of South Korean electronics giant
Samsung with the company making three big major launches - the Galaxy Note 5,
Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge.
 While the Note 5 was launched globally in the month of August, it was made
available in India in September with a starting price of Rs 53,999 for the 32GB
variant.
 The Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge were however launched in the month of April with a
starting price of Rs 49,900.
 For more details, click on the links.
 READ: Samsung unveils Galaxy Note 5 for Rs 53,900
 READ: Samsung unveils Galaxy S6, S6 Edge to rival iPhone6
 READ: Samsung Galaxy S6, S6 Edge launched, price starts at Rs 49,900
 Asus launches ZenFone 2 Deluxe, ZenFone Selfie, the ZenFone laser and ZenFone
Max
 At the ZenFest in August, Taiwanese handset maker Asus launched four new
smartphones with a starting price of Rs 9,999.
 The festival, held in the national capital Delhi, saw the launch of ZenFone 2
Deluxe, ZenFone 2 Selfie, ZenFone 2 Laser and ZenFone Max.
 The Asus ZenFone 2 Deluxe, the costliest of them all at Rs 22,999, comes with a
5.5-inch full HD display and is powered by a 2.3GHz Intel Atom Z3580 quad-core
processor with 4GB of RAM.
 Click on the links to know more:
 READ: Four new Asus ZenFone smartphones launched at ZenFest
 READ: Asus Zenfone Selfie with a 13MP front-rear camera launched
 Make in India: Xiaomi, Asus to manufacture phones in India
 Keeping in line with PM Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative, Chinese
handset maker Xiaomi and Taiwanese company Asus have decided to manufacture
smartphones in India.
 The two companies have tied up with another Taiwanese company Foxconn to set up
mobile manufacturing units here in India as they look forward to grap a larger
share in the Indian smartphone market.
 And while Xiaomi has launched its first 'Made in India' smartphone Redmi 2
Prime, Asus is yet to do so.
 Read here to find out more:
 READ: Xiaomi ties up with Foxconn for first India plant
 READ: Xiaomi launches 'Made in India' Redmi 2 Prime smartphone
 READ: Make in India: Asus partners Foxconn to make smartphones in India

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Brand Reporter

                               February 16, 2016

Media - Apple: Behold...

BYLINE: Suraj Ramnath

LENGTH: 374  words


The outdoor 'ads' are photographs clicked by users of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.


Around ten months back, Apple ran an outdoor campaign, using photographs clicked
by users of the iPhone 6. The campaign fetched ad agency TBWAMedia Arts Lab an
outdoor Grand Prix at Cannes.



The second leg of the campaign is out. The brand is running a similar campaign
presently; it comprises stunning photographs clicked by users of the iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus.

This is a global campaign known in the media as 'Apple World Gallery'.
Reportedly, this year's campaign includes over 50 images clicked by over 40
photographers (both, amateur and professional), that are being displayed in
around 85 cities across over 25 countries. In all, there are over 10,000
billboards, across the world, reports Business Insider.

The copy on the current billboards reads: 'Shot on iPhone 6s'. In Mumbai, the
billboards carry the Vodafone logo and Airtel in Delhi.

On its web page, team Apple says, "The world's most popular camera is better
than ever. Each photo and video...is the original taken with iPhone 6s or iPhone
6s Plus - without filters, adjustments or retouching. Imagine what you can do
with a camera this advanced, along with the powerful editing tools built into
your iPhone."

Meanwhile, Israeli photographer Sephi Bergerson shot an entire Indian wedding on
his iPhone 6s Plus. In the video, which was published on YouTube last month, he
mentions, "It is not going to replace the DSLRs... but enables a different range
of shooting."

The difference between traditional cameras and an iPhone, he explains in his
film, is that the latter allows him to maintain eye contact with the subject
being photographed or filmed, something that can't be done when shooting on a
DSLR camera. The postproduction editing can also be done on the iPhone 6s Plus,
he says.

Wondering whether the video is a piece of branded content released by Apple,
surfers have left several comments on the YouTube page. Bergerson's response
reads: "Why can't someone just do something because they want to see how it
comes out? I've been shooting with SLR cameras for more than 30 years. Am I
allowed to try something new without being suspected of making a PR piece for
Apple?"

suraj.ramnath@afaqs.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


         Copyright 2016 The Brand Reporter, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Ingram Micro to offer Apple iPhone 6S, 6S Plus at over 2,500 retail locations on
October 16

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 239 words


NEW DELHI: Ingram Micro, one of Apple's product distributors in India, Tuesday
said that it will offer Apple iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones on
Friday, October 16 at over 2,500 retail locations in more than 80 cities across
the country.

Ingram Micro's trade partners would be organizing the launch events across India
on October 16.

ET on Monday reported that Apple has informed its trade partners and top
retailers in India that the company will undertake a big midnight launch of the
new iPhones on October 16th, with an aim to grow sales by 50-60 per cent over
what it had sold in India during last year's launch phase.

With October 16 launch, Apple has shortened the time to market to three weeks of
its US launch as compared to a month and more in previous years. Last year,
Apple had launched its latest flagship smartphones after a month of its US
launch.

This year, Apple started selling the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models in the US
from September 25. The company on Monday also announced a new record after
having sold more than 13 million handsets in just three days after launch.

While Apple is yet to announce the price of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India, as
per trade estimates the 16GB iPhone 6s will be priced at around Rs 55,000-56,000
while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB model will be sold at around Rs 65,000-66,000.
The prices will be much higher for the 64 GB and 128 GB models.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday

Half of Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus sales in India may happen through
e-tailers

BYLINE: John Sarkar

SECTION: RETAIL

LENGTH: 379 words


NEW DELHI: After brick-and-mortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's
e-tailing giants to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated
to rake in domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech
company. Apple plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India,
and half of it is expected to happen through the online route. This will also
reduce the chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say
industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day, cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S. "Within six months of
purchase, if you want to sell your phone, we will pay you 50 per cent of its
value and 40 per cent after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning
and most of the competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of
stock availability, delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks."

Snapdeal has assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to
its pre-booked customers who complete payment by 4 pm on October 15. Though
Khara did not reveal numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online
marketplace is eyeing revenues that may run into hundreds of crores from the
iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. While Croma, one
of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

Similarly, Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S
pre-bookings from Thursday night. A senior executive from the company said it
will offer a 30-day replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is
offering.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Apple India Set to Launch iPhone 6s, 6s Plus on Oct 16

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 312 words


Apple on Monday announced that it will launch its latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
in India on October 16, shortening the time to market to three weeks of its US
launch as compared to a month and more in previous years.

The company has informed its trade partners and top retailers in India that the
company will undertake a big midnight launch of the new iPhones on October 16,
with an aim to grow sales by 50-60% over what it had sold in India during last
year's launch phase.

Apple has also asked the large retail chains, Apple Premium Resellers and big
local stores to take prebooking orders from the first week of October by when it
is going to formalise and announce the price, three senior officials said.

"Apple is progressively reducing the time to market its new iPhones in India
reflecting the importance of the market and to take on rival Samsung which too
had preponed the launch of its latest flagships, Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6
edge+, this year by almost a month," a senior official with a trade partner
said.

Last year, Apple had launched its latest flagship smartphones

after a month of its US launch. This year, Apple started selling the new iPhone
6s and 6s Plus models in the US from September 25. The company on Monday also
announced a new record after having sold more than 13 million handsets in just
three days after launch. ET had earlier reported the new iPhones will hit India
around October 15.

While Apple is yet to announce the price of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India, as
per trade estimates the 16GB iPhone 6s will be priced at around . 55,000-56,000
while the iPhone 6s ' Plus 16 GB model will be sold at around ' . 65,000-66,000.
The prices will be much higher for the 64 GB and 128 GB models. Lot Mobiles,
which operates 225 stores across Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, is planning to
sell 50% more on the midnight launch of the new iPhones this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

The iPhone 6s is brilliant - until the battery dies;
Digital life

BYLINE: John Davidson

SECTION: COMPUTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 868 words


Someone should write a game for Apple's iPhone 6s, where users sit there with
their phones and pop bubble wrap on the screen.

In this new version of the game, you wouldn't just tap on the bubbles to pop
them, the way you do with existing bubble wrap apps. What a pointless and
unsatisfying game it would be if all you had to do is touch bubbles to pop them.

No, in my version you would have to press long and hard on a bubble before it
popped, just like you have to in real life. And the harder you pressed, the
louder the popping noise would be. How awesome would that be?

I for one would pay good money for such a game. It would the perfect way to
relieve the frustrations of everyday life, not to mention the frustrations of
owning the iPhone 6s itself.

That's right, frustrations.

I'm on to only my fourth day of using the iPhone 6s, and already it's driving me
nuts. How can a phone that is so utterly brilliant in so many respects have such
an utterly mediocre battery life? The phone was dead by 3pm yesterday after a
night on the charger, and it was dead by 7pm the day before that.

Admittedly, I've been driving it pretty hard because I'm reviewing it, but I
review dozens of phones a year the same way and none of them are dead that fast.

3pm! Grrrr! Where is some bubble wrap when you need to pop something?

I wouldn't care, except for the fact that when it's got a charge the iPhone 6s
is the best smartphone I have ever used. Together with the iPhone 6s Plus, the
iPhone 6s has got a new feature known as 3D Touch that creates a new type of
gesture for touch devices, one in which you get different outcomes depending on
how hard you press the screen.

And 3D Touch is brilliant.

Press lightly on the bubble in my imaginary bubble game, and it merely squeaks.
Press harder and it squashes. Press all the way and it pops. It could even feel
like a pop, because Apple has incorporated haptic feedback into 3D Touch, which
makes the iPhone vibrate differently depending on the hardness of the press. 3D
Touch is in only a few apps, most written by Apple, but I can tell it's going to
change the way we use devices, because after just two days it changed the way I
used devices. On Sunday I found myself hard-pressing on my Microsoft Surface Pro
tablet, and wondering momentarily why it wasn't working. Having used 3D Touch
for only a few days, I fear there is no going back to other phones: something
I'm going to rue every 8pm when the phone is out of juice.

Probably the best example of 3D Touch is in Apple's email app. When you're in
your email inbox, a gentle press on an email header causes all the other headers
to de-focus, so you know you're pressing on the right one.

Press a little harder and a preview of the email pops up and stays there until
you either take your finger off the screen, which closes the preview, or you
press even harder, which fully opens the email. When in preview mode you can
even slide your finger for additional functions: a swipe to the right marks it
as read, a swipe to the left archives it, and a swipe upwards exposes other
options such as Reply, Forward and Move Message.

By far, it's the best email experience I've had on a phone. 3D Touch makes it
easy to power through dozens of emails quickly, just with your thumb. If only
you could mark emails as read just by previewing them, without the need for that
extra swipe, it would be perfect. Die, emails, die!

Apple calls that first, preview gesture a "peek" and the harder press a "pop",
which might have been what made me think of bubble wrap. But Apple's pop is
nowhere near as satisfying as the pop I have in mind. If emails could make a
loud popping sound when you delete them, that would be doubly perfect.

The only thing I find more satisfying than popping bubble wrap is deleting
emails so I never have to look at them again.

However, 3D Touch, brilliant as it is, has come at a cost.

To squeeze in the new "Taptic Engine" haptic feedback system used by 3D Touch ,
Apple has apparently had to shrink the phone's battery slightly. Apple says it
has made up for that smaller battery with improved efficiencies elsewhere,
meaning you're no worse off with an iPhone 6s than you were with an iPhone 6,
but that misses the point.

The iPhone 6s has got the best camera of any phone we've ever reviewed (equal
best with Samsung's Galaxy S6 and Note 5, I should say), it's got the best user
experience on the market, it's one of the fastest phones ever released (you
should see our benchmarks), its new fingerprint scanner is the fastest we've
ever seen, and it's one of the best-looking phones there is, with the best
ecosystem of apps and accessories.

So why, oh why, can't the iPhone 6s have an industry-leading battery life too?
It costs enough. The battery on the iPhone 6s should be bigger, not smaller. The
iPhone 6s is slightly heavier than the iPhone 6, again because of the 3D Touch
technology, and it's better for it.

The extra weight, while only barely noticeable, makes the iPhone 6s feel ever so
slightly better in the hand in my opinion. An extra half millimetre of thickness
to accommodate a bigger battery wouldn't have hurt, and it might even have
improved the feel of the phone, just like the extra weight did.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Apple's iPhone 6s: one of the fastest phones ever released.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

Airtel to offer new iPhones 6s and 6s plus from Friday

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 201 words


NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the latest to
come out from the Apple stable, beginning Friday, October 16 through 235 of its
retail stores across the country. Fifty seven of Bharti Airtel's retail stores
will stay open all night so customers can be among the first in India to get
their hands on the all-new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers Rs 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said in a statement on Tuesday.

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
world-class experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini Gopalan, director -
consumer business, Bharti Airtel. ET had reported the development last week.

Earlier, Vodafone India had announced data and calling plans for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus with benefits. The Vodafone's Rs 1,299 monthly plan includes 3GB
mobile internet quota, 4,000 free Local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and
national SMS, for six months.

Charges above plan limits will be 50 paise/MB for data usage, 50 paise/message
and 50 paise/minute for voice calls.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has Unique Gestures made through '3D-Touch'

BYLINE: Peter Jenkins

LENGTH: 340  words


Looking at Apple's new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus might not look different
from iPhone 6 or other Apple's iPhone variants. But, the newest device has
unique gesture detection capabilities that are powered by '3D-Touch' technology
and which open up a new way to unlock shortcuts and give commands.

The new iPhones have been featured with a 12-megapixel iSight camera and can
record 4K HD video for the first time. The new iPhones have 50% more pixels
compared to its predecessors and can take larger panorama photos. No change in
the size of the new iphones has been done but a new kind of 'strongest' glass on
the screen has been introduced by the Company.

Phil Schiller, Apple vice president, claimed that the iPhone users can take
videos with better resolution. There is a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera
inbuilt in new iPhones that can take more detailed photos. Schiller said that
the flash on the camera offers TrueTone lighting, which matches the light with
the ambient lighting. Most interesting feature in the new iPhones is of 'Live
Photos' that allows details in the photos to move like moving waterfall with the
sound of rushing water.

Now comes the talk of price of these iPhones for which you all will be waiting,
the cost of 16GB iPhone 6s has been set $199 whereas the cost of 64GB and 128 GB
iPhone 6s has been set as $299 and $399. The cost of 16GB, 64 GB and 128 GB
iPhone 6s Plus has been set as $299, $399 and $499. A new iPhone upgrade program
has been introduced by the Company which allows its customers to pay $32 per
month till the release of a new iPhone and then customer can return its old
device to the Company.

Along with the release of two new iPhones, the Company also released Giant iPad
Pro, Apple Pencil, New Apple TV at 2015 Special Event.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Region: United
States (http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: Apple
(http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 2:10 PM GMT

iPhone 6s smartphone will feature 'iCladding' as Apple take action to prevent
repeat of 'Bendgate';
Apple will unveil its latest smartphone along with a variety of other premium
gadgets at a launch event in California, from 6pm UK time today

BYLINE: By Ruki Sayid

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 162 words


Apple is today launching a tough new iPhone 6 with an aluminium casing to
prevent a repetition of "Bendgate".

Some iPhone 6 Plus mobiles warped when put in back pockets, but the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus are designed to stay in shape.

Prices are expected to start from £539 for the 6S and £619 for the 6s Plus.

Apple is also set to unveil a king-size, 12.9in iPad and a 12.2ins iPad Air Plus
to take on Microsoft's 12ins Surface Pro 3.

A cheaper gold Apple Watch is also on the cards.

Is this a tantalising glimpse of the iPhone 6s?

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

The latest iPhone will be debuted at a live event in California.

Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the latest version
of the tech giant's hugely popular iPhone gadget.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch via the Mirror.co.uk stream HERE from 7pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

T-Mobile Offers $5 a Month for iPhone 6s with Trade-In Working and Undamaged
iPhones

BYLINE: Peter Jenkins

LENGTH: 283  words


Earlier this month, T-Mobile had announced that it would be offering a special
price of $20 per month for 18 months to its customers for 16 GB iPhone 6s under
the lower-priced Jump On Demand Offerings. But, the latest news from the Company
will shock you as it is now offering iPhone 6s and 6sPlus for just $5 per month
if a customer trades in a working and undamaged Apples iPhones.

Through the company's Jump On Demand program, T-Mobile customers are also
eligible to get larger capacity iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. According to the
new deal by the Company, they will offer 128GB iPhone 6s for $3 per month if the
customer trades in an of an Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+,
Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5 smartphone. The Company has also
set the rate of the same 128GB iPhone 6s for $8 per month in trade of an iPhone
5s or a Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone, which would be $13 per
month on trade of any other phone.

This seems great that the company has decided to pay up to $650 per line in
switching costs and early termination fees for new customers. John Legere,
president and CEO of T-Mobile, said that offering iPhones at just small price
per month is just their way to attract customers to join T-Mobile.

On September 9, Apple has launched its new iPhone 6s featuring 4.7-inch display
covered in a new strong cover glass and built on fastest third-generation 64-bit
A9 chip.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Region: United
States (http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: T-Mobile
(http://nycity.today/company/t-mobile)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

iPhone 7 might be a bit thinner than the iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 244  words


By tbreak Staff -

After the success of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple is gearing up for the
release of the iPhone 7, its latest flagship. As usual, the rumor mill has been
busy, and the latest rumor is that the iPhone 7 will look similar to the iPhone
6s, but thinner.

According to a report from KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the iPhone 7 will be
visually similar to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but it will be 1mm thinner. It
will have the same height and width, and will not be waterproof. For
comparison's sake, the iPhone 6s is currently 7.1mm thin, so if this report is
true, the iPhone 7 will be just 6.1mm thick similar to the iPod touch, which0 is
also 6.1mm thick. The camera at the back will also now be flush with the
device's casing and will not feature the 3.5mm headphone jack. Instead, it might
come with stereo speakers, which should improve sound quality as opposed to the
mono speakers in the earlier iPhones. The iPhone 7 might also come with a
thinner Lightning port than previous iPhones. However, this does not mean that
we will need a new cable or connector, it is just the actual cutout that is made
smaller.

Apple is also working on a revamped, cord free pair of Beats to go along with
the iPhone 7 in lieu of the 3.5mm headphone jack. These headphones will most
likely be sold separately and come with a charging case included.

The iPhone 7 is expected to be unveiled later this year in September.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/89/145691791406.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

200 iPhone 6s seized at city airport since Sept 25 launch

BYLINE: Aditya Anand

SECTION: CRIME

LENGTH: 378 words


Getting the latest iPhone from abroad because it's still not available in India?
You could land in deep trouble if you walk through the Green Channel with it.

The Mumbai Customs have noticed a massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus at the airport and, since its launch on September 25, have seized 200
such handsets from foreign returning passengers.

While Apple will officially launch the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on
the night of October 15, those returning from abroad have started bringing back
the handsets.

"We seized 200 of the latest iPhone models, valued at Rs 1.23 crore, over the
last week. They were being smuggled into India by fliers from Singapore, Hong
Kong, London, Dubai, etc. We have increased screening of baggage, besides
profiling of passengers," Additional Commissioner, Customs, Milind Lanjewar
said.

Officials warned that if passengers are detected with the handsets after passing
through the Green Channel, they are liable to pay a fine, penalty and duty.
According to Lanjewar, duty will be levied on a single phone as well, since its
value is more than goods allowed under 'free allowance'.

"Technically, passengers have to declare goods above Rs 45,000, but most people
are not aware of this. Duty of 36% is levied on the excess amount," Lanjewar
said, adding that even a single iPhone would have to be declared and the duty
paid.

India prices released by Apple distributor Ingram Micro on Tuesday pegged the
iPhone 6s 16 GB at Rs 62,000, the 64 GB variant at Rs 72,000 and 128 GB version
at Rs 82,000, while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB will be priced at Rs 72,000, 64 GB
at Rs 82,000 and 128 GB at Rs 92,000. All the prices, it may be noted, exceed
the permissible free duty limit.

Officials said that passengers are smuggling them in for monetary benefit by
sale through the grey market. "This seizure is not the first. On Sunday, seven
youths who came from Hong Kong and Singapore were detained in Delhi with 182
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus," an official said.

The new iPhone models are presently available across US, UK, Australia, Canada,
China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico and
Singapore. Apple has sold over 13 million units of these phones since the
launch.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s, 6s Plus in first weekend

LENGTH: 546  words


Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their
first weekend of availability in 12 markets.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses
during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets, setting a record for
its marquee product.

Although sales surpassed analysts' expectations of 12 million to 13 million
units, shares of Apple fell more than 1 percent. This suggested investors
remained skeptical that Apple can improve on the demand for the previous iPhone,
which propelled the company to its most profitable quarter ever, said IDC
analyst John Jackson.

"Topping what the iPhone 6 achieved looks like a tall order, even for Apple,
with its history of outdoing itself," he said.

The iPhone 6 had set the previous record of 10 million unit sales in its first
weekend, but the figures did not include China, where regulatory problems
delayed the gadget's debut last year.

Analysts had said Apple was virtually assured to set a first-weekend record for
iPhone sales with the inclusion of China, which many expect will soon be the
company's largest market.

But several analysts said the 6s figures, which also included the United States,
Australia and the UK, suggested Apple was on pace to lift iPhone sales slightly
from last year.

Analyst Shannon Cross of Cross Research said she was impressed by Apple's
ability to drum up consumer interest in a device with relatively modest
improvements over the iPhone 6, whose new, larger screens touched off a sales
frenzy.

"It's indicative of the strength of Apple that you have at least as many people
wanting the iPhone 6s," she said.

The sales figures gave a glimpse of Apple's performance in China, whose economic
downturn has been a source of great angst for investors.

FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives estimated that Apple sold more than 2
million iPhones in China over the weekend.

"Demand out of China looks white-hot," he said.

The weekend also marked the debut of Apple's upgrade program, which allows users
to receive a new iPhone each year for monthly installments starting at $32,
regardless of their carrier.

Many customers over the weekend appeared to be participating in the program,
Cross said, although the plan may prove more popular among the earliest buyers
of the new iPhones.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the program could help boost sales as
consumers begin to put off replacing their smartphones.

Apple is also benefiting from a weak field. New phones from chief rival Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd have received a lukewarm reception, and other manufacturers
seem to be stuck playing catch-up, Jackson said.

Apple said the new iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional
countries starting Oct 9, reaching more than 130 by year-end.

The new phones have improved cameras and a display technology called 3D Touch,
which responds based on how hard users press their screens.

Apple relies heavily on sales of the iPhone, which generated nearly two-thirds
of its revenue in the latest quarter.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/71/144349971723.jpg

eca86bd9ddb41774335544.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s, 6s Plus in first weekend

LENGTH: 533  words


Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their
first weekend of availability in 12 markets.

Apple fans wait outside the Apple store in Sanlituan to pick up new iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, in Beijing, on Sept 25, 2015. [Photo by Liu
Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses
during their first weekend of availability in 12 markets, setting a record for
its marquee product.

Although sales surpassed analysts' expectations of 12 million to 13 million
units, shares of Apple fell more than 1 percent. This suggested investors
remained skeptical that Apple can improve on the demand for the previous iPhone,
which propelled the company to its most profitable quarter ever, said IDC
analyst John Jackson.

"Topping what the iPhone 6 achieved looks like a tall order, even for Apple,
with its history of outdoing itself," he said.

The iPhone 6 had set the previous record of 10 million unit sales in its first
weekend, but the figures did not include China, where regulatory problems
delayed the gadget's debut last year.

Analysts had said Apple was virtually assured to set a first-weekend record for
iPhone sales with the inclusion of China, which many expect will soon be the
company's largest market.

But several analysts said the 6s figures, which also included the United States,
Australia and the UK, suggested Apple was on pace to lift iPhone sales slightly
from last year.

Analyst Shannon Cross of Cross Research said she was impressed by Apple's
ability to drum up consumer interest in a device with relatively modest
improvements over the iPhone 6, whose new, larger screens touched off a sales
frenzy.

"It's indicative of the strength of Apple that you have at least as many people
wanting the iPhone 6s," she said.

The sales figures gave a glimpse of Apple's performance in China, whose economic
downturn has been a source of great angst for investors.

FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives estimated that Apple sold more than 2
million iPhones in China over the weekend.

"Demand out of China looks white-hot," he said.

The weekend also marked the debut of Apple's upgrade program, which allows users
to receive a new iPhone each year for monthly installments starting at $32,
regardless of their carrier.

Many customers over the weekend appeared to be participating in the program,
Cross said, although the plan may prove more popular among the earliest buyers
of the new iPhones.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the program could help boost sales as
consumers begin to put off replacing their smartphones.

Apple is also benefiting from a weak field. New phones from chief rival Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd have received a lukewarm reception, and other manufacturers
seem to be stuck playing catch-up, Jackson said.

Apple said the new iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional
countries starting Oct 9, reaching more than 130 by year-end.

The new phones have improved cameras and a display technology called 3D Touch,
which responds based on how hard users press their screens.

Apple relies heavily on sales of the iPhone, which generated nearly two-thirds
of its revenue in the latest quarter.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Gurgaon-based Grofers gears up to deliver new iPhones at the doorsteps of buyers

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 13 -- Hundreds of Apple fans in India will be able to get hold of
the much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on the same day of the launch this
year.


 Hyper-local delivery app Grofers, which allows consumers to order products
online across categories from groceries to smartphones and get them delivered to
their doorstep within a few hours, has taken the hyper-local delivery to a next
level.
 The Gurgaon-based start-up has tied up with Reliance Digital to deliver iPhone
6s to its customers at midnight on Friday when the Cupertino-based Apple Inc
launches the smartphone in India. The base price of iPhone 6s is pegged at
[#x20b9]62,000 while that for iPhone 6s Plus is [#x20b9]92,000.
 Tiger Global-backed Grofers, which recently entered the electronics category,
is exclusively starting midnight deliveries of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
in eight cities. This will be for the first time in India that iPhones will be
delivered at the doorstep of the customer on the midnight of the launch in India
- October 15.
 Dhruv Arora, Category Head for Electronics at Grofers, said, "Many speak about
standing in lines around iPhone launches, but the majority gives up on the idea
because of the given constraints around late night, assured availability, etc.
This will be the first for India and probably the world that iPhones will be
delivered within minutes after the midnight launch. Several people from senior
management along with other employees will be personally delivering the iPhones
at midnight."
 Arora added that ever since the app has taken pre-bookings of iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6s, the traffic and overall engagement on the app has gone up by 30 per
cent.
 "We have grown 200 per cent in the number of net orders since the previous
month in the electronics category. We got our first 2 pre-bookings of iPhone 6
in the first 3 minutes. And 80 per cent of our consumers who have booked iPhones
have opted for midnight deliveries on October 15," he added. He, however, did
not give out any figures on the number of bookings received for the iPhones.
 Aiming high
 Apple, which is looking to set up a manufacturing base in India in
collaboration with Foxcon, is looking to surpass the 55,000 sales number it had
achieved last year during the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this year
through a mix of online and offline sales strategy.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s could be made of stronger aluminum

LENGTH: 201  words


The next iPhones will not bend

By tbreak Staff -

Reliable tech analyst Ming-Chi Kuo reports that Apple plans to use the stronger
7000 series aluminum/zync materials for the next Apple iPhone 6S and the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus. These new materials are aimed to address the BendGate issues
that the present iPhone 6/ iPhone 6 Plus users have faced.

Kuo mentions that the materials could make the next iPhones slightly bigger at
0.2mm more thickness, and 0.15mm taller. Apple will also be adding the new Force
Touch technology for the next iPhones as well.

The anticipated Apple iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus is expected to feature a
revamped 12MP camera, a new A9 processor, 2GB of RAM, sharper display and a new
Rose Gold color option too in the premium segment. The new devices are expected
to be announced by the fourth quarter of this year.

There were also reports that Apple is considering to implement the iPhone 6S
with a 4.7-inch display with 1080p resolution, and the bigger iPhone 6S Plus
with a 5.5-inch 1440p resolution display. The new Apple A9 processor will be
fabricated under Samsung's 14nm FinFET processor. So expect the new fabrication
to come with improved power consumption and heat dissipation.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

New iPhones land in Israel on October 15;
The iPhone 6S and the 6S Plus will cost NIS 3,700 and NIS 4,200, respectively,
for the basic 16 GB model.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 236 words


The new iPhones will land in Israel on October 15. Partner, Cellcom, and
Pelephone have announced the new lineup will be available for sale that same
day. The gadget shops, like iDigital and BUG will also offer the new models.

Consumers who want to guarantee Apple's iPhone 6S or the 6S Plus could pre-order
them starting October 9 from Cellcom. Dynamica Cellular and iDigital will hold a
midnight launch event on October 14.

The new iPhone prices are expected to be similar to last year's models, with NIS
3,700 for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and NIS 4,200 for the Plus.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US stands at NIS 2,700 (including local
states), while the 6S Plus sells at NIS 3,130.

Same look, new body

The new iPhones look identical to the previous models but are made of a tougher
aluminum, with the same size screen but made with a new hardened glass cover.
The most significant development for the 6S and the 6S Plus is the inclusion of
the 3D Touch technology.

The new tech senses the pressure of the touch and provides a variety of new
features. For example, when pressing on the Mail app, the phone will now give a
preview of an email. Facebook and Instagram will also support 3D Touch with the
former letting users post status updates straight from the home screen.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 1, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Globes [online] - Israel's Business Arena

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

New iPhones land in Israel on October 15;
The iPhone 6S and the 6S Plus will cost NIS 3,700 and NIS 4,200, respectively,
for the basic 16 GB model.

BYLINE: Tzahi Hoffman

LENGTH: 236 words


The new iPhones will land in Israel on October 15. Partner, Cellcom, and
Pelephone have announced the new lineup will be available for sale that same
day. The gadget shops, like iDigital and BUG will also offer the new models.

Consumers who want to guarantee Apple's iPhone 6S or the 6S Plus could pre-order
them starting October 9 from Cellcom. Dynamica Cellular and iDigital will hold a
midnight launch event on October 14.

The new iPhone prices are expected to be similar to last year's models, with NIS
3,700 for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and NIS 4,200 for the Plus.

The price of an iPhone 6S in the US stands at NIS 2,700 (including local
states), while the 6S Plus sells at NIS 3,130.

Same look, new body

The new iPhones look identical to the previous models but are made of a tougher
aluminum, with the same size screen but made with a new hardened glass cover.
The most significant development for the 6S and the 6S Plus is the inclusion of
the 3D Touch technology.

The new tech senses the pressure of the touch and provides a variety of new
features. For example, when pressing on the Mail app, the phone will now give a
preview of an email. Facebook and Instagram will also support 3D Touch with the
former letting users post status updates straight from the home screen.

Published by Globes [online], Israel business news - www.globes-online.com - on
October 1, 2015

© Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2015

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 July 20, 2016

Apple's iPhone SE Is Taking Away Sales From Higher-Priced iPhones

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: CLICK

LENGTH: 294 words


http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/Click03-aapl-072016-iStock.j
pg

Apple's[ticker symb=AAPL] lower-cost iPhone SE was meant to expand the company's
market reach to more price-sensitive consumers, but the cheaper handset is
taking away sales from higher-priced iPhones, a report out Wednesday indicates.

Many owners of older-model iPhones are upgrading to the iPhone SE rather than
the iPhone 6 and 6S series handsets, Consumer Intelligence Research Partners
said.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has an IBD Relative Price Strength Rating of just 19, meaning
it has been outperformed by 81% of stocks in the last 12 months. More
information on Apple stock is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

In the second quarter, the new iPhone SE accounted for 16% of total U.S. iPhone
sales, with the iPhone 6S at 39% and iPhone 6S Plus at 26%, CIRP said.

"In this quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus accounted for 65% of total sales,"
said Josh Lowitz, CIRP partner and co-founder. "In contrast, a year ago, in the
June 2015 quarter, their predecessors, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, had 82% of total
sales."

A year ago, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus grew their share of total U.S. iPhone sales
relative to the previous quarter, up from 78% in the March 2015 quarter. But in
this year's June quarter, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus saw their share shrink
relative to the March 2016 quarter, to 65% from 71%.

CIRP blamed the iPhone SE for taking away sales of the flagship models.

Apple launched the iPhone SE, which starts at $399, on March 31.

Apple stock rose 0.9% to 99.96 in the stock market today, the third straight day
that it hit or topped 100 intraday but closed below that level. The shares are
down 5% so far in 2016.

RELATED:

Apple App Store Anti-Competitive? Spotify, Sen. Warren Think So

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     October 14, 2015 Wednesday 1:46 PM GMT

The best iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s cases;
The newest member of the Apple family line is being snapped up like hot cakes.
If you've welcomed the latest iPhone into your life, you'll need something tough
to protect it from scuffsand scratches. We've found the best cases to keep your
6sin tip-top condition

BYLINE: Melisha Kaur

SECTION: GADGETS & TECH

LENGTH: 419 words


Your spanking new iPhone 6sis a beautiful thing. But you'll need a protective
case to keep it that way. Drops, scrapes and marks are hard to avoid if you're
always on the go, so we've found some tough covers to safeguard your smartphone
while giving it a stylish finishing touch.

1. Ted Baker iPhone 6/6sCase in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

Featuring a vibrant floral design, this pretty case offers all-round protection
against everyday bumps and scrapes and gives easy access to controls. Selfie
queens can use the built-in mirror before taking a snap and keep their phone in
a handbag without worrying about it getting scratched.

Ted Baker iPhone 6/6sCase in Alli Cascading Floral with Mirror

£29.95, Proporta,

Buy it now

2. Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

The Simpsons fans can protect their tech with this fun case by Skinnydip London.
The colourful accessory is made with flexible silicone and will cover the back
and sides of your smartphone.

Skinnydip iPhone 6/6s Krusty O's Case

£16, Skinnydip London,

Buy it now

3. Rock Dr.V iPhone 6s/6 View Case in Gold

Perfect for multi-taskers on the go, this sleek gold flip case offers strong
protection for the front and back of your phone and allows you to unlock your
device while it's still closed. The slim cover offers a snug fit and also aids
grip - which is great for those who tend to drop their phones.

Rock Dr.V iPhone 6s/6 View Case in Gold

£19.99, MobileFun,

Buy it now

4. Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

This semi-transparent case may only be 0.4mm thick, but a premium polycarbonate
build and protective urethane coating means it's tough enough to keep your
iPhone safe from knocks and scratches. If you're not keen on the bulk of most
cases, then this lightweight cover is your best bet.

Spigen iPhone 6 and 6s Air Skin Soft Clear Case

£12.99, Mobile Madhouse,

Buy it now

5. Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6s/6 Case in Mint Green

Give your phone a fresh look with this handsome mint green case. With a striking
hollow maze-inspired design, the hard cover has a raised bezel to shield your
device from scratches and dirt and won't add extra bulk.

Olixar Maze Hollow iPhone 6s/6 Case in Mint Green

£15, MobileFun,

Buy it now

Follow us on Twitter

@ESLifeandStyle

and on

Facebook

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 15, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple: New iPhone pre-orders are on pace to surpass 2014 pre-orders record

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 214  words


Tech giant Apple said on Monday that the pre-orders for its next-generation
iPhones - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus - are on track to set a new record,
surpassing the 10 million units which were pre-ordered for the iPhone 6 models
in the first weekend in 2014.

As a result of the Monday disclosure by Apple, that pre-orders for the new
iPhones are apparently set to beat last year's iPhone pre-orders record, the
company's shares witnessed a surge of nearly 2 percent.

The pre-orders for the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets were opened by
Apple on September 12. The shipping of the handsets will commence on September
25.

Though Apple has not disclosed the exact number of new iPhone pre-orders which
it has received till now, analysts had estimated that the pre-order figures will
likely touch 4.5 million units for the first 24 hours. In comparison, 4 million
units of the last-year iPhones were pre-ordered during the first day of the
opening of pre-orders.

Meanwhile, with Apple having revealed that the iPhone 6S Plus model has exceeded
its projections for the pre-order period, Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in
a statement: "Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been
extremely positive, and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the
world."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

First batch of leaked iPhone 6S photos surfaces online

BYLINE: Apoorva Sikka

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 182 words


NEW DELHI: Apple may make users wait three more months before it takes the
covers off the next-generation iPhone, but fans can take heart as the first
batch of leaked iPhone 6S has surfaced online.

, the images show that iPhone 6S will have the same look as its predecessor,
iPhone 6, down to the dimensions. However, the report says that iPhone 6S Plus
may feature a few changes in design.

Though the design of iPhone 6S does not have any tweaks, it will still come with
a different internal mounting structure for the new logic board and components.

The leaked images shoot down the rumours that said iPhone 6S will be equipped
with a dual-lens rear camera system, since the cut-outs for camera, microphone
and LED flash on the rear casing are the same as the ones seen in iPhone 6.

The antenna lines will still be present on the exterior as on iPhone 6 as well.

Like its predecessor, iPhone 6S will sport the same design at the bottom for the
headphone jack, speaker holes, microphone and Lightening port.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 11:05 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 915 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 11:04 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 915 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 22, 2016 Tuesday 2:38 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 915 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 11:05 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 915 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 11:04 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 915 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 26, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Unique Features of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus Makes them Different from their
Predecessor

BYLINE: Natalia Hall

LENGTH: 283  words


The newest devices of Apple, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, have unique features
that make them completely different from its predecessors. Both the newest
devices are having faster 64-bit A9 processor and a sharper camera.

The new iPhones have been featured with a 12-megapixel iSight camera and can
record 4K HD video for the first time. The new iPhones have 50% more pixels
compared to its predecessors and can take larger panorama photos. No change in
the size of the new iphones has been done but a new kind of 'strongest' glass on
the screen has been introduced by the Company.

Phil Schiller, Apple vice president, claimed that the iPhone users can take
videos with better resolution. There is a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera
inbuilt in new iPhones that can take more detailed photos. Schiller said that
the flash on the camera offers TrueTone lighting, which matches the light with
the ambient lighting. Most interesting feature in the new iPhones is of 'Live
Photos' that allows details in the photos to move like moving waterfall with the
sound of rushing water.

Now comes the talk of price of these iPhones for which you all will be waiting,
the cost of 16GB iPhone 6s has been set $199 whereas the cost of 64GB and 128 GB
iPhone 6s has been set as $299 and $399. The cost of 16GB, 64 GB and 128 GB
iPhone 6s Plus has been set as $299, $399 and $499. A new iPhone upgrade program
has been introduced by the Company which allows its customers to pay $32 per
month till the release of a new iPhone and then customer can return its old
device to the Company.

Along with the release of two new iPhones, the Company also released Giant iPad
Pro, Apple Pencil, New Apple TV at 2015 Special Event.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Comparison: Motorola Moto X Force with Motorola Moto X Play and Apple iPhone 6s

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 291 words


NEW DELHI: Motorola finally launched its much awaited 'shatterproof'
smartphonein India. The handset is the talk of the town because of its powerful
specifications and the shatterproof shield technology. We compared the Motorola
Moto X Force withand, so that you can choose the one right for you.

Display

Motorola Moto X Force: 5.4-inch

Motorola Moto X Play: 5.5-inch

Apple iPhone 6s: 4.7-inch

Operating System

Motorola Moto X Force: Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (upgradeable to Marshmallow)

Motorola Moto X Play: Android 5.1.1 Lollipop

Apple iPhone 6s: iOS 9 (upgradeable to iOS9.2)

Processor

Motorola Moto X Force: Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor

Motorola Moto X Play: Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor

Apple iPhone 6s: 1.84GHz Dual-core processor

Storage

Motorola Moto X Force: 32GB/64GB

Motorola Moto X Play: 16GB/32GB

Apple iPhone 6s: 16GB/64GB/128GB

RAM

Motorola Moto X Force: 3GB

Motorola Moto X Play: 2GB

Apple iPhone 6s: 2GB

Camera

Motorola Moto X Force: 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Motorola Moto X Play: 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Apple iPhone 6s: 12 MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Connectivity

Motorola Moto X Force: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth,
GPS, NFC, Infrared

Motorola Moto X Play: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS,
NFC

Apple iPhone 6s: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth, NFC,
GPS

Battery

Motorola Moto X Force: 3,760 mAh

Motorola Moto X Play: 3,630 mAh

Apple iPhone 6s: 1,715 mAh

Price

Motorola Moto X Force: starting at Rs 49,999

Motorola Moto X Play: starting at Rs 16,999

Apple iPhone 6s: starting at Rs 45,4999

Read also

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Comparison: Motorola Moto X Force with Motorola Moto X Play and Apple iPhone 6s

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 291 words


NEW DELHI: Motorola finally launched its much awaited 'shatterproof'
smartphonein India. The handset is the talk of the town because of its powerful
specifications and the shatterproof shield technology. We compared the Motorola
Moto X Force withand, so that you can choose the one right for you.

Display

Motorola Moto X Force: 5.4-inch

Motorola Moto X Play: 5.5-inch

Apple iPhone 6s: 4.7-inch

Operating System

Motorola Moto X Force: Android 5.1.1 Lollipop (upgradeable to Marshmallow)

Motorola Moto X Play: Android 5.1.1 Lollipop

Apple iPhone 6s: iOS 9 (upgradeable to iOS9.2)

Processor

Motorola Moto X Force: Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 615 processor

Motorola Moto X Play: Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 processor

Apple iPhone 6s: 1.84GHz Dual-core processor

Storage

Motorola Moto X Force: 32GB/64GB

Motorola Moto X Play: 16GB/32GB

Apple iPhone 6s: 16GB/64GB/128GB

RAM

Motorola Moto X Force: 3GB

Motorola Moto X Play: 2GB

Apple iPhone 6s: 2GB

Camera

Motorola Moto X Force: 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Motorola Moto X Play: 21 MP, f/2.0, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Apple iPhone 6s: 12 MP, f/2.2, 29mm, phase detection autofocus, dual-LED (dual
tone) flash

Connectivity

Motorola Moto X Force: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth,
GPS, NFC, Infrared

Motorola Moto X Play: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS,
NFC

Apple iPhone 6s: Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, dual-band, hotspot, Bluetooth, NFC,
GPS

Battery

Motorola Moto X Force: 3,760 mAh

Motorola Moto X Play: 3,630 mAh

Apple iPhone 6s: 1,715 mAh

Price

Motorola Moto X Force: starting at Rs 49,999

Motorola Moto X Play: starting at Rs 16,999

Apple iPhone 6s: starting at Rs 45,4999

Read also

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 28, 2015 Monday 4:44 PM GMT

Apple breaks sales record as 13 million iPhones sold in first three days of new
models hitting the shops;
NEW iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones fly off the shelves with figures boosted
by the fact that China is now a launch day country for the first time.

BYLINE: By Martyn Landi

SECTION: NEWS,BUSINESS & CONSUMER

LENGTH: 245 words


APPLE has sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones in the
first three days of sale, the technology giant has announced.

The figure is a new record for Apple, having previously sold 10m of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus when it went on sale last year.

The new 6s model, which costs around £460, has a better camera, faster processor
and a pressure-sensitive screen for the first time.

Queues formed outside Apple Stores around the world when the new phones went on
sale on Friday.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said of the figures: "Sales for iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend
sales results in Apple's history.

"Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos,
and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even
more countries on October 9."

Following the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, Apple went on to sell more than
70m units in three months, and post the largest ever quarterly profit by a
public company in history of £11.8billion.

There had been suggestions that given the huge sales last year, and the modest
upgrades on the device that demand could drop, however the addition of China as
a launch day country for the first time is likely to have boosted demand once
again.

Apple confirmed the new iPhones will also launch in 40 more countries on October
9, and reach 130 countries by the end of the year.

Quick Quiz: News 24/09/15

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Apple says preorders for new iPhones will set a record

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 278 words


Scrambling to meet an unexpectedly robust demand for its new iPhone 6s Plus,
Apple said Monday that preorders have been so strong that the company should
surpass last year's record sales of 10 million phones over the first weekend.

"The online demand for iPhone 6S Plus has been exceptionally strong and exceeded
our own forecasts for the pre-order period," Apple said in a statement. "We are
working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6S Plus as
well as iPhone 6S units available at Apple retail stores when they open next
Friday."

Unveiled last week at an event in San Francisco, the two new models -- the 6S
and the slightly larger 6S Plus -- became available for preorders over the
weekend. Hyped on stage by CEO Tim Cook and his lieutenants as practically a
compete overhaul, with the slogan "The Only Thing That's Changed is Everything,"
the new phones have more memory and faster chips inside. Besides a new 12
megapixel camera, the phones feature a new "3D Touch" screen that allows users
to dive deeper into an email or webpage simply by applying more pressure to the
glass with their fingers.

"This news doesn't surprise us," said analyst Tim Bajarin with Creative
Strategies. "Apple continues to give reasons for people to upgrade, including
the new 3D Touch, and the improved camera and processor."

Bajarin also pointed out that fewer than a third of iPhone owners have upgraded
yet to the original iPhone 6 released last September, "so there's still plenty
of headroom for iPhone 6Ss and 6S Plus growth."

Apple stock jumped more than 1 percent during trading Monday.

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689 or follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during an
Apple media event in San Francisco, California on September 9, 2015. Apple
unveiled its iPad Pro, saying the large-screen tablet has the power and
capabilities to replace a laptop computer. AFP PHOTO/JOSH EDELSONJosh
Edelson/AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Apple cuts prices of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Dec. 21 -- Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus by up to 16 per cent just two months after their launch in India to boost
flagging sales in what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for
the flagship devices nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16 per cent and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs
55,000, according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of
anonymity. The price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of
both models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
devices between launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a
national retailer said. The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone
6 devices launched in 2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers.
"The price difference between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many
customers are not willing to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive
of another national retailer.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday

Pre-bookings for new iPhones begins

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 366 words


Dubai: Both telco operators and retailers in the UAE have started accepting
pre-orders for the new iPhones, which will be available from October 10 at
12.01am at select outlets.

Etisalat is selling iPhone 6S for Dh2,699 (16GB), Dh3,099 (64GB) and Dh3,499
(128GB). The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,099 (16GB), Dh3,499 (64GB)
and Dh3,899 (128GB). The devices are available in silver, space grey, rose gold
and gold.

Du is selling the iPhone 6S for Dh2,749 (16GB), Dh3,149 (64GB), Dh3,599 (128GB).
The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,149 (16GB), Dh3,599 (64GB) and
Dh3,999 (128GB).

Etisalat said the iPhone 6S is available from monthly rentals of Dh265, Dh400
and Dh650 while the iPhone 6S Plus is available at Dh290, Dh425 and Dh675
monthly. In addition, customers can enjoy monthly data allowance of 5GB, 10GB
and 20GB respectively.

Etisalat's smartphone plans for the iPhone 6S also includes flexi or local
minutes on all three packages, such as the 20GB monthly data package bundled
with 750 flexi or 2,000 local minutes.

Prepaid customers can also get the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus devices with 10
GB free data by simply dialling "Deal of the Day number" *050#.

Offers

Du has three main offers.

The zero upfront package for Dh250 per month gives 2GB of data per month and the
Dh300 per month package gives 11GB data and 300 flexi minutes on a monthly basis
for a contract period of 24 months.

"The high-end package of Dh1,000 per month for 24 months will get 2,500 flexi
minutes, 25GB of data, gold number and every year two free iPhones," du said.

By pre-ordering with a new postpaid number from du, subscribers can avail many
smart plans and Emirati plans worth Dh300, Dh600 and Dh1,000 which offer free
talk time, data, SMS and free minutes for up to three preferred UAE numbers.
There are more details on the companies' websites.

As for the retailers, some said they will be getting enough stocks compared to
last year while others said that they were not looking to stack their stands for
Gitex Shopper since the event would be winding up on October 11.

Last year, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus did make for brisk sales at Shopper stands but
retailers ran out of stocks within a few hours.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     March 23, 2016 Wednesday 10:28 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     March 23, 2016 Wednesday 10:28 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 10:05 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 10:05 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     March 23, 2016 Wednesday 10:35 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     March 23, 2016 Wednesday 10:35 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 946 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Latest iPhone on sale this month;
Singapore among first markets to get iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In San Francisco

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 517 words


Apple unveiled new versions of the iPhone and Apple TV, as well a larger tablet,
the iPad Pro, at a special media event on Wednesday at the Bill Graham Civic
Auditorium.

The iPhones will arrive in Singapore very soon, but local Apple fans will have
to wait a little longer before getting their hands on the new iPad Pro and Apple
TV.

Singapore will be one of the first 12 markets, which includes China, Hong Kong,
Canada and the United States, where the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will go
on sale on Sept 25.

The biggest feature of the new devices is the screen's pressure- sensitive "3D
Touch" capabilities. Similar to the Force Touch used on Apple Watch's display,
users can press on the screen to bring up a menu or options.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will use an improved 12-megapixel (MP) rear
camera (up from 8MP previously) that can shoot ultra high definition 4K (3,840 x
2,160 pixels) videos. The front-facing camera also uses an improved 5-megapixel
camera for selfie lovers.

<ul class="background-story"> LATEST FEATURES   PROCESSOR Both iPhone

models use the new A9 processor, which increases processing speed by 70 per cent
and graphics performance by 90 per cent, compared to the previous A8 chip.

3D Touch The new iPhones'

screens have pressure-sensitive "3D Touch" capabilities. Users can press the
screen to bring up a menu or options.

Camera Both iPhones offer an

improved 12-megapixel (MP) rear camera that is able to shoot 4K videos, and an
improved 5MP front-facing camera.

Colour The new iPhones come in

a new rose-gold colour, to add to the current collection of gold, silver and
space grey options.

Prices start from $1,048 for the iPhone 6s 16GB model, while the entry-level
16GB iPhone 6s Plus model goes for $1,218. Pre-orders of the iPhones starts
tomorrow.

The Cupertino tech giant's new TV setup box - Apple TV- will be available in the
US at the end of next month, starting from US$149 (S$211) for a 32GB model.
There are no details so far on prices or availability in Singapore.

An Apple representative said it will be coming to Singapore soon, but did not
give a date. The updated Apple TV runs a new tvOS operating system, which is
based on Apple's iOS mobile operating system.

"I am pretty excited by the new Apple TV," said Mr Hedirman Supian, 34, who
works in media operation at Facebook. He felt the Apple TV's new interface looks
intuitive.

The new, larger iPad Pro, offers a 12.9-inch touchscreen display and is slated
to be available here in November. It will come with optional keyboard and stylus
accessories.

There is no local pricing yet but prices in the US start from US$799 for the
basic 32GB Wi-Fi model.

Sales engineer Neo Wei Ren, 30, said he loves the bigger screen of the iPad Pro,
which makes it useful for work presentations. "It has been a hassle to flip
through a notebook to look for my notes. Now, with the iPad Pro and Apple
Pencil, I can finally digitise all my notes for easy search and reference," he
said.

According to Apple, the Apple Pencil is a precision stylus that makes drawing
and sketching feel fluid and natural.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple chief executive Tim Cook launched the new iPhones at the Bill
Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple reports record sales of iPhone 6s;
Apple reports r...

LENGTH: 333 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and
6s Pluses during their first weekend on the market, setting a record for its
marquee product.


Apple said on Monday it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses
during their first weekend on the market, setting a record for its marquee
product.

The company beat its previous record of 10 million in sales for the previous
generation of iPhones in its first weekend in 2014. This year's results
benefited from the inclusion of the Chinese market, where regulatory problems
delayed the gadget's debut last year.

Analysts had expected the company to sell 12 million to 13 million phones this
past weekend.

"Customers' feedback is incredible, and they are loving 3D Touch and Live
Photos," Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a statement. "We can't
wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even more countries
on October 9." Analysts had said Apple was virtually assured to set a new record
for iPhone sales with the inclusion of China, which many expect will soon be the
company's largest market. But the figures announced on Monday suggest Apple's
iPhone sales were up overall, said FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel
Ives. He said the sales figures should ease investors' concerns about how Apple
will fare amid economic turmoil in China. "Demand out of China looks white-hot,"
Ives said. Moor Insight & Strategy analyst Patrick Moorhead said the sales
figures also suggested Apple seized some market share from Samsung Electronics
Co Ltd, its chief rival in the smartphone market. Apple said the new iPhones
would be available in more than 40 additional countries starting Oct. 9,
reaching more than 130 countries by the end of the year. The iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus arrived in stores on Friday, kicking off a sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much allure remains for the smartphone. The company
relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated nearly
two-thirds of its revenue in the latest quarter. Shares of Apple were down 1.5
percent at dollar 112.97 in early trading. (Reuters) Source:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and possible Watch 2: Here's what Apple fans can possibly expect from
September 7 event

BYLINE: Smita Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 799 words


After month of speculations, leak and rumours, Apple has finally announced the
launch date for its next generation of the iPhone. Beside iPhone, one can also
expect an Apple Watch 2 along with a host of other announcements to be made on a
press event on September 7. The Cupertino-based company will live stream the
event that can be watched here at 10.30 PM IST.

Though Apple struggles to maintain the mystery of its new devices, but there
have been a plenty of reports and rumours indicating that the company plans to
launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus, which will look lot like their
predecessor iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. A bigger change to device is expected
next year in 2017.

Also Read: Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

Apple CEO Tim Cook will unveil the new iPhones at a time when Apple is
struggling somewhat in the market. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus really did
not set the market on fire. According to a report by Strategy Analytics, Apple
iPhone shipments fell by 35% annually at 0.8 smartphones in India in the second
quarter of 2016.

Android smartphone users have greater levels of honesty and humility than iPhone
users: Study

Apple's smartphone marketshare halved from 4.5% to just 2.4% in India during the
past year. But it is expected that with iPhone 7, Apple will regain its top slot
in the market. Rumours hint that the new iPhones will come packed with new
features, which may give tough fight to Samsung.

Here's a quick rundown on what one can expect from much-awaited Apple's iPhone
launch event:

1) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus:

- Rumours hints that the new iPhone models, presumably called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus respectively, will have a very similar designs to the existing
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- Expected to come in three variants (based on storage) - 32GB, 128GB and 256
GB.

- According to a report iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost Rs 53,000, the 128GB and
256 GB are expected to cost Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250 respectively. While 32GB,
128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs
69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.

- Some recent reports suggest that, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D
touch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a larger display
5.5-inch display.

- Both the models are rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor.

- Although, this information is still in realm of rumours, it is almost certain
that Apple may drop the port on the next models and instead use the space for
other upgrades or slimmer iPhones in future. Users may have to use the Lightning
port to attach headphones or move to a Bluetooth pair.

- According to a report, Apple will remove the two innermost antenna lines that
runs across the back of the current iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- More and more wishpers have also pointed towards Apple will use the 3D
technology of the iPhone 6S, possibly alongside hardware taken from the latest
MacBook and will ditch a moving button altogether in favour of a touch-sensitive
patch.

- If the rumours and leaked pictures are to be believed, there will a
significant camera upgrade. The upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP
rear camera coupled with a 5 MP front-facing snapper. The iPhone 7 Plus will
sport a 16MP rear camera. A huge upgrade could mean near DSLR quality
photographs.

- Pre-release rumours also suggests that both the devices will be
water-resistant, bringing the phones in line with the likes of the Samsung
Galaxy S7.

- Both the models will be powered by iOS 10 OS version.

- Apple will also incorporate fast charging functionality in both the devices.
Early whispers also inevitably tagged the iPhone 7 as an adopter of wireless
technology.

- According to a report, the phone will go on pre-order soon after the launch
date with expected delivers and market availability from September 16. In India,
the iPhone 7 is likely to launch around the end of September or early October,
depending upon the demand and supply situation.

2) Apple Watch 2:

Some reports hinted that Apple is likely to launch Watch 2 this year. The new
model is expected to come with better waterproofing feature, along with hardware
features such as GPS, thinner display with One Glass Solution, a barometer and a
higher capacity battery life. Even the Watch 2 is not expected to come without
any cosmetic changes, but will pack faster internals, which will be ideal for
those who use it to go running. Whispers also hinted at the Watch having camera,
but no images have been leaked so far.

It is still unclear as to what Apple will or will not unveil on September 7, but
the only certain thing that the Cupertion-based company will roll out is iOS 10,
which was announced at WWDC 2016 get-together in San Francisco on June 13, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and possible Watch 2: Here's what Apple fans can possibly expect from
September 7 event

BYLINE: Smita Sinha

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 799 words


After month of speculations, leak and rumours, Apple has finally announced the
launch date for its next generation of the iPhone. Beside iPhone, one can also
expect an Apple Watch 2 along with a host of other announcements to be made on a
press event on September 7. The Cupertino-based company will live stream the
event that can be watched here at 10.30 PM IST.

Though Apple struggles to maintain the mystery of its new devices, but there
have been a plenty of reports and rumours indicating that the company plans to
launch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus, which will look lot like their
predecessor iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. A bigger change to device is expected
next year in 2017.

Also Read: Apple iPhone 7 leaks: Here's what we know till date

Apple CEO Tim Cook will unveil the new iPhones at a time when Apple is
struggling somewhat in the market. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus really did
not set the market on fire. According to a report by Strategy Analytics, Apple
iPhone shipments fell by 35% annually at 0.8 smartphones in India in the second
quarter of 2016.

Android smartphone users have greater levels of honesty and humility than iPhone
users: Study

Apple's smartphone marketshare halved from 4.5% to just 2.4% in India during the
past year. But it is expected that with iPhone 7, Apple will regain its top slot
in the market. Rumours hint that the new iPhones will come packed with new
features, which may give tough fight to Samsung.

Here's a quick rundown on what one can expect from much-awaited Apple's iPhone
launch event:

1) iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus:

- Rumours hints that the new iPhone models, presumably called iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus respectively, will have a very similar designs to the existing
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- Expected to come in three variants (based on storage) - 32GB, 128GB and 256
GB.

- According to a report iPhone 7 32GB is said to cost Rs 53,000, the 128GB and
256 GB are expected to cost Rs 61,200 and Rs 71,250 respectively. While 32GB,
128GB and 256GB versions of iPhone 7 Plus would roughly cost Rs 61,200, Rs
69,200 and Rs 79,300 respectively.

- Some recent reports suggest that, the iPhone 7 will feature a 4.7-inch 3D
touch display, while the iPhone 7 Plus is expected to feature a larger display
5.5-inch display.

- Both the models are rumoured to be powered by Apple's A10 processor.

- Although, this information is still in realm of rumours, it is almost certain
that Apple may drop the port on the next models and instead use the space for
other upgrades or slimmer iPhones in future. Users may have to use the Lightning
port to attach headphones or move to a Bluetooth pair.

- According to a report, Apple will remove the two innermost antenna lines that
runs across the back of the current iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

- More and more wishpers have also pointed towards Apple will use the 3D
technology of the iPhone 6S, possibly alongside hardware taken from the latest
MacBook and will ditch a moving button altogether in favour of a touch-sensitive
patch.

- If the rumours and leaked pictures are to be believed, there will a
significant camera upgrade. The upcoming iPhone 7 is expected to bear a 12MP
rear camera coupled with a 5 MP front-facing snapper. The iPhone 7 Plus will
sport a 16MP rear camera. A huge upgrade could mean near DSLR quality
photographs.

- Pre-release rumours also suggests that both the devices will be
water-resistant, bringing the phones in line with the likes of the Samsung
Galaxy S7.

- Both the models will be powered by iOS 10 OS version.

- Apple will also incorporate fast charging functionality in both the devices.
Early whispers also inevitably tagged the iPhone 7 as an adopter of wireless
technology.

- According to a report, the phone will go on pre-order soon after the launch
date with expected delivers and market availability from September 16. In India,
the iPhone 7 is likely to launch around the end of September or early October,
depending upon the demand and supply situation.

2) Apple Watch 2:

Some reports hinted that Apple is likely to launch Watch 2 this year. The new
model is expected to come with better waterproofing feature, along with hardware
features such as GPS, thinner display with One Glass Solution, a barometer and a
higher capacity battery life. Even the Watch 2 is not expected to come without
any cosmetic changes, but will pack faster internals, which will be ideal for
those who use it to go running. Whispers also hinted at the Watch having camera,
but no images have been leaked so far.

It is still unclear as to what Apple will or will not unveil on September 7, but
the only certain thing that the Cupertion-based company will roll out is iOS 10,
which was announced at WWDC 2016 get-together in San Francisco on June 13, 2016.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

Facebook now supports Live Photos for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 182  words


Now iPhone 6s and 6s Plus users can upload Live Photos on Facebook. One of the
key new features of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus is the ability to take live
photos, it captures about a second and a half of audio and video before and
after you press the shutter. The rear and front facing camera's are both capable
of taking Live Photos

To take a live photo, open the camera app and tap on the Live Photos icon on the
top of the screen, it will turn yellow when activated.

Facebook announced that iOS users who have the latest iPhones will be able to
upload these photos on their Facebook account.

To allow the feature to work, a little 'live' icon will need to be toggled on.
It is the same "bulls eye" shaped icon that needs to toggled on in the camera
app to make your photos come to life with one and a half seconds of audio and
video.

Any iPhone running on iOS 9 or above can view these photos on Facebook, while
Live Photos can only be uploaded by iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus users.

While a few lucky people have this feature early, It is reported to be rolling
out worldwide sometime after new year.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

Airtel offers freebies worth Rs 15,000 with iPhone 6s, 6s Plus

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 230 words


NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel today announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus, the most advanced iPhones ever, beginning Friday, October 16 through 235
of its retail stores across the country. To celebrate the launch of the new
iPhones, 57 of Bharti Airtel's retail stores will stay open all night so
customers can be among the first in India to get their hands on the all-new
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers Rs 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said.

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
world-class experience on Bharti Airtel", said Srini Gopalan, Director -
Consumer Business, Bharti Airtel. ET had reported the development last week.

On the other hand, Mobikwik's latest release of the iOS app - version 5.6
launched on October 11 - with its presses, peeks, and pops, will support the 3D
Force Touch feature and iOS 9 users in India.

Following the update to the MobiKwik app for iOS, this enhancement will be
exploited to let users recharge their devices, transfer money, and shop online
more kwikly and directly from homescreen of their iPhone 6S and 6S Plus using
Quick Actions.

It also offers support for Apple watchOS 2 and has optimized performance by
fixing several bugs.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 22, 2016 Tuesday 8:46 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's iPhone SE - successor to the
popular 4-inch iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 494 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 22, 2016 Tuesday 8:46 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's iPhone SE - successor to the
popular 4-inch iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 494 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           November 7, 2015 Saturday

GP brings iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Nov. 7 -- Grameenphone officially launched iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.
Grameenphone is the first operator in Bangladesh to deliver the latest IPhone 6s
and 6s plus to the local consumers. Mr. Yasir Azman, Chief Marketing Officer of
Grameenphone handed over the latest iPhone handsets among the pre booking
customers. The pre booking started on October 23, 2015. GP started delivering
iPhone to pre booking customers from its 17 GPC's and Experience Center across
the country. From now on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will be available at Grameenphone
Centers. The Star Customers will get 24 EMI, while general customers will get 12
EMI on the handset price. iPhone buyers will also get 50% discount on Heavy
Browsing Nonstop Internet package of GP, which they can buy 8 times in the first
two months of the phone purchase.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      October 6, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus listed on Flipkart at Rs 64,836 onwards

BYLINE: Ruby Ortega

LENGTH: 258  words


Apple hasn't yet officially started selling its newest iPhone 6s, 6s Plus in
India, but the flagship devices have already found their way on e-commerce giant
Flipkart. The iPhone 6s is available in Gold, Rose Gold, Silver, and Space Grey
colors. It has been listed at Rs 64,836 for the base model of 16 GB whereas the
64 GB and 128 GB variants have been listed at Rs 74,117 and Rs 83,401
respectively.

On the other hand, the phablet-sized iPhone 6s Plus has been listed at Rs 74,117
for the base model and Rs 83,401 and Rs 88,478 for the subsequent variants. A
listing by some other seller has quoted the 64 GB Rose Gold iPhone 6s Plus price
at Rs 85,945.

Apple has not made any announcement regarding the pricing details for India, but
the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are likely to cost around the same range as listed
on Flipkart.

Another possibility is that may be the Flipkart prices turn out to be the
official prices. But the surprising thing is that the site has allowed for a
purchase and the listing has been done not for pre-order. But, the phone will be
delivered after October 16, which is the official release date of the phones in
India.

The newest iPhones have come with a tap-reducing feature known as 3D Touch and
Apple has also added a new color Rose Gold in the choices.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Region: United
States (http://nycity.today/location/united-states)Company: Apple
(http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple of our eyes;
StarTech

BYLINE: DAVE SNELLING; TOM HUTCHISON

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 350 words


IT'S iPhone time again! Apple has just launched two new smartphones.

And StarTech has been lucky enough to take them for a spin.

The iPhone 6s and bigger 6s Plus may look familiar on the outside, but there's
plenty going on inside to get fans excited.

Perhaps the biggest change is the new 3D Touch display.

This clever screen is packed with sensors that know exactly how much pressure
you're applying.

The iPhone can then enable gestures so you can dip in and out of content without
losing your place.

For example, you can tap and hold the phone app to reveal your most popular
contacts and call them without lifting your finger off the screen.

3D Touch. also provides shortcuts to the 3D Touch also provides shortcuts to the
things you do most, so you can send a message or take a selfie with just a
simple press from the Home screen. Having tested 3D Touch, it's a dream to use
and we can see it becoming a very welcome addition.

Another new feature on the 6s is the improved camera, which can record in Ultra
HD 4K quality.

We viewed content shot in this format and it looks mightily impressive. Another
bonus is the new Live Photo mode.

This records a short video each time you take picture, allowing your snaps to
move and come to life. It's a nice way to view your images, but the jury's out
on how often use it. With Apple's super-fast A9 chip inside, the iPhone 6s feels
slick.

Apps are swift to launch and you get the feeling the new iPhone will cope with
everything thrown at it.

One thing we did notice is this new device is slightly bigger than its older
sibling. And the new means the iPhone tech has put on a small amount of weight.
But one bonus of this added bulk is that the iPhone 6s is tough.

Apple say the screen is made from the strongest glass on any smartphone. And
we're sure people will accidentally test the truth of this when it goes on sale
next week.

We had only a short time with the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but there's plenty to
be excited about.

They look good, are fast and you'll be wondering how you ever managed without 3D
Touch.

Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus can be pre-ordered now.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UPGRADED: New iPhone 6s has an improved camera and a new 3D Touch
display

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Egypt Independent

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday

IPhone 6S: A lively, speedy upgrade

BYLINE: CNN

LENGTH: 944  words


Hold on to your hats because what I'm about to say might shock you: The new
iPhone is better than the old iPhone.Apple (AAPL, Tech30)'s iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus are available on Friday, and many people must do the annual soul
searching that comes after an Apple release. Do you jump now, wait another year,
or stick with your Android phone?Many smartphone owners are on an
every-other-year upgrade cycle. A few hardcore Apple lovers get the latest
iPhone annually. Waiting years until your last phone is a broken, sluggish,
former shell of itself is also a completely valid upgrade philosophy.For anyone
on the fence, it all comes down to the new features. I tested the best new
additions on a rose gold iPhone 6S Plus. (The iPhone 6S Plus is essentially just
a really big iPhone 6S, so the review applies to both models.)Let's jump in.3D
touch
What is it?

There are two new ways to touch the iPhone screen: harder, and harder than
that.The iPhone 6S screen detects pressure, a feature Apple calls 3D Touch.
Pressing harder than a tap mostly triggers shortcuts and previews. The phone
issues different vibrations to let you know you've pushed hard enough.On the
home screen, pressing on an icon opens a pop-up window with shortcuts for that
app. When you're inside an app, pressing and holding on elements or text can
show a preview (called a "Peek") of things like images, links, maps, and emails.
Push harder and it will open full screen (called a "Pop"). Press on the left
side of the screen to trigger the carousel that shows other open apps.Is it any
good? Getting around the phone is absolutely faster, when you do it right. The
3D Touching takes a bit of practice. I keep making the same mistakes, like not
pushing hard enough on an icon and making all the apps jiggle instead. Or
pressing on things that don't support 3D Touch (not even the current
temperature, Apple Weather app?).It will probably always be a bit of trial and
error, as more third-party apps add support for pressure. Right now it works on
the big Apple apps and a first wave of third-party apps including Facebook,
Pinterest, Instagram, Evernote, Twitter, Opentable, Dropbox and Weibo. More will
follow, hopefully finding new and interesting ways to take advantage of pressure
sensitivity, like drawing and gaming.Our brains will memorize what peeks and
what pops quickly enough, and 3D Touch will become second nature.Live Photos
What is it? A Live Photo is a proprietary new kind of photo that combines a
three-second video with a still image. To bring a still image to life, press
hard on the image and keep your finger down.When you take a photo on a 6S with
Live Photos turned on (front or back camera), it automatically records 1.5
seconds of video with audio before and after the image. Sadly, they're only
viewable on Apple mobile devices running iOS 9 or the upcoming OS X El Capitan
(you can share them as normal photos anywhere). Third parties like Facebook,
Getty and We Chat plan to add support for Live Photos by the holidays.Is it
good? When the moment is right, Live Photos are legitimately very cool. They
remind me of the animations the Google Photos app automatically makes from a
burst of photos.The moment is not always right. The assumption is that the
seconds before and after a photo is taken are also worth saving. Many of my
shots started with a blur of movement and ended with a close up of the floor or
my pants. Or of someone awkwardly holding a smile. I started adjusting my normal
photo taking habits, slowing down to increase my ratio of usable Live
Photos.Once you take a Live Photo, there's no way to delete the video part and
just keep the photo on the phone. You can turn it off in Edit mode, but the
video is not deleted, which isn't very helpful if you're trying to clear up
space.New cameras
What are they? Apple knows a major selling point of the iPhone its cameras, so
it showers them with attention. The 6S has a 12-megapixel camera on back that
can shoot 4K video, and 5-megapixel camera on the front for FaceTime and
selfies. Apple also made a bunch of under-the-hood improvements for better
photos.One of the only feature differences between the 6S and 6S Plus is that
the latter has optical image stabilization.Are they any good? Compared to the
same photos taken by an iPhone 6, the iPhone 6S's images do look higher quality.
But my favorite new fun feature is on the front camera. There's a flash option
that is actually the iPhone screen lighting up to full brightness. It doesn't
just use white light though, it detects the lighting conditions and tints the
screen accordingly.Hey Siri
What is it? "Hey Siri" is Siri but without any touching.Say the phrase "Hey
Siri" near a sleeping or locked iPhone 6S and start talking. The digital
assistant springs to life at the sound of your voice.This feature isn't new, but
being able to use it without being plugged into a power source is. Hey Siri on
the iPhone 6S works even if you phone is on the dash of a car or pinned under a
stack of $20s in your purse.Is it good? This isn't just for knitters, jugglers,
and people who just got manicures. The future of smart assistants is hands-free,
just ask Amazon, Google and Trekkies. Any frustrations with this feature are the
same issues I've had with regular Siri, like a shortage of third-party
integration.Is it a must-have?
The iPhone 6S is absolutely a solid upgrade, if you need one. It has some
drawbacks, including some extra weight and no real battery improvement. But 3D
Touch makes for a better experience across the board and general performance
improvements are worth a leap from a 5S or older. Live Photos are just a cute
bonus.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1386


                        Copyright 2015 Egypt Independent
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday

No midnight queues for iPhone 6S, demand lower than last year

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI/KOLKATA/CHENNAI: Apple kicked off the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
launch in India at midnight, with early sales and estimates from retailers in
key cities indicating the magic may not be working as much as it did last year
on account of lukewarm demand.

A majority of large-format retailers and brick-and-mortar stores that ET spoke
to across different locations in New Delhi, Kolkata, Bengaluru and Chennai said
sales this time were not as high as a year ago, when Apple launched large-screen
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus and demand had outstripped supply.

"I was manning the iPhone counter here last year. This year, it is very low.
Today, sales were 10-20% of last year," said a leading retailer at Forum in
Koramangala in Bengaluru, asking not to be identified.

Spice Hotspot, which has three retail stores in New Delhi's Connaught Place,
sold 25 units on day one. Demand was lower than last year and the stores had
extra phones available for customers who hadn't booked the devices.

The head of a big retail chain in the capital said there was sufficient
inventory, unlike last year when stocks were sold out by mid-day. "Apple was
cautious this year to ensure there is no stock out this year. The lower demand
was also the reason why inventory has piled up," he said, adding that only
die-hard Apple fans were buying this year.

The situation was similar in Kolkata, where two leading Apple exclusive retail
shop owners said sales were less than last year, with one of them revealing it
had sold 120 units of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, compared with more than 200 units
last year. Another shop confirmed sales have been 50% lower.

Queues of buyers were seen at midnight across some stores in New Delhi and other
cities, which prompted Apple CEO Tim Cook to thank Indian buyers. "Thanks to all
our customers in India who queued at midnight for the new iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus!" Cook said on Twitter early Friday.

Alok Gupta, CEO of The Mobile Store, India's largest cellphone retailer, was
cautiously optimistic, saying the first lot of buyers are always true Apple
lovers and a clear trend would emerge after a few days.

The 16GB, 64GB and 128GB variants of the iPhone 6S are being sold for Rs 62,000,
Rs 72,000 and Rs 82,000, respectively, and similar versions of the 6S Plus cost
Rs 72,000, Rs 82,000 and Rs 92,000. Prices, which are higher than that in the
US, were not a deterrent for many ardent Apple fans.

The initial tepid demand might mimic the lacklustre demand trends that analysts
predict globally. According to a report quoting Pacific Crest Securities, which
obtained information from multiple chip maker sources, Apple is said to have
reduced component orders by about 15% on a global scale, indicating
weaker-than-expected sales.

Apple said it sold more than 13 million iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models in
the three days after the September 25 launch in the US, which is a record.
Chennai-based retailer Magnum Computers had sold seven devices, while retail
chain Vivek's had sold nine iPhones by Friday evening. Retailers said they were
confident of sales picking up over the weekend and through the Diwali shopping
period.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

'Imported' iPhone 6s Available in India, But Be Ready to Pay More

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 359 words


For those not willing to wait, the iPhone 6s is already available in India.With
just over two weeks before some of the most sought after smartphones hit retail
shops in India, Apple's latest offering -iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -are
available on eBay India and a few reseller sites such as OLX and Quikr for what
appears to be an astounding marked up price.

One can buy an 'imported' iPhone 6s 128 GB model for Rs 1,14,999 on ebay.in,
which will be delivered anywhere in India within five to six days from receiving
the payment. The seller is also offering a six month seller-warranty on models,
including the iPhone 6s 16 GB model for Rs 69,999, and the 64 GB variant for Rs
84,999. These are backed by an eBay guarantee.

Another seller on used goods site Olx.in is offering the iPhone 6s 64

GB for '. 75,000 and can ship it within a day. While one on Quikr.com has put a
. 65,000-tag for the 16 GB ' variant of iPhone 6s Plus.

"But there will be no guarantee or warranty on this phone," a seller on Olx.in
told ET when contacted. "The phone's come from overseas and won't have the
standard warranty or guarantee," he added.The phones are available within five
days of the US

launch on September 25.

Sources at Apple say these are imported phones, therefore won't have guarantees,
features that Apple does not provide internationally. Also, they warn that
buyers would be taking a real chance as the seller could take all the money
upfront, but with no guarantee of delivery.

Apple did not officially comment on the grey market or resale trend. While Olx
and Quikr did not respond to queries on listings on their sites, an eBay India
spokesperson clarified that the seller-warranty was not akin to
manufacturer-warranty , the latter is offered by phone brands.

If the buyer does not get the product as per the listing specification, he or
she can raise an eBay Guarantee claim within a specified time limit and seek
replacement or refund. "eBay acts as a facilitator to resolve the claim between
the buyer and seller. The fact that the transaction is via PaisaPay the buyer's
interest is always maintained till he/she confirms receipt," the spokesperson
added.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 9:25 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's iPhone SE - successor to the
popular 4-inch iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 512 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Read more: iPhone SE launch event RECAP: Apple reveals 'budget' iPhone, a new
iPad Pro and Apple Watch discount

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         7 Days (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday

Has Sheikh Hamdan upgraded to Apple's iPhone 6S?

LENGTH: 322 words


The humorous post was captioned 'Vegetables & Apple', hinting the phone could be
Apple's latest toy. It received more than 33,400 'likes'.

It appears the Crown Prince of Dubai may have got a new iPhone 6S.

In a cryptic post on Instagram, His Highness Sheikh Hamdan bin Mohammed bin
Rashid Al Maktoum shared a picture of himself holding a handful of carrots,
cucumbers and tomatoes - alongside a companion holding items that include what
appears to be a Silver iPhone.

The humorous post was captioned 'Vegetables & Apple', hinting the phone could be
Apple's latest toy. It received more than 33,400 'likes'.

Apple CEO Tim Cook presented the latest version of the company's iPhone - the
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6SPlus - at the tech giant's highly anticipated 'Hey Siri'
event on September 9 at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco,
California.

Cook called the iPhone 6S range "the most advanced iPhones ever".

The new models feature 3D Touch, which senses force to enable intuitive new ways
to access features and interact with content.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus feature Retina HD displays and 7000 series
aluminium, the same alloy used in the aerospace industry, in metallic finishes
that now include Rose Gold.

The phones also introduce a photography function called Live Photos, which
brings still images to life by

"capturing a moment in motion".

RELATED: Will the new iphone 6S arrive in time for Gitex?

If Sheikh Hamdan, also chairman of Dubai Sports Council, has indeed switched to
the 6S we may see him using this feature and posting 'Live Photos' on his social
media channels.

The crown prince, or Fazza as he's fondly known, has more than 2.6million
followers on Instagram and is well known for his love of photography. His
profile on Instagram states: "Every picture has a story and every story has a
moment that I'd love to share with you Thanks and enjoy."

megha@7days.ae

http://imgs.syndigate.info/8/10/58/144335472478.png



LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 10


                     Copyright 2015 7 Days - Al Sidra Media
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday
                              Australian2 Edition

iPhone 'peek and pop' makes impression

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 554  words


Apple has changed how we interact with smartphones, with a new "hard press"
feature on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus available from this weekend.

I've been testing the new handsets for 10 days, and while they look almost
identical to last year's, the new models represent the most exciting "s" upgrade
to date.

The new feature, called 3D Touch, involves pressing the screen harder than usual
to drill down and view an email from the inbox or a text message, a calendar
entry from a calendar link, or a web page from a Safari hyperlink.

After pressing hard, releasing your finger from the screen causes the
information you viewed to evaporate. There's no need to press a back button. But
if you press harder again, you feel a "pop" and gain further functionality.
Apple calls the whole experience "peek and pop".

Already more than 20 appli-cations use 3D Touch, and once third-party developers
upgrade their applications, there will be hundreds more. One of the best
examples is the new trackpad. Hard pressing the regular keyboard changes it into
a trackpad with useful cursor control.

Apple introduced the hard-press gesture this year on the 12-inch MacBook's
trackpad, and migrated it to Apple Watch. With it also on iPhone, we can expect
to see it across all Apple devices.

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus also -introduce "live photos", a concept unsuccessfully
implemented by HTC in 2013 where the camera takes three seconds of video
whenever you snap a still. Your photos move slightly when you view them in the
Photos app and, by hard pressing, you get the video.

The new iPhones have better back and front-facing cameras, with 12 and five
megapixel resolution respectively. The previous iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had eight
and 1.2MP ones. Low-light performance is better too. And you can take selfies in
the dark. Although there is no specific front-facing flash unit, the screen
itself flashes brightly enough to light up surroundings.

The new phones shoot high-resolution video although the display doesn't support
that quality in playback. But you can edit high-resolution video in iMovie and
manually upload it to a desktop via a USB cable to achieve top quality.

Unfortunately, because of the weaker dollar, all new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
models cost more than $1000. Prices range from $1079 for the iPhone 6s with 16
gigabytes of storage to $1579 for an iPhone 6s Plus with 128GB.

The new iPhones are available in gold, silver, "space grey" and with a new
rose-gold metallic -finish.

Customers can order online from Apple from Saturday, or through carriers. Apple
says most of its stores will have iPhones for walk-in customers each day.

Chris Griffith travelled to the Apple launch event in San Francisco this month
courtesy of Apple.

CORE APPLE FEATURES PROS * 3D Touch feature adds new ways of interacting with
the phone * Live photos shoots three seconds of video when snapping a still *
Improved 12 megapixel back-facing camera & 5mp selfies camera * You can shoot
selfies in the dark with front-screen flash * iPhone 6s and 6s Plus shoots
high-resolution video CONS * Expensive in Australia, with all models costing
more than $1000 * High-resolution video selection hidden away in settings app *
You can shoot high-resolution but the screen does not support it in playback

* As with all iPhones, no microSD card for expanding storageLIFE P16

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

iPhone 'peek and pop' makes impression

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 554  words


Apple has changed how we interact with smartphones, with a new "hard press"
feature on iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus available from this weekend.

I've been testing the new handsets for 10 days, and while they look almost
identical to last year's, the new models represent the most exciting "s" upgrade
to date.

The new feature, called 3D Touch, involves pressing the screen harder than usual
to drill down and view an email from the inbox or a text message, a calendar
entry from a calendar link, or a web page from a Safari hyperlink.

After pressing hard, releasing your finger from the screen causes the
information you viewed to evaporate. There's no need to press a back button. But
if you press harder again, you feel a "pop" and gain further functionality.
Apple calls the whole experience "peek and pop".

Already more than 20 appli-cations use 3D Touch, and once third-party developers
upgrade their applications, there will be hundreds more. One of the best
examples is the new trackpad. Hard pressing the regular keyboard changes it into
a trackpad with useful cursor control.

Apple introduced the hard-press gesture this year on the 12-inch MacBook's
trackpad, and migrated it to Apple Watch. With it also on iPhone, we can expect
to see it across all Apple devices.

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus also -introduce "live photos", a concept unsuccessfully
implemented by HTC in 2013 where the camera takes three seconds of video
whenever you snap a still. Your photos move slightly when you view them in the
Photos app and, by hard pressing, you get the video.

The new iPhones have better back and front-facing cameras, with 12 and five
megapixel resolution respectively. The previous iPhone 6 and 6 Plus had eight
and 1.2MP ones. Low-light performance is better too. And you can take selfies in
the dark. Although there is no specific front-facing flash unit, the screen
itself flashes brightly enough to light up surroundings.

The new phones shoot high-resolution video although the display doesn't support
that quality in playback. But you can edit high-resolution video in iMovie and
manually upload it to a desktop via a USB cable to achieve top quality.

Unfortunately, because of the weaker dollar, all new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
models cost more than $1000. Prices range from $1079 for the iPhone 6s with 16
gigabytes of storage to $1579 for an iPhone 6s Plus with 128GB.

The new iPhones are available in gold, silver, "space grey" and with a new
rose-gold metallic -finish.

Customers can order online from Apple from Saturday, or through carriers. Apple
says most of its stores will have iPhones for walk-in customers each day.

Chris Griffith travelled to the Apple launch event in San Francisco this month
courtesy of Apple.

CORE APPLE FEATURES PROS * 3D Touch feature adds new ways of interacting with
the phone * Live photos shoots three seconds of video when snapping a still *
Improved 12 megapixel back-facing camera & 5mp selfies camera * You can shoot
selfies in the dark with front-screen flash * iPhone 6s and 6s Plus shoots
high-resolution video CONS * Expensive in Australia, with all models costing
more than $1000 * High-resolution video selection hidden away in settings app *
You can shoot high-resolution but the screen does not support it in playback

* As with all iPhones, no microSD card for expanding storageLIFE P16

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Apple could launch 3 new iPhones this year

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, March 30 -- Apple will launch three new iPhone models in September
this year rather than the usual two, according to new rumours that have surfaced
online.

Alongside an iPhone 6S and an iPhone 6S Plus, the world's most valuable company
could reveal a smaller iPhone 6C - potentially with a 4-inch screen.

The new addition would be in a similar vein to the iPhone 5C that launched
alongside the iPhone 5S in 2013. It would feature a smaller screen and could,
potentially, be more affordable than the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.

Like the current models, the new iPhones would all be equipped with TouchID
fingerprint scanners and Near-Field Communication (NFC) for using Apple Pay.

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus would - as in previous years - feature a boost
in processing power to stay relevant against the likes of the HTC One M9 and the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge.

But it is believed that the smaller iPhone 6C would stick with the current A8
processor found in the iPhone 6 in order to keep the overall cost down.

A report published in Digitimes suggests the display panels for the new phones
will be developed by screen companies Japan Display and LG Display. The iPhone
6C and iPhone 6S Plus screens will have added input from Sharp.

Rather than feature the long-rumoured sapphire crystal screen, the new phones
are believed to stick with Corning's Gorilla Glass display.

However, the displays are likely to be more sensitive than ever before and
incorporate new technology that Apple has developed for the Apple Watch and new
Macbook.

It is believed the new iPhone models could support the equivalent of the
Macbook's "force click" feature - where a harder press results in a different
action.

"Apple plans to add sensors to detect how hard a user is pressing on a screen to
its next iPhones, incorporating a technology used in its forthcoming MacBook and
Apple Watch, according to people familiar with the matter," reported the Wall
Street Journal. All three new phones are likely to be revealed in September,
which is historically when Apple chooses to reveal its latest handsets.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 29, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

More than 13 Million iPhones 6s and 6s Plus Sold during First Weekend

BYLINE: Peter Jenkins

LENGTH: 299  words


Apple has set record for its marquee product by selling more than 13 million
iPhone 6s and 6s Pluses during their first weekend of availability in 12
markets. Though, the Company sales crossed expectations from many analysts of 12
million, about 1% drop in the shares of the Company has been reported.

Not only iPhone 6s and 6s pluses, iPhone 6 had also set the previous record of
10 million unit sales in its first weekend. Apple was virtually assured to set a
first-weekend record for iPhone sales with the inclusion of China, said
analysts. But, some analysts said that the sale of 6s helped the Company to lift
its iPhone sales this year when compared with 2014.

I am impressed to see Apple's ability to attract consumer interest in a device
with very slight improvements over the iPhone 6, said Analyst Shannon Cross of
Cross Research. John Jackson, IDC analyst, said "Topping what the iPhone 6
achieved looks like a tall order, even for Apple, with its history of outdoing
itself".

Daniel Ives, FBR Capital Markets analyst, estimated that Apple sold more than 2
million iPhones in China over the weekend. He also appreciates Apple's upgrade
program which allows users to receive a new iPhone each year on monthly
installments of just $32. As per the latest statement by the Company, the new
iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional countries starting Oct. 9.

The new iPhones have been featured with improved cameras and a display
technology called 3D Touch. The Company depends mainly on sales of its iPhones,
which generated nearly two-thirds of its revenue in the latest quarter.

Business: Technology (http://nycity.today/business/technology)Company: Apple
(http://nycity.today/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

New iPhone for $5 per month under T-Mobile iPhone 6s Deals

BYLINE: Valerie Rogers

LENGTH: 247  words


T-Mobile has made an announcement that it is going to take a new initiative to
sell Apple's latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones for just $5 per month in
case customers trade in eligible late-model smartphones.

Previously in September, T-Mobile declared a special $20 per month rate for a
year and 6 months for a 16GB iPhone 6s via the Jump On Demand program of the
company, with zero down.

But, now T-Mobile is about to bring down its prices even more, with a rate of $5
a month if a customer trades in a working and intact Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus,
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5
smartphone. For the deal no down payment is needed.

As a part of the new promotion, in case customers trade in an iPhone 5s or a
Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone on a 16GB iPhone 6s, they will
have to pay $10 per month for 18 months. If customers trade in almost any other
mobile set, the rate will be $15 per month.

Besides this, T-Mobile customers can also get larger capacity iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus models under the lower-priced Jump On Demand offerings.

A 128GB iPhone 6s will be sold for $199.99 down and $3 per month along with a
trade-in of an Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+,
Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5 smartphone. It can be done for $8 per month
with the trade of an iPhone 5s or a Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5
smartphone. The rate would be $13 a month on the trade of almost any other
phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Jena Times (Louisiana)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 23, 2015

Whats new in iPhone 6S and iPhoneS Plus

BYLINE: The Jena Times staff

LENGTH: 531  words


Tech Notes 101

Is it time to upgrade to the iPhone 6S or iPhones 6S Plus? Besides faster
computing, better insides, better battery life, and bigger screens, the focus
seems to be on the camera.

The new camera is a 12-megapixel camera with a new feature called Live Photo.
Live Photo captures the photo not only in the moment, but the moment before and
after. This is useful if someone blinks, or moves. By placing your finger on the
photo, you may see the moment before or after the shutter click, and choose the
photo you prefer.

The disadvantage is, the Live Photo is only sharable among other Apple users
running the iOS 9 update, or Mac users running El Capitan. The original photo is
sharable among other users as a standard JPEG.

Optical Image Stabilization is now available on the iPhone 6S, and 6S Plus. This
means your phone senses and compensates for the shaking of your hand with image
processing as well as movements of the camera lens. The result is clearer
pictures, even in low light situations.

The video camera now can shoot 4K video which is four times higher the HD video.

Selfies are better because the front facing camera has been upgraded to a 5
megapixel image.

The new iMovie allows you to edit two movie streams at the same time, and have
effects such as a picture inside another picture, and a split screen as well.

Hard press on the camera icon and take a seine, or a video. Hard press on
Facebook allows you to change your status. This feature is referred to as 3D
Touch. Use 3D touch on Apple maps to jump to turn by turn directions, or add
music to your Apple Playlist.

3D Touch in your e-mail, called Peek and

Pop allows you to peek at your message. If you wish to read the message, keep
pressing and it will pop open.

3D Touch in Safari allows you to peek at a website link received in an e-mail
without opening it. Again, if you wish to open it, keep pressing. A new color,
Rose Gold, has been added to the list of colors.

A new metal called 7000 Series aluminum makes the iPhone stronger than ever. The
glass has been upgraded also, so the phone is stronger than the previous models.
More drop resistant.

Touch ID now includes third-party integration.

Apple Pay now includes NFC, Near Field Communication. This feature allows users
to pay for purchases at thousands of retail stores using your fingerprint.

VoLTE, voice over LTE, support makes calls over cell networks more clear. Wi-Fi
calls when cell calls are not available has been added. Be sure to check with
your carrier on this one. Not all carriers allow this.

The 16GB iPhone 6S will cost you $199.00, and the iPhone 6S Plus will cost your
$299.00. What is the $100.00 difference? The screen is bigger, and according to
the experts, it has a noticeably higher pixel density than the iPhone 6S.

Apple has introduced an Apple Upgrade Program, which provides a new iPhone every
year with your choice of carrier, and Apple Care coverage starting at $32.00 per
month.

The new smarter than ever smart phone goes on the market September 25th. If you
are a camera bug, or like the latest greatest gadget on the market, the iPhone
6S or iPhone 6S Plus for you.

Questions, or comments? Contact Lucy at technotes101@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JEN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Jena Times


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Revolutionary new Force Touch for iPhone 6S? Sorry, Android got there first;
Apple's new Force Touch technology, expected to ship in their new iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus today, has been around longer than you think.

BYLINE: Aditya Shenoy

LENGTH: 359  words


Apple's new Force Touch technology, expected to ship in their new iPhone 6S and
iPhone 6S Plus today, has been around longer than you think.

The Apple event has been scheduled in September every year and this year it is
on schedule as usual. Apple is considered  a pioneer in the smartphone industry
as it has introduced a lot of firsts in the segment. They have heavily
influenced the course of progress for a mobile device and, at the event
tomorrow, they are expected to unveil something revolutionary. Right?

The whole world has their eyes set on the Cupertino company to release the next
lineup of smartphones. Apple launched two phones last year, the iPhone 6 and the
iPhone 6 Plus and tomorrow they plan to launch the Apple iPhone 6S and the Apple
iPhone 6S Plus. The devices are rumoured to sport Force Touch Display, a
technology that Apple first showcased with the Apple Watch. The main motive
behind the Force Touch display was to introduce a new method for the user to
interact with the device.

What is Force Touch? Force Touch is a feature developed by Apple that senses
pressure applied on a screen or touchpad and responds accordingly. The
technology first debuted on the 2015 Apple MacBook, followed by the Apple Watch,
and the next generation of iPhone is also expected to sport the same. Force
Touch uses tiny electrodes around the flexible Retina Display to distinguish
between a light tap and a hard press. And some might think this is revolutionary
but guess what?

Android has had this nifty little feature since November 2009! It dates back to
Android Eclair 2.0 and the feature was introduced in the Level 5 API.  A
developer even made an app that uses this API and shows how Force Touch works on
Android. The app is very crude but demonstrates how Android does record pressure
exerted on the touchscreen. We've got screenshots below from our tests on a
Nexus 5. You can try out the app called Force Touch Demo yourself, but don't put
a whole lot of pressure on the touchscreen else you may end up cracking it.

Aditya Shenoy is a technology enthusiast and the Deputy Editor at Pricebaba.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cairns Post (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                 Cairns Edition

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 239  words


Hold the iPhone 6S (11.9cm screen) and 6s Plus (14cm screen) in your hand and
the mantra about looking beyond face value comes to mind. But start using the
phone and you can see some differences.

Apple has thrown out the label Force Touch and now calls it 3D Touch. The clever
combination of software and hardware means the device can sense the amount of
force you use in a touch and offer a variety of options in response. 3D Touch
and the "quick look" feature Apple is calling "peek-and-pop" could come with a
similar explainer.

Press a bit and you "peek" at a pop-up of information. Press a little harder and
you "pop" through to the next level of information or to a particular feature
within an app.

The 6s/6s Plus rear camera is now a 12 megapixel camera.The front camera goes
from 1.5 megapixels to 5 megapixels and now has a flash. It is the first iPhone
that can shoot and edit 4K video. It is also made out of a tougher grade of
aluminium and has a tougher glass screen.

It will run iOS 9, the new operating system available as a free update for
download on older Apple devices on September 16. And it will be faster - there
will be a faster chip and faster wi-fi. The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus is available
for preorder from tomorrow and will be available on September 25. Prices: iPhone
6S: $1079 for 16Gb model; $1229 for 64Gb, and $1370 for 127Gb. iPhone 6s Plus:
$1229 for 16GB model, $1379 for the 64GB model and $1529 for 128Gb.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Cairns Post


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 12:14 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 12:14 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     March 30, 2016 Wednesday 11:22 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs ahead of the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     March 30, 2016 Wednesday 11:08 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs for the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     March 30, 2016 Wednesday 11:22 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs ahead of the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     March 30, 2016 Wednesday 11:08 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs for the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 988 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 9:22 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's iPhone SE - successor to the
popular 4-inch iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 518 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Read more: iPhone SE launch event RECAP: Apple reveals 'budget' iPhone, a new
iPad Pro and Apple Watch discount

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 9:22 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's iPhone SE - successor to the
popular 4-inch iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 518 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Read more: iPhone SE launch event RECAP: Apple reveals 'budget' iPhone, a new
iPad Pro and Apple Watch discount

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 30, 2016 Wednesday 6:46 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs ahead of the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 998 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

'Incredible array' of technologies added to the iPhone SE

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 30, 2016 Wednesday 6:46 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs ahead of the launch of Apple's latest
device;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 998 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California on 21 March - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched on Monday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company decided
to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

Read more: Apple's MUCH CHEAPER new iPhone has the power of an iPhone 6s and the
price of a 5s

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

If you prefer to buy your phone on contract, there are a number of deals
available from UK operators including Virgin Media, O2, Vodafone, EE, Three and
Giffgaff.

Read more: Best iPhone SE contract deals in UK as Apple's new phone goes up for
pre-order

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

'Incredible array' of technologies added to the iPhone SE

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday

New iPhone launch breaking all records

SECTION: SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 330 words


APPLE said yesterday it had sold 13 million of its new iPhones over the weekend,
in a record-breaking launch for the latest model of its iconic smartphone.
  The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine
markets, including China, on Friday.


 The company said the devices would be available in 40 additional markets from
October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.
  "Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said chief executive
Tim Cook.
  The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last
version, with new technologies under the hood.
  One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to the level
of pressure exerted on the screen, allowing users to apply light pressure to
peek at messages and applications, and to press a little deeper to open them.
  The 6S has the 12cm display of its predecessor and the 6S Plus - which updates
one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet category" - has the same 165cm
screen.
  But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved
graphics, harder glass and a new aluminium body. Pricing will be kept at the
same levels as the earlier versions.
  Analysts at IHS Technology project said Apple would ship 236 million iPhones
this year, up 22% from a year ago.
  IHS analyst Ian Fogg said, "For its next model, Apple is going to have to find
a way to reinvent the iPhone, and it is hard to find something that is radically
new."
 Apple's new phone also features upgraded operating system iOS 9, which the
company says offers "more intelligence" while taking up less space.
  Apple said that it would roll out the new devices in the coming weeks and that
they would be available in 130 countries by the end of the year. - AFP
 GROWTH: The various models of iPhone sold over the weekend worldwide, from the
iPhone 4 to the just-launched iPhone 6 and 6S

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2015 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 21, 2015 Friday 01:49 PM EST

iPhone 6s: Say goodbye to bendgate

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 310  words


Click for image

In what's become something of a head-scratching tradition, Apple's iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch last year was accompanied by a completely overblown scandal
known as 'bendgate.'

If you recall, news stories alleging that the iPhone 6 was prone to bending
seemingly sprouted up out of nowhere last year. And while the story certainly
generated its fair share of press online, the number of actual reported cases of
people bending their iPhones was so small as to be wholly insignificant. But as
tends to be the case, whenever a news story puts Apple in a negative light, the
tech press can't help but run with it and proclaim that Apple has lost its mojo.

In a statement addressing the scandal that truly wasn't, Apple last September
said the following:

Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy. iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature a precision engineered unibody
enclosure constructed from machining a custom grade of 6000 series anodized
aluminum, which is tempered for extra strength.

Apple also added that during the first six days of availability, the company
only received 9 complaints regarding bent iPhone models.

Well, with the iPhone 6s launch looming, it appears that Apple has taken steps
to reduce that number to zero.

For starters, we've already seen rumors that Apple with the iPhone 6s has opted
to use 7000 Series aluminum, resulting in a more sturdy construction than what
we saw with the iPhone 6. Simply put, even trying to bend the iPhone 6s on
purpose may be an exercise in futility.

Highlighting this, a recent video purporting to showcase an iPhone 6s metal
casing being put to the test demonstrates just how sturdy Apple's next-gen
iPhone will be. I suppose now the question becomes -- what type of overblown
scandal will we see once the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch this September.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     September 21, 2015 Monday 03:02 PM EST

Initial supply of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are already sold out

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 269  words


Click for image

With just days to go before the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus go on sale, both models
are currently sold out on Apple's official website. This of course shouldn't
come as too much of a surprise for two reasons. First, each successive iPhone
model has historically performed better than the model before it. Second, Apple
noted last week that first-weekend sales of its new iPhone models are on pace to
break the 10 million unit record Apple set last year with the iPhone 6 launch.

Set to go on sale this Friday, the iPhone 6s is a compelling upgrade in every
regard. While 'S' upgrades in the refresh cycle may be viewed as incremental in
nature, Apple managed to pack a number of intriguing features into the 6s. Of
course, the most intriguing new feature prospective iPhone users can look
forward to is 3D Touch, a technology which enables the iPhone to detect varying
levels of pressure on the screen.

Other noteworthy features include a 4K camera, an improved rear-facing 12
megapixel camera, improved Touch ID and more.

Come Monday morning, it's a safe bet that Apple will issue a press release
announcing a new iPhone sales record.

As a final point, and speaking to the pent up demand for the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus, customers in China, Hong Kong, Japan, Oregon, Delaware, New Hampshire, and
Alaska can only purchase the device via a reservation. The aforementioned four
states are singled out because they don't have any statewide sales tax.
Consequently, Apple is trying to prevent enterprising individuals from buying
iPhones in bulk there and then selling them for profit to individuals in other
states.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Newest iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 344 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according to
four . 52,000 and ' large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched

n 2014, making an upgrade more attrac ive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a ot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about ' . 62,000-.
. 8,000' 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone

6 and 6 Plus. The models were ' . 14,000. 16,000 costlier than those available
in ' the US, Middle East and Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be
hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at . 24,999, almost half its September
price.'

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:31 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 566 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:29 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 566 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:31 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 566 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:29 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 566 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

New iPhones make official debut here '

LENGTH: 382 words


Customers form long lines to buy the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, at KT Olleh
Square in Gwanghwamun, central Seoul, Friday morning when the new Apple handsets
officially debuted here. / YonhapBy Lee Min-hyung

The much-hyped new iPhones have officially debuted in Korea, with hundreds of
avid fans forming long lines at some major retail stores to be the first to have
one.

The nation's three major mobile carriers said Friday they have launched the
iPhone 6S and iPhones 6S Plus through their retail stores.

Office worker Oh Won-taek, 29, was the first to grab an iPhone 6S, at Frisbee, a
certified Apple reseller, in Myeongdong, central Seoul.

'I came on Thursday at 8 a.m. to use the device for the first time in the
nation,' he said after receiving an iPhone 6S.

The top-three telcos - SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus - held special events to
celebrate the official release of the devices, aiming to attract more customers.

SK Telecom said it held a special lottery for the first 100 subscribers.

The iPhone 6S is available from 869,000 won ($796), based on storage capacity,
while the iPhone 6S Plus starts at 999,000 won.

The release came about a month after the phones went on sale in the United
States. But Korea was excluded from the first wave of launch countries.

On Monday, the three carriers started receiving orders for the devices. Backed
by Apple's strong fan base here, orders sold out in 10 minutes.

Orders were scheduled to start from Oct. 16, but were delayed. This sparked
speculation that the Korea Communications Commission, the nation's telecom
watchdog, advised carriers not to take orders during the weekend over concerns
of overheated market competition. Before the government enacted subsidy cap laws
in October last year, carriers had often offered illegal subsidies to lure
customers from rivals.

To gain an upper hand in the high-end handset markets, Samsung Electronics and
LG Electronics reduced the price of their flagship models early this month.
Samsung's Galaxy S6 smartphone was priced at 858,000 won, but the company
lowered it to 779,900 won a week before the start of iPhone orders.

On Oct. 1, LG Electronics launched its new flagship model, the V10, at a
relatively cheap 799,700 won, which analysts said was a move to gain ground
against rivals, including the iPhone 6S.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

Vodafone India rolls out RED 1299 worry-free plan for iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 205 words


NEW DELHI: Vodafone India, the country's second largest telecom service
provider, Friday said that it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, beginning
on Friday, October 16, 2015. The company has also announced its data and calling
plan for Apple iPhones with benefits worth Rs 8,885.

Existing or new Vodafone India customers can buy a new iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s
Plus and get a fully built Vodafone RED 1299 worry-free plan free for six months
from the time of purchase.

The Vodafone RED 1299 monthly plan includes 3GB mobile internet quota, 4000 free
Local and STD minutes and 1500 local and national SMS.

Charges above plan limits will be 50p/MB for data usage, 50p/SMS and 50p/min for
voice calls. The company said that roaming, International calling and VAS
charges will be extra as applicable.

Vodafone said that all customers on the RED 1299 plan will get access to a
relationship manager and get priority access at the Vodafone stores. In
addition, customers can add family members and devices. The usage can be pooled
and shared among them.

Vodafone customers can pre-order the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus starting
today on www.vodafone.in or Vodafone's official onoine partner Amazon.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Orders for new iPhones on record pace: Apple

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 302 words


Apple said Monday that pre-orders for its new iPhones set for release this month
are on a pace to top last year's record for new handsets.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said in an
emailed statement.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when
the new iPhones go on sale September 25."

The statement said online orders have been "exceptionally strong and exceeded
our own forecasts for the preorder period."

The company added: "We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will
have iPhone 6s Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores
when they open next Friday."

Apple last week unveiled the new iPhone models, along with overhauled Apple TV
hardware and iPad Pro tablets with enlarged screens, at a media event in San
Francisco.

The California tech giant is seeking to build on the success of large-screen
handsets introduced last year that have dominated the high-end smartphone
market.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the previous
versions, but with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus -- which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" -- has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body.

Pricing will be kept at the same levels as the earlier versions, but Apple is
allowing consumers to buy unlocked devices on installment.

rl/jm

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Apple to launch three iPhones this year: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


NEW DELHI: Apple usually releases its flagship smartphone(s) in fall
(September-October), however, thanks to leaks and rumours we get some idea about
the upcoming devices way before the launch.

It's only March but we're already seeing the rumour mill churn out news related
to this year's iPhone(s).

According to a report by Digitimes, Apple will launch three different iPhones -
iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and a 4-inch screen-equipped device which is currently
being referred to as iPhone 6C. The report cites industry insiders as the source
to inform that Apple is likely to partner Wistron to assemble the iPhone 6C
while the 6S phones will be made by Foxconn and Pegatron.

The report mentions that all phones will feature LTPS panels. Japan Display,
Sharp and LG Display will supply panels for iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone 6C while
the iPhone 6S panels will be sourced from Japan Display and LG.

Further, it adds that the phones will come with Corning Gorilla Glass, the
iPhone 6S/6S Plus will be powered by Apple's new A9 chips and the iPhone 6C will
feature the A8 chip. All new iPhones will have NFC connectivity and fingerprint
scanning capability.

Apple may also use new camera technology embedding an advanced three-sensor
based camera module within the iPhone. The company was recently granted a patent
for a "Digital camera with light splitter."

According to another report citing supply chain sources by Taiwanese website
UDN, Apple will use a two-lens system in the camera of the next-generation
iPhone. The dual lens setup will help the iPhone capture more light, resulting
in better photos. It will also add optical zoom capability to the camera, which
also gives better photos compared to cameras with digital zoom.

The report also said that Apple will use its Force Touch technology in the
upcoming iPhones. This technology, already being used in Apple Watch, will allow
the touchscreen distinguish between light taps and long presses, thus allowing
the users to interact with their iPhones in several new ways. Moreover, the
touch sensors said to be used in the new iPhones can determine the users' blood
pressure and pulse more accurately.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Apple to launch three iPhones this year: Report

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


NEW DELHI: Apple usually releases its flagship smartphone(s) in fall
(September-October), however, thanks to leaks and rumours we get some idea about
the upcoming devices way before the launch.

It's only March but we're already seeing the rumour mill churn out news related
to this year's iPhone(s).

According to a report by Digitimes, Apple will launch three different iPhones -
iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and a 4-inch screen-equipped device which is currently
being referred to as iPhone 6C. The report cites industry insiders as the source
to inform that Apple is likely to partner Wistron to assemble the iPhone 6C
while the 6S phones will be made by Foxconn and Pegatron.

The report mentions that all phones will feature LTPS panels. Japan Display,
Sharp and LG Display will supply panels for iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone 6C while
the iPhone 6S panels will be sourced from Japan Display and LG.

Further, it adds that the phones will come with Corning Gorilla Glass, the
iPhone 6S/6S Plus will be powered by Apple's new A9 chips and the iPhone 6C will
feature the A8 chip. All new iPhones will have NFC connectivity and fingerprint
scanning capability.

Apple may also use new camera technology embedding an advanced three-sensor
based camera module within the iPhone. The company was recently granted a patent
for a "Digital camera with light splitter."

According to another report citing supply chain sources by Taiwanese website
UDN, Apple will use a two-lens system in the camera of the next-generation
iPhone. The dual lens setup will help the iPhone capture more light, resulting
in better photos. It will also add optical zoom capability to the camera, which
also gives better photos compared to cameras with digital zoom.

The report also said that Apple will use its Force Touch technology in the
upcoming iPhones. This technology, already being used in Apple Watch, will allow
the touchscreen distinguish between light taps and long presses, thus allowing
the users to interact with their iPhones in several new ways. Moreover, the
touch sensors said to be used in the new iPhones can determine the users' blood
pressure and pulse more accurately.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:43 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:43 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:43 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:43 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 575 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Apple goes small to get bigger;
The new 4-inch iPhone SE and 9.7-inch iPad Pro are seen as drivers of upgrade
cycle

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In Cupertino (California)

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 1912 words


As expected, an Apple event last week proved to be a low-key affair, with the
tech giant announcing "only" the new 4-inch iPhone SE and smaller 9.7-inch iPad
Pro.

While both were not unexpected, they are powerful products at attractive price
points, said tech research firm Cowen and Co's managing director, Mr Timothy
Arcuri.

The iPhone SE (price starts from $658) is basically an iPhone 5s souped up with
iPhone 6s' technologies, while the 9.7-inch iPad Pro (starts from $898) is like
the original iPad Pro but in a smaller form factor.

"The announcements demonstrate Apple's ability to successfully manage its
product portfolio," said Mr Thomas Husson, vice-president of research company
Forrester.

"The new compact iPhone, with the powerful features of the iPhone 6s at a more
affordable price, should help Apple hit its volume goals until the release of a
more disruptive new device to be launched a couple of months after its developer
conference in June," Mr Husson said.

The period between March and September is usually a lull for Apple, as consumers
wait for the next flagship iPhone to make its appearance in September.

Mr Jan Dawson, chief analyst of independent consulting firm Jackdaw Research,
told the New York Times that the lack of must-have new features in Apple's
recent products has hurt sales growth, as many customers decided that their
older models were good enough and postponed upgrades.

"In a way, you see both devices that Apple (launched on March 21) as drivers of
an upgrade cycle," Mr Dawson said.

For iPad Air user Tarin Teo, 25, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is an upgrade she has
been waiting for after skipping the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, which was too big to
carry around.

"Having a 9.7-inch iPad means I can put it in most of my handbags," said the
lifestyle reporter.

The Apple iPad Pro won Editor's Choice and Readers' Choice for Best Tablet in
this year's ST Digital Awards with its impressive 12.9-inch display and speedy
performance. Last week, Apple announced a smaller 9.7-inch model. I tested the
256GB version.

DESIGN

The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is essentially a downsized version of last year's iPad
Pro.

It has the same smooth aluminium solid unibody chassis and chamfered edges, and
exudes a similar premium feel.

Like its bigger cousin, it has four speakers - one at each of the four corners
of its chassis. During audio playback, the balance adjusts automatically to
provide a consistent audio output whenever you change the orientation of the
device.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $898 (32GB Wi-Fi) to $1,618 (256GB Wi-Fi + 4G, version tested),
available tomorrow.

OPERATING SYSTEM: iOS 9.3

PROCESSOR: A9X chip with 64-bit architecture, M9 motion co-processor

DISPLAY: 9.7 inches, 2,048 x 1,536 pixels

CAMERA: 12-megapixel rear camera, 5-megapixel front-facing camera

WEIGHT: 437g (Wi-Fi), 444g (Wi-Fi + 4G)

RATINGFEATURES: 5/5

DESIGN: 5/5

PERFORMANCE: 5/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 5/5

It measures 6.1mm thick, same as the iPad Air 2 and iPad mini 4, and 0.8mm
thinner than the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. At 444g (for the Wi-Fi + 4G model), it
weighs the same as the iPad Air 2, and is 279g lighter than its 12.9-inch
sibling.

Its svelteness makes it easier to handle, compared with the bigger iPad Pro. It
can also be slotted easily into the tablet compartment of laptop bags.

While I love big screens, I find the 9.7-inch screen a good size for a tablet.

PERFORMANCE

The 9.7-inch iPad Pro uses the same A9X chip as its bigger sibling. However, the
Geekbench 3 benchmark software shows some differences: The 9.7-inch's A9X chip
is a 2.26GHz unit with 1.92GB of system memory, while the 12.9-inch Pro has a
2.16GHz processor and 3.89GB of system memory.

In terms of Geekbench 3 scores, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro achieved 3,076 in the
single-core test and 5,291 in the multi-core test, losing out to the 12.9-inch's
scores of 3,236 (single-core) and 5,491 (multi-core). But it is way ahead of
iPad Air 2's scores of 1,812 (single-core) and 4,544 (multi-core).

But in real-life tests, I found no lag when editing 4K videos using iMovie, and
editing photos using Photoshop Express and Lightroom.

Graphic-intensive games, such as Infinity Blade III and Warhammer 40,000:
Freeblade, played smoothly and without lag as well. And the graphics looked
sharp and gorgeous.

DISPLAY

This iPad's 9.7-inch (2,048 x 1,536 pixels) screen is Apple's first True Tone
display. It uses four-channel sensors to automatically adjust the display's
white balance to match the ambient light around you, so you can get a more
natural and accurate view.

When inside a room lit by an incandescent bulb, the display automatically turns
to a more yellowish hue with True Tone activated. When True Tone is switched
off, the screen turns more bluish.

The display is further aided by the new Night Shift feature in iOS 9.3, which
uses the tablet's digital clock to automatically adjust the display's colours to
reduce blue light, which is known to hamper sleep.

The display is supposed to be 25 per cent brighter and 40 per cent less
reflective than that of the iPad Air 2. The difference in brightness was
apparent when I compared both side by side. However, you can still see yourself
on the screen.

It has the same wide colour gamut as the iMac with Retina 5K display. This makes
it easier for photographers or graphic designers to get their colours right when
they are editing their works on the iPad.

The only downer is that the display lacks the 3D Touch support found in the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

CAMERA

The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has the same rear 12-megapixel camera and 5-megapixel
front-facing camera found in iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. So, it shoots 4K videos and
Live Photos. Image quality is on a par with that of its iPhone 6s cousins.

The rear camera protrudes slightly, so the tablet does not lie flat, unless you
use a case.

While I am not a fan of using a tablet to take photos, I have found it useful to
take photos during meetings and briefings to capture presentation slides. The
new, better camera will certainly help in this aspect.

The front-facing camera has finally been upgraded. Friends and family will be
able to see you in full high-definition glory during FaceTime web chat. You can
also take good selfie shots with this tablet.

BATTERY

In our intensive battery test (looping a 720p video with Wi-Fi switched on and
the display at full brightness), it held on for 8hr 10min before the battery
went flat. The bigger Pro lasted 9hr 15min.

With my daily routine, which involves the occasional checking of e-mail and
browsing articles with News or FlipBoard apps, as well as reading a digital book
or magazine before sleep, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro needed to be charged only once
every two days.

ACCESSORIES

With the smaller iPad Pro, you need a smaller Smart Keyboard ($228).

The keyboard's magnetic strip has three metallic contacts that connect to the
Smart Connector on the side of the Pro. As it is a direct connection and draws
power from the iPad, you do not need to charge it or pair it using Bluetooth.
Simply connect and type away.

It has the same key layout as the bigger Smart Keyboard for the 12.9-inch iPad
Pro, with the same water- and stain-resistant woven fabric on top. However,
there is still no backlight and you can dock the iPad at only one angle - 45
degrees.

The keys are smaller and not as well spaced out as those on the bigger keyboard.
But typing on it was still relatively typo-free for me. You can also put the
keyboard on your lap and type without difficulty.

The 9.7-inch iPad Pro also supports the Apple Pencil stylus ($148). And it works
exactly - and as fluidly - as it did on the bigger Pro.

· Verdict: With its superb display, great performance and increased portability,
the 9.7-inch iPad Pro is the best iPad Apple has made.

DESIGN

The Apple iPhone SE looks just like the iPhone 5s, with the same 7.6mm-thick
aluminium body with chamfered edges.

In fact, you can use your old iPhone 5s cases on the iPhone SE.

But there are subtle physical differences. The edges are matte instead of shiny,
and the colour of rear Apple logo now matches the phone colour in stainless
steel.

Talking about colours, the iPhone SE is now available in rose gold (version
reviewed) in addition to the usual silver, space grey and gold.

TECH SPECSPRICE: $658 (16GB), $828 (64GB); all without contract, available
tomorrow

PROCESSOR: A9 with 64-bit architecture, M9 motion co-processor

OPERATING SYSTEM: iOS 9.3

SCREEN: 4-inch Retina display; 1,136 x 640 pixels

CAMERA: 12-megapixel rear camera, 1.2-megapixel front-facing camera

WEIGHT: 113g

RATINGFEATURES: 4/5

DESIGN: 4/5

PERFORMANCE: 4/5

BATTERY LIFE: 4/5

VALUE FOR MONEY: 4/5

OVERALL: 4/5

Button placement is also similar to the iPhone 5s, with round volume buttons on
the left-hand side and the power/wake button on the top right. This takes some
getting used to, as I have been using the iPhone 6 Plus and 6s Plus - where the
power/wake button is on the right side.

The iPhone SE uses the same 4-inch display as the iPhone 5s. It lacks the 3D
Touch support found in iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. As I've been used to a 5.5-inch
display for a time, the 4-inch display just looks so tiny now.

That said, one-hand texting is comfortable again. No more having to use another
hand to reach for that top corner icon. Putting it into - and getting it out
from - my front trouser pocket is easier.

PERFORMANCE

With its upgraded A9 processor, the iPhone SE is a speedy phone that is almost
on a par in performance with the iPhone 6s.

In the Geekbench 3 benchmark tests, it scored 2,546 (single-core) and 4,403
(multi-core). Those scores are similar to that of the iPhone 6s (2,535 -
single-core; 4,410 - multi-core). But the iPhone SE is around 2.5 times faster
than the iPhone 5s (1,081 - single core; 1,937 - multi-core).

Graphics-intensive games, such as Implosion and Warhammer 40,000: Freeblade,
played smoothly and without lag.

But I wish the display were bigger, as I find the virtual controls too small for
my fat fingers.

Also, the iPhone SE still uses the first-generation Touch ID and I found it to
be slower than my iPhone 6s Plus by around 0.5sec during unlocking.

CAMERA

The iPhone SE uses the same 12-megapixel rear camera as the iPhone 6s, with the
ability to shoot 4K videos and Live Photos. But the camera does not protrude

Like the iPhone 6s, the iPhone SE lacks the optical stabiliser of the 6s Plus.
In terms of picture quality, the iPhone SE is right up there with the iPhone 6s
Plus. Colours and skin tones look natural with great details.

Autofocusing is speedy and it snaps pictures and videos quickly. Those who have
been using the iPhone 5s will really sense the difference in speed and quality.

But the iPhone SE uses the same 1.2-megapixel front-facing camera of the iPhone
5s. So, selfie photos lack the details of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

BATTERY LIFE

In our intensive battery-life test where a 720p video is looped at full
brightness and full volume, and with Wi-Fi on, the iPhone SE lasted 6hr 42min.
In comparison, the iPhone 5s lasted 6hr 45min while my iPhone 6s Plus lasted 7hr
10min.

In normal use, the battery mileage varies. With my daily routine, which consists
of frequent checks of e-mail, messages, Facebook and Instagram updates, the
iPhone SE still has around 33 per cent battery life left before I go to bed.

· Verdict: The iPhone SE might be the most powerful cheapest iPhone to get. But
it is also the smallest one. Getting it depends on you preferring a small
display or not.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The 9.7-inch iPad Pro has a True Tone display, which adjusts
automatically to match the ambient light around the user for a more natural and
accurate view. The smaller iPad Pro can also be paired with a smaller Smart
Keyboard for easy typing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 595 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 10:02 AM GMT

iPhone 6s launch: What time do Apple stores in Eldon Square and Metrocentre
open?;
We've got all the details if you're hoping to be one of trhe first people in the
North East to get your hands on the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

BYLINE: By Simon Duke

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 210 words


It's the moment gadget fans have been waiting for - the new iPhone 6s will
launch on Friday morning and Apple stores in Newcastle's Eldon Square and
Gateshead's Metrocentre are bracing themselves for brisk trade.

Geordie shoppers have been quick off the mark in the past when it comes to new
Apple products, with ex-Newcastle United player Jonas Gutierrez joining the
queue for the launch of the iPad3 back in 2013.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold, silver, space grey and
the new rose gold metallic finish.

iPhone 6s will be available in the UK for a suggested retail price of £539 for
the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model and £699 for the 128GB model.

iPhone 6s Plus will be available for a suggested retail price of £619 for the
16GB model, £699 for the 64GB model and £789 for the 128GB model.

But the question is: when can you get your hands on one?

Apple stores in both intu Eldon Square and Metrocentre will open at 8am on
Friday, September 25 to allow customers to get their mitts on the new handsets.

Eldon Square will open its Newgate Street entrance at 6am to allow customers to
queue outside Apple. The store will be open until 8pm on Friday.

Metrocentre will open the Red Mall doors at 6am to do the same. The store will
close at 9pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

On Apple iPhone 6S, Airtel, Vodafone offer freebies of up to Rs 15,000

BYLINE: FE Bureau

LENGTH: 232  words


Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India, the country's two biggest mobile phone
operators are competing with each other with offers on the new Apple iPhone 6S
that is expected to go on sale from October 16.

Airtel, India's biggest cellular operator by users and revenue is offering
freebies worth Rs 15,000 with iPhone 6S and 6S Plus where customers get free 4G
data over 12 months. The company said the offer on these new iPhones will be
available at 235 of its retail stores across the country.

The offer comes barely a day after Vodafone India, the second biggest operator,
said it will offer the latest iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, on a bundled package, where
customers get free data and voice benefits worth Rs 8,885 for six months. The
free data and voice plan includes 3GB mobile internet, 4,000 free local and STD
minutes and 1,500 local and national SMS.

Going aggressive on sale of new iPhones, Bharti Airtel said 57 of its retail
stores will stay open all night so that customers can be among the first in
India to get their hands on the new devices.

"We are beyond thrilled to offer iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, two of the most
iconic developments in technology this year, at Bharti Airtel's 235 retail
stores across India. With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone
customers to enjoy a world-class experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini
Gopalan, Director, Consumer Business, Bharti Airtel.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                Chennai Edition

E-tailers may earn Rs 3k cr in iPhone sales

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 365 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the urn of India's e-tailing giants to
gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in domestic
revenues in excess of '6,000 crore for the US tech company. Apple plans to sell
more han 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it s expected to
happen through the online route. This will also reduce the chances of offline
retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit he shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between '
62,000 or the 16GB iPhone 6S and ' 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an in
eresting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S.

"Within six months of purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you
50% of its value and 40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal.

"We won't be offering discounts in the beginning and most of the competition
between e-tailers will take place on the basis of stock availability, delivery
on the day of launch and cashbacks."

Snapdeal has assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to
its prebooked customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15. Though Khara
did not reveal numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online
market

place is eyeing revenues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone
6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of ' 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. While Croma, one of
India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging '1,000 for pre-booking the
iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for '2,000.

Similarly , Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S
pre-bookings from Thursday night.A senior executive from the company said it
will offer a 30-day replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is
offering

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Cyprus Mail

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Apple fans brave Sydney rain as new iPhone 6s hit stores

LENGTH: 542 words


By Pauline Askin and Julia Love

The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with dozens of people - and
a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee product has left.

Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful
iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.

Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.

"I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two days
lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and use it
to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled robot.

"I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing."

Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days prior to
the release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales
were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.

Apple's flagship iPhones generated nearly two-thirds of the U.S. giant's revenue
in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, the iPhone is Apple's
best-selling device to date.

"The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.

After a dramatic redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen
and added mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements.

The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.

"Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because the
iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney.

"I've never seen anything like it, it's astounding. The camera craft has now
come up to story telling craft."

Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year.

Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.

"Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more competitive
versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in traditional regions,"
Moorhead wrote in an email.

"Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with their
new lines of phones."

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year contract
with a mobile service provider, go on sale on Friday in Australia, Canada,
China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore,
the United Kingdom and the United States.

Send to Kindle

The post Apple fans brave Sydney rain as new iPhone 6s hit stores appeared first
on Cyprus Mail.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/41/70/46/144317170584.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 70


               Copyright 2015 Cyprus Mail - Cyprus Mail Co. Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                     January 26, 2016 Tuesday 11:08 AM EST

Would Apple's rumored 4-inch 'iPhone 5se' be a premium or value-priced
smartphone?

BYLINE: Steven Max Patterson

SECTION: NEWSANALYSIS

LENGTH: 699  words


Click for image

Recent reports at 9to5Mac claim Apple plans to introduce a 4-inch iPhone 5se at
its event on March 14. Would an iPhone 5se replace the entry-level $450 iPhone
5s, or would it be a full-featured, full-priced member of the iPhone family?

Considering this rumored iPhone alongside what's selling, and in light of
Apple's product history, suggests the company would favor releasing a premium,
albeit smaller-sized, iPhone.

Let's start with the features that 9to5Mac has told us about:


     ·    Elegant, smooth rounded edges and form like the iPhone 6 and 6s.



     ·    Same color options as the 6s line: silver, space gray, gold, and rose
          gold.



     ·    Same 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel front camera as the
          iPhone 6.



     ·    Support for larger panoramas and autofocus for video recording.



     ·    Barometer for tracking elevation in the Health app.



     ·    An NFC chip for Apple Pay.



     ·    The A8 and M8 chips from the iPhone 6, or possibly the A9 with
          integrated M9 from the 6s.



     ·    Bluetooth 4.2, VoLTE, and 802.11ac Wi-Fi chips.



     ·    Live Photos



     ·    Always on Siri


What would iPhone 5se pricing look like?

The iPhone 5se could just be a refresh of the iPhone 5s with the smooth-rounded
design of the iPhone 6 and 6s, but priced at $450. Right now, Apple sells the
best iPhone, the 6s, for $650; the one-year-old iPhone 6 for $550; and the
two-year-old iPhone 5s for $450. An iPhone 5s refresh would position the new
phone as the value-priced bottom end.

The reported 5se features are identical to last year's iPhone 6, except for its
size. Repackaging the iPhone 6 into a 4-inch form factor would harmonize the
design of the new iPhone with the iPhone 6 and 6s. The iPhone 6 has moved very
far down the manufacturing learning curve, so an iPhone 5se could be priced
lower than the 5s and remain profitable, making it more competitive against
lower-priced Android phones.

The iPhone 5se will also fill the 4-inch screen size gap. For some people, a
small screen is a desirable feature. People with smaller hands need a smaller
phone for one-handed use. Others prefer a smaller phone that is easier to stow
in a pocket or purse.

How pre-owned iPhones could compete with lower-priced Android phones

A newly designed, low-cost iPhone doesn't ring true with Apple's history. Apple
experimented and failed with the value-priced iPhone 5c, which its loyal fans
seemed to regard as "not really an iPhone."

Apple does, however, need a lower-cost iPhone option to compete with the
lower-cost Android phones that are often available at a 40% discount to the
iPhone. BMW and Mercedes wouldn't compete with low-cost imports by building a
value-priced Chevy.

Instead, Apple could match less-expensive Android alternatives with
lower-priced, refurbished iPhone 6s phones that it gets in return from customers
who signed up for its new one-year upgrade plan. It could be similar to the BMW
or Mercedes certified pre-owned automobile program.

One-year iPhone upgrade plan could be key

The introduction of one-year upgrade program would make this kind of approach
work brilliantly. During the first year, the consumer pays $324, half the retail
cost of the iPhone 6s. The reconditioned returns could be resold for $450, $200
less than the newest iPhone.

Apple will effortlessly sell millions units of the iPhone 7, when it eventually
releases it, to customers who have signed up for it sight unseen, through the
one-year upgrade plan. Apple will simply notify them to roll-over to another
two-year installment-purchase agreement and renew the one-year upgrade option,
giving them the choice of shipment or pick-up at an Apple store.

Why Apple may announce a full-priced iPhone 6se in March

A couple of small tweaks to the features that 9to5Mac reported paints an
entirely different picture, though.

If Apple designed the iPhone 5se with an A9 processor, a fingerprint sensor, the
12-megapixel 1.22µ pixel camera, and 3D Touch (all from the iPhone 6s), it could
offer the new, 4-inch phone that it could sell at full-price. It might more
aptly be called the iPhone 6se instead of 5se.

Introducing an entry-level, low-priced phone cuts across Apple's grain. The real
need for an entry-level iPhone will be met with discounted new production of
older models and certified pre-owned iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much are the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 22, 2016 Tuesday

Apple states that iPhone SE has a better battery life than iPhone 6s: Let us see

LENGTH: 282  words


By tbreak Staff -

After announcing iPhone SE, it did not take long for Apple to upload the amount
of battery the phone would be able to deliver depending on the kind of activity
you are engaged in. Turns out that the smartphone ended up delivering more
battery life compared than iPhone 6s, suggesting that if you are into smaller
screen iPhones and want more battery life, then this is definitely the device
for you.

Also, keep in mind that this is the most cheapest and more powerful 4 inch
iPhone to be released from Apple, so not only will you experience better battery
life according to the company, but experience the same level of performance
exhibited by iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

The pricing details of iPhone SE have been listed below, along with a detailed
list of the number of hours that iPhone 6s and the 4 inch smartphone would be
able to deliver depending on the kind of activity you happen to be engaged in.

During the announcement of the device, it was also stated that it has a 12MP
rear camera sensor that is able to record 4K video. For selfie loves, the
brightness of the screen increases to three times the original state in order to
improve the image quality. Apple has stated that an LED flash would give away
the quality of the picture, so the best way to make selfie stand out was to
implement this feature.

According to Apple, iPhone SE orders will commence from March 24, and it will be
available to purchase from March 31. Naturally, it will take time for the
smartphone to be shipped to various parts of the globe, but if you do not have
sufficient funds to purchase an iPhone 6s or an iPhone 6s Plus and if you simply
love iOS, this should be your next smartphone.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any
cheaper?;
As the 16GB model is not any longer available, the cheapest option is now more
expensive, costing £599

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 388 words


Apple has finally revealed its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus , the firm's first
smartphone to boast both water and dust resistance .

Unveiled during the firm's hotly-awaited launch event in San Francisco today,
the new iPhone doesn't look too different to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus devices, sporting the same aluminium design and rounded edges - but this
time without the iconic antenna lines.

As with the iPhone 6 and 6S, both new iPhone devices come with different storage
options. This year, Apple have doubled the capacities available when the device
launches. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will therefore be available in 32GB,
128GB or 256GB capacities.

Apple said during its keynote that it has kept the prices of its new smartphones
the same as the iPhone 6S when it launched last year for their respective
storage options. However, because the 16GB is not available any longer, this
means the cheapest option is now more expensive.

In the UK, Apple said the iPhone 7 will be available from a starting price of
£599 for the cheapest 32GB option.

The 128GB version is £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping
£799.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at£819,
and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919.

Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will come in the usual Black, Gold, Silver,
Rose Gold colour options, alongside a new black called simply "Jet Black", which
is much darker than previous black models. They will be available to pre-order
from 9 September before they start shipping on 16 September in the UK.

You can pre-order via the Apple store from now.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple has slashed the price of its iPhone 6S models after the
launch of the iPhone 7.

Apple has taken £100 off its previous generation smartphones, so it's very
possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from around £499, with the first
iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:24 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 595 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:24 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 595 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours were building for months suggesting Apple was developing
a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 597 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 598 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired:  "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: "  If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times:  "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica:  "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal:  "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME:  "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes:  Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge:  "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization
means that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone
6S, the iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 13, 2016 Tuesday 4:09 PM GMT

iPhone 7 review roundup: What does the tech press think of Apple's latest
smartphone?;
The first batch of iPhone 7 reviews have hit the internet and we've rounded up
the opinions to see if Apple's new phone can please the critics

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 607 words


Apple's iPhone 7 will hit the shelves later this week and some of the tech
industry press has already got its hands on the new device.

Today - mere hours before iOS 10 is made available to download - the reviews of
the iPhone 7 started to go live.

Predictably, many of them focus on the most controversial aspect of the new
phone; the loss of the 3.5mm analogue headphone jack.

iPhone 7 goes on sale in the UK - but where are all the queues?

But the omission doesn't appear to have derailed the phone's positive aspects as
review scores remain high - just as they were for last year's iPhone 6s .

Worried about losing your expensive AirPods? This handy connecting wire promises
to keep them safe

We've picked up some of the thoughts of the reviewers here, and broken them down
across the iPhone 7's different features. So you can get an overall picture of
what the experts are saying about the new blower.

Along with dropping the headphone jack, Apple also introduced a new colour, the
easily-scratchable "jet black" and waterproofing. Here's what some reviewers had
to say:

Wired: "I'm happy to trade both headphone jack and home button to get a
water-resistant phone."

Engadget: " If you're looking for newfangled features (or a headphone jack, for
that matter), you'll have to search elsewhere. While it's not thrilling enough
to warrant an upgrade from last year's 6s, the iPhone 7 is nonetheless an
excellent smartphone."

Finally! Scientists create 'unbreakable' mobile phone screen

Apple doubled up the processing power of the new iPhone and promised better
visuals as well as more efficiency. Reviewers generally applauded the new jump
in performance.

New York Times: "The most compelling improvement on the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is
the sharp speed increase. Spurred by faster chips, everything - switching
between apps, opening the camera - feels snappier."

Ars Technica: "The iPhone 7 usually outperforms the iPhone 6S by 30 or 40
percent, so that 27 percent clock speed jump is responsible for most but not all
of those gains."

iOS 10 update: Three reasons to download Apple's new operating system - and
three reasons not to

Apple claims the battery life of the iPhone 7 will go for around two hours
longer than last year's iPhone 6s .

Given that battery life is one of the main requirements when buying a phone,
here's what the reviewers think about Apple's effort.

Wall Street Journal: "In my punishing lab tests, the iPhone 7 lasted 10-and-1/2
hours. The 7 Plus (which has a bigger battery, but also a bigger screen to
light) lasted about 10 hours. Both of these were about an hour-and-1/2 longer
than a fresh iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and two-and-1/4 hours longer than a 6s that
has been in use for a year."

TIME: "The iPhone 7 provided a full work day's worth of use and survived until
around 10:30 am the next morning, which falls about in line with Apple's
claims."

Siri may soon be able to breathe, do impressions and inject emotion into speech

Apple touted big camera improvements this time around and even introduced a
two-lens setup on the iPhone 7 Plus. Here are the verdicts:

Forbes: Apple has work to do to catch current smartphone camera kind Samsung,
but the iPhone 7 Plus looks capable of retaking the crown.

The Verge: "In low light, that faster lens and optical image stabilization means
that the 7 significantly outperforms the 6S. But compared to the iPhone 6S, the
iPhone 7 is a step improvement, not a major leap."

Instagram will automatically stop trolls posting nasty comments on your photos

So, with all that taken into account, stay tuned for our own review of the
iPhone 7 coming soon. In the meantime, what do you think of the iPhone 7?

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6s release date and prices - when can you get your hands on Apple's
latest gadget?;
The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been revealed - but when can you get your
hands on them?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 367 words


Apple revealed the latest version of the iPhone in front of 7,000 people in San
Francisco last night.

As expected, the world's biggest tech company delivered an 'S' version of its
two current smartphones: the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The two new gadgets will keep the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch sizes of last
year's phones, Apple has added some extra features and improved the performance.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Along with a better camera, new pressure-sensitive display and a brand new
display, Apple also revealed how much it'll cost and when you can get it.

See our round up of the 4 cheapest ways to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus will be available to pre-order from
September 12 at 8.01am. Not long to wait, then.

The actual phones will be released just under a fortnight later on September 25,
2015.

And, if you were under any illusions about how popular this gadget is likely to
be, it turns out people are ALREADY queuing up to be the first to get hold of
one.

Apple has kept the pricing the same as it was for your last year's phones. Which
is to say: they aren't cheap.

The 16GB SIM-free version of the iPhone 6s will set you back £539. The SIM-free
64GB version costs £619 while the SIM-free 128GB is a whopping £699.

That increases if you decide to go for the larger iPhone 6s Plus, which starts
with a SIM-free price of £619 for the 16GB version.

The SIM-free 64GB model is £699 and the top-tier SIM-free 128GB iPhone 6s Plus
costs £789.

The new blower has made improvements to the screen with a new '3D Touch'
feature.

It will register varying levels of pressure, and respond differently depending
on how hard you press it.

Apple has also increased the quality of the camera on the back of the phones to
12-megapixels, improving on the 8-megapixels of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

As well as taking better pictures, the new iPhones will be able to shoot video
in 4K quality - which is four times as detailed as regular high definition
video.

There's also more power thanks to a brand new processor it calls the A9.

It's 70% faster than iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tasks, or 90% on graphics.

Will you be queuing up to buy the new iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      February 5, 2016 Friday 7:17 PM GMT

Apple's next iPhone could launch as soon as March - but it might not be the
phone you're expecting;
Apple's next iPhone will be unveiled next month, according to rumours, but it
won't be the iPhone 7

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 371 words


Apple's next iPhone will launch next month, according to a new report, but it
may not be the phone you're expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Now a report in 9to5Mac claims that the new iPhone will be unveiled at an event
on Tuesday March 15, alongside the iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7 , this is NOT
that phone. This is what many are expecting to be called the iPhone 5se .

The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the usual
schedule.

Confusing right? Here's what we know so far about the iPhone 5se.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Leaked photos suggest that it will take design queues from the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus - , with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint reader .

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                               May 1, 2016 Sunday

Review: Apple iPhoneSE

LENGTH: 737 words


by Faisal Mohammed Naim faisal@timesofoman.com  iPhoneSE: the first Apple
smartphone not having a number in its model name, the SE keeps the design of the
5S, but packs the performance of the 6S.


With the iPhone 6 series, Apple finally gave in to the latest smartphone vogue
of being 'Big', and people loved it. The devout
anything-is-good-as-long-its-Apple fans went gaga over it, as did many others
who are truly deeply madly in love with the big-is-better concept. But the
non-conformists, or more aptly put, the purists, were still very much in love
with the magic Apple had created in the past: the iPhone 5 and 5S.



To them the 5 was the most perfect iPhone, with a most perfect screen size. And
for long they kept on with it, hoping or the much needed updates. The 6 series
came in, but still they lingered with the predecessor. The proof of it is the
high demand of the phone even to this day; almost parallel to the 6S.

However, Apple finally seems to pay heed with the launch of the iPhone SE. The
first smartphone from Apple's stable, not having a number in its model name, the
SE comes retaining the same design of the 5 series and 4inch screen, and packing
the features of the 6S - a banging update to the 5S at a price lot more
affordable than an iPhone 6S.

The new baby iPhone packs the same advanced A9 processor as in the 6S. The 12
megapixel camera, also borrowed from the 6S captures incredible images and 4K
videos, with 'Live Photo'. Apple also brings the 'Apple Pay' feature courtesy
the inclusion of NFC to the 4inch form factor with the SE (though of no use in
Oman).

One of the biggest draws is the SE's price. The cheapest iPhone yet starts at
OMR 190, almost a hundred rials cheaper than the 6S, offering great value with
all the power and performance of iPhone 6S.

Having exactly the same dimensions and design as that of the 5S, the biggest
advantage of the SE over the 6S is its size; that is if you are not too much in
love with gigantism. The phone is super easy to store and carry, and makes the
6S Plus feel big and bulky. Operating the phone is also much more convenient
with the entire screen within reach of single hand.

With the 6S derived 64-bit A9 chip, M9 motion co-processor and the same 2GB RAM
- 2GB, the SE is a superfast smartphone; faster in fact than the 6S, with fewer
pixels to drive, thanks to the smaller screen. The iOS 9.3, which includes a few
notable features, like password-protected notes and the Siri interface, enabling
hands-free voice-controlled mobile operation.

Another exciting factor is the camera shape: no protuberance like the 6S. The
arrangement is exactly like the iPhone 5S, while containing the hardware of the
6S, with flush lens and tall pill-style dual-LED flash. However, cost-cutting
has led to the absence of the scratch-resistant sapphire cover glass. The
previous gen Touch ID sensor on the SE is also slower, but still lovable as it
does not require unlocking the phone while turning on the screen to check
notifications.

You can choose from Space Grey, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold, with 16GB and 64GB
storage options. The latter three have white faces; only the Space Grey comes
with a black front. The accessories and cases are all 5S compatible; another
money saving feature.

Apple says, it is the most powerful 4 inch phone ever, but whether it will be
able to create ripples amongst fans remains to be seen. Over a month since its
launch, the scenario suggests otherwise so far.

We think it's a marvelous effort by Apple, but a little too late. Happiness
certainly comes in small packets, if only it could be delivered a bit early. The
4 inch hero is dead; faded from the memories of samrtphone buffs. Steve Jobs you
are dearly missed.

Tech Specs

Apple iPhone SE

Operating system: iOS 9

Processor: A9 chip with M9 motion coprocessor, 2.1GHz

Display: Retina display 4[#x2011]inch LED[#x2011]backlit widescreen multi-touch


Camera: 12mp rear camera with Live Photos and Auto HDR, True Tone flash, 4K
video recording; front camera 1.2mp with 720p HD video recording and retina
flash

Storage: 16GB, 64GB (non-expandable)

Battery backup: Talk time: Up to 14 hours on 3G; 13 hours video playback; and
upto 50 hours audio playback. Standby time upto 10 days

Other features: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Siri

Weight: 113gm

Finish: Silver, Gold, Space Gray, Rose Gold


© Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016 Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2016 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Apple fans brave Sydney rain as new iPhone 6s hit stores

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: SYDNEY


SYDNEY, Sept. 25 -- The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with
dozens of people - and a robot - queuing in Sydney to kick off a global sales
cycle that will be scrutinised for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee
product has left.


 Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful
iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
 Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.
 "I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two
days lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and
use it to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled
robot.
 "I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing."
 Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days prior to
the release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales
were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.
 Apple's flagship iPhones generated nearly two-thirds of the U.S. giant's
revenue in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, the iPhone is Apple's
best-selling device to date.
 "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
 After a dramatic redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen
and added mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements.
 The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.
 "Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because
the iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney.
 "I've never seen anything like it, it's astounding. The camera craft has now
come up to story telling craft."
 Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year.
 Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.
 "Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more
competitive versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in
traditional regions," Moorhead wrote in an email.
 "Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with
their new lines of phones."
 The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year
contract with a mobile service provider, go on sale on Friday in Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Apple fans brave Sydney rain as new iPhone 6s hit stores

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: Sydney


Sydney, Sept. 25 -- The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus hit stores on Friday, with
dozens of people - and a robot - queueing in Sydney to kick off a global sales
cycle that will be scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple Inc's marquee
product has left.


 Analysts expect 12 million to 13 million phones to fly off the shelves in the
first weekend, up from more than 10 million last year when the hugely successful
iPhone 6's launch was delayed in China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
 Among the first to pick up the new iPhone 6s in a cold, rainy Sydney was a
telepresence robot named Lucy, operated by marketing executive Lucy Kelly.
 "I obviously have my work and other things to attend to and can't spend two
days lining up so my boss at work suggested I take one of the robots down and
use it to stand in my place," she said via an iPad mounted on top of the wheeled
robot.
 "I love new gadgets. The new camera is meant to be amazing."
 Fans from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days prior to
the release, and Apple said earlier this month that pre-orders suggested sales
were on pace to beat last year's first-weekend performance.
 Apple's flagship iPhones generated nearly two-thirds of the U.S. giant's
revenue in the latest quarter. First released in 2007, the iPhone is Apple's
best-selling device to date.
 "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
 After a dramatic redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen
and added mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements.
 The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.
 "Today is like Christmas for pocket film makers all around the world because
the iPhone 6S Plus is like the newest, greatest toy we have to play with," said
Jason van Genderen, who makes movies on smart phones in Sydney.
 "I've never seen anything like it, it's astounding. The camera craft has now
come up to story telling craft."
 Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year.
 Lackluster offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd also will help Apple stand out in the marketplace, analyst
Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.
 "Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more
competitive versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in
traditional regions," Moorhead wrote in an email.
 "Samsung didn't bring a whole lot of compelling features to consumers with
their new lines of phones."
 The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year
contract with a mobile service provider, go on sale on Friday in Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

Zong exclusively launched iPhone 6s and 6s Plus with style

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 313

LENGTH: 268  words


Zong, Pakistan's first and only 3G + 4G network here on Friday officially
launched thelatest iPhone 6s and 6sPlus for its valued customers at a colorful
ceremony arranged at state-of-the-art Experience  and  Service Centre.

As per set pattern prescribed by Apple, Zong has been given special mandate to
exclusively launch Apple's latest smartphones in Islamabad. A number of Zong
customers that had pre-booked their latest iPhones one week prior to its
official launch along with other senior officials including Babar Bajwa, Chief
Commercial Officer - Zong gathered at Sharp 6 pm to witness this grand occasion.

Babar Bajwa CCO Zong handed-over first iPhone 6s to a customer that is resident
of Islamabad. Speaking at the occasion MrBajwa said, We, at Zong, endeavor to
bring innovative solutions through latest technologies to our customers in
Pakistan. We are proud that we have taken another leap forward by bringing the
world's latest smartphone devices with distinction. Our customers now can
experience the true speed of 4G/LTE on latest smartphones by iPhone which is a
perfect technology match.

First 100 iPhone customers received mifi devices worth Rs 6,000/- from Zong that
was an add-on for them. Most of the customers immediately unsealed their iPhones
and started enjoying fastest internet speed besides taking selfies and sharing
with their near and dear ones. iPhone 6s and 6s Pluswill soon be available on
selected ZongCustomer Service Centres nationwide paired with official
warranty.Zong is offering iPhone 6s and 6s plus on 6% and 10% discount with 3
months and 6 months advance line rent plans.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                Kolkata Edition

E-tailers may earn Rs 3k cr in iPhone sales

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 366 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company .Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S. "Wit

hin six months of purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you 50%
of its value and 40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning
and most of the competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of
stock availability, delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has
assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15.Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing reve

nues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. While Croma, one
of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S pre-bookings from
Thursday night. A senior executive from the company said it will offer a 30-day
replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is offering

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                 Jaipur Edition

E-tailers may earn Rs 3k cr in iPhone sales

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 368 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company. Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S.

"Within six months of purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you
50% of its value and 40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning
and most of the competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of
stock availability , delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has
assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15. Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing reve

nues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.While Croma, one
of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

Similarly , Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S
pre-bookings from Thursday night.A senior executive from the company said it
will offer a 30-day replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is
offering

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                Lucknow Edition

E-tailers may earn Rs 3k cr in iPhone sales

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 368 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company. Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S.

"Within six months of purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you
50% of its value and 40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning
and most of the competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of
stock availability , delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has
assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15. Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing reve

nues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.While Croma, one
of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

Similarly , Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S
pre-bookings from Thursday night.A senior executive from the company said it
will offer a 30-day replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is
offering

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                                 Delhi Edition

E-tailers may get half of Rs.6k-cr iPhone pie

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 368 words


After brick-andmortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company. Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S.

"Within six months of purchase, if you want to sell your phone, we will pay you
50% of its value and 40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP ,
strategic alliances, Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning
and most of the competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of
stock availability , delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has
assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15.Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing re

venues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus.While Croma, one
of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

Similarly , Bengaluru-based e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S
pre-bookings from Thursday night.A senior executive from the company said it
will offer a 30-day replacement guarantee on the phones that no other player is
offering.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Zong launches iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 259

LENGTH: 268  words


Zong, Pakistan's first and only 3G + 4G network here on Friday officially
launched the latest iPhone 6s and 6sPlus for its valued customers at a colorful
ceremony arranged at state-of-the-art Experience and Service Centre.

As per set pattern prescribed by Apple, Zong has been given special mandate to
exclusively launch Apple's latest smartphones in Islamabad.

A number of Zong customers that had pre-booked their latest iPhones one week
prior to its official launch along with other senior officials including Babar
Bajwa, Chief Commercial Officer - Zong gathered at Sharp 6 pm to witness this
grand occasion.

Babar Bajwa CCO Zong handed-over first iPhone 6s to a customer that is resident
of Islamabad.

Speaking at the occasion MrBajwa said, We, at Zong, endeavor to bring innovative
solutions through latest technologies to our customers in Pakistan.

We are proud that we have taken another leap forward by bringing the world's
latest smartphone devices with distinction.

Our customers now can experience the true speed of 4G/LTE on latest smartphones
by iPhone which is a perfect technology match.

First 100 iPhone customers received mifi devices worth Rs 6,000/- from Zong that
was an add-on for them.

Most of the customers immediately unsealed their iPhones and started enjoying
fastest internet speed besides taking selfies and sharing with their near and
dear ones.

iPhone 6s and 6s Pluswill soon be available on selected Zong Customer Service
Centres nationwide paired with official warranty.

Zong is offering iPhone 6s and 6s plus on 6pc and 10pc discount with 3 months
and 6 months advance line rent plans.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Zong exclusively launched iPhone 6s and 6s Plus with style

LENGTH: 284  words


Zong, Pakistan's first and only 3G + 4G network here on Friday officially
launched thelatest iPhone 6s and 6sPlus for its valued customers at a colorful
ceremony arranged at state-of-the-art Experience  and  Service Centre.

As per set pattern prescribed by Apple, Zong has been given special mandate to
exclusively launch Apple's latest smartphones in Islamabad. A number of Zong
customers that had pre-booked their latest iPhones one week prior to its
official launch along with other senior officials including Babar Bajwa, Chief
Commercial Officer - Zong gathered at Sharp 6 pm to witness this grand occasion.

Babar Bajwa CCO Zong handed-over first iPhone 6s to a customer that is resident
of Islamabad. Speaking at the occasion MrBajwa said, We, at Zong, endeavor to
bring innovative solutions through latest technologies to our customers in
Pakistan. We are proud that we have taken another leap forward by bringing the
world's latest smartphone devices with distinction. Our customers now can
experience the true speed of 4G/LTE on latest smartphones by iPhone which is a
perfect technology match.

First 100 iPhone customers received mifi devices worth Rs 6,000/from Zong that
was an add-on for them. Most of the customers immediately unsealed their iPhones
and started enjoying fastest internet speed besides taking selfies and sharing
with their near and dear ones. iPhone 6s and 6s Pluswill soon be available on
selected ZongCustomer Service Centres nationwide paired with official
warranty.Zong is offering iPhone 6s and 6s plus on 6% and 10% discount with 3
months and 6 months advance line rent plans. Further details can be found
through www.zong.com.pk  and lt;http://www.zong.com.pk and gt;.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

[Rumor] iPhone 6S Plus expected to feature a 1440p resolutio

LENGTH: 306  words


Regular iPhone 6S expected to feature the 1080p resolution

By tbreak Staff -

Earlier, it was reported that both iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus were going to
feature a 12 MP rear camera sensor. Now according to another rumor, the
company's upcoming flagship phablet, iPhone 6S Plus, which is expected to have a
screen size of 5.5 inches, is going to radiate a resolution of 1440p, or in
other words, 2K resolution. Side by side, the iPhone 6S is expected to feature a
4.7 inch screen which also be upgraded to a 1080p resolution.

While it is already known that Apple A9, the chipset expected to be present in
both smartphones is going to be processed on Samsung's superior 14 nm FinFET
process, the tech giant plans to raise the bar on the resolution side as well.
The company's previous flagship duo, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus featured
resolutions that measured 1334 by 750 and 1920 by 1080, respectively, which no
doubt prompted Apple to increase the overall pixel count on both its upcoming
smartphones.

While this news should be treated as a rumor for now, the company has invested a
sizable amount of $1.7 billion in JDI, which happens to be the largest display
maker in the world. With that much cash given to a supplier, you can rest
assured that the upcoming smartphone tag team is not going to be fitted with
something inferior.

However, the large amount of money allocated to a supplier could also be given
in order to put an extra engineering touch in these devices so that Apple's
Force Touch tech can be used properly. The Force Touch tech was initially
introduced in Apple Watch and looks like it is going to make its way to both
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus.

Unfortunately, confirmation of all the aforementioned features can only be given
once Tim Cook takes center stage and unveils two of the most anticipated
handsets of 2015.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

iPhone SE vs iPhone 6s: 7 things to know before you decide to make a purchase

LENGTH: 1411  words


By Mohammad Omer -

iPhone SE is a clear example of how smaller size smartphones can pack a lot of
firepower to rival that of phablets. With the 4 inch handset, Apple has made
smaller devices relevant and in more than just one way, and iPhone SE is easily
able to take on its larger sized brother, iPhone 6s. The 4.7 inch handset does
deliver a lot of features, but when you have a choice to make between the two,
there is a lot that you are unaware of and we will help you to make that
decision extremely simple, so let us get started.

That is correct; if you are looking for performance from a compact handset, then
look no further than an iPhone SE. It packs the same hardware as an iPhone 6s,
because the insides comprise of Apple's A9 SoC, which features a dual-core 1.84
GHz Twister processor designed by the company itself, along with a PowerVR
GT7600 GPU. In addition, 2GB of LPDDR4 RAM is more than enough to help you
engage in multitasking options. If you are looking for another reason to go for
an iPhone SE despite its smaller screen, you will find that reason posted below.

Apple's smartphones have not gone beyond past the 1080p mark, and looking at
Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium (the first smartphone to sport a 4K display), handsets
coming with a 4K resolution are going to become relatively common in the future,
if manufacturers are able to solve the issue of battery life. With Apple's
iPhone 6s, the smartphone rocks a 1334 by 750 resolution, whereas an iPhone SE
sports a 1136 by 640 resolution. Smaller resolutions consume less power,
resulting in better battery life, not to mention better graphics performance
(the GPU and CPU pushes less number of pixels on the screen).

In fact, Apple has also listed specifications of the iPhone SE's battery life as
being higher than that of iPhone 6s, depending on what sort of activity you will
be carrying out on your smartphones. The lists have been given below:

Audio: 50 hours

Video: 13 hours

Wi-Fi: 13 hours

LTE: 13 hours

3G browsing: 12 hours

3G (talk time hours): 14 hours

Audio: 50 hours

Video: 11 hours

Wi-Fi: 11 hours

LTE: 10 hours

3G browsing: 10 hours

3G (talk time hours): 14 hours

If you have absolutely no issues in using a 4 inch smartphone as your daily
driver, you will be happy to know that you experience more battery life and rake
out more performance from it.

It's hard to believe that smaller inched smartphones sport camera sensors that
capture images and footage of equivalent quality than those that feature larger
screens. However, in addition to better performance and increased battery life,
iPhone SE is also incorporated with a 12MP rear camera. Smaller number of
megapixels is not necessarily a bad thing, since more light is able to enter per
pixel, resulting in better images in low-light environments.

One huge reason to invest in an iPhone SE is that it able to record 4K video at
30fps, being equal to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Additionally, if you want to
conserve space and edit slow motion videos, this camera sensor will be able to
do just that thanks to recording in the following resolutions and framerate:

The rear sensor might not produce images sharper than 16MP sensors, but as more
and more camera sensors are succeeding their previous versions, its more about
the quality of the tech, and less about the number of megapixels crammed into
it. Additionally, if you're a selfie buff, then you will love this new feature;
according to Apple, the display of iPhone SE increases to three times its
default brightness in order to capture a high quality selfie without
compromising the image quality. Front flash features are present in some
smartphones, but in low-light, then up end tarnishing the image far more than
actually contributing to its quality.

With all the tech present on the camera side of things, it is pretty evident
that there is no downside to using both cameras on iPhone SE right? Wrong; the
smartphone might be impressive in several ways but the one downside to using it
is the front camera, and that will be because of the lack of megapixels. With a
maximum resolution of 1.2MP, iPhone 6s and 6s Plus definitely win in this
category because they have an impressive 5MP camera. However, one little
difference will obviously not force you to deviate from your purchase, so let us
dive into more features before ultimately reaching our decision.

Yes, that is correct, iPhone SE only comes in the 16 and 64GB capacity models.
64GB is definitely the sweet spot for any handset right now and it is definitely
more than enough for you to carry around your entire media collection with you.
Unfortunately, there are consumers whose collections exceed this limit as well,
requiring them to go for a storage model upgrade. However, we are under the
assumption that those numbers are going to be extremely minute in number.

Apple's proprietary Touch ID fingerprint scanner is integrated into the home
button of iPhone SE, but if you want to experience the same speed recognition
found in iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, you will be fresh out of luck. This smartphone's
Touch ID is the same one present in iPhone 5s, showing that Apple did make a few
sacrifices along the way. According to Pocketnow, a specification breakdown let
the staff to conclude that the fingerprint scanner is comprised up of older
hardware. However, if you do not have a problem with the amount of time it takes
to deduce your identity, then we strongly suggest that you invest in this
device.

Also known as Force Touch, a feature found in iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
Watch and the 2015 12 inch MacBook, this display is not present in iPhone SE.
While it is definitely a handy addition of playing around with and fire up
commands that give you access to more functions by just putting a slight amount
of force on the screen. It is still rather new, meaning that developers will
probably be finding much better use of the technology with their applications in
the near future, which will be some time from now.

Naturally, as more and more Android smartphones are released boasting this
feature, it will compel developers to branch out more functions in their apps.
As of right now, even if iPhone SE does not have a pressure sensitive display,
do not be too upset about; chances are you will probably forget about such a
thing as soon as you make your purchase.

Contactless payments have become possible through our smartphones thanks to
Apple and the incorporation of NFC chips inside its mobile devices. While NFC
cannot be used to transfer data across device of an iPhone SE (or any other
iPhone for that matter), you can still use Apple Pay to make purchases without
using your payment card.

In many ways, using NFC based payment techniques is definitely safer than
resorting to use your debit or credit card since the information does not stay
on the 'point of sale's' server, meaning that the threat of having a hacker
steal your card details is severely reduced ('point of sale' is a hub where your
payment card is swiped in order to complete the transaction). The only drawback
to using NFC based payments is that there are limited merchants that are
accepting transactions through this channel, but this will obviously take time
to be embraced.

Right now, there is no such thing as a perfect smartphone, and despite iPhone
SE's impressive hardware, it does come short on a lot things, which have been
listed below. To sum up everything, we have stated below the reasons why you
should and you should not invest in an iPhone SE.

Overall, iPhone SE is practically an iPhone 6s, with one major difference
(screen size) and a few minor ones. However, you definitely cannot ignore that
price tag and looking at Apple, it is quite hard to believe that a 4 inch
powerhouse of an iPhone can cost you just $399 (for the 16GB model). As we
conclude this, we have to say that in a world littered with phablets, Apple has
definitely given us more than our fair share of reasons why we should head out
and invest in an iPhone SE.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/71/145908473443.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/145908473537.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/63/145908473559.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/35/145908473579.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/89/145908473634.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/49/145908473731.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/28/145908473758.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/10/145908473830.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/145908473900.jpg



LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:19 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 601 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 7:19 PM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, specs and price following Apple's new 'mini' smartphone
launch;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's next smartphone

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 601 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California today - and it wasn't
the phone many people were expecting .

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the Spring.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying about the iPhone 7, this is NOT that
phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according to the
usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched today is called the iPhone SE - a smaller, cheaper
device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Follow our live updates from the Apple event here

Here's everything we know so far about Apple's "mini" iPhone.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it.

Although early rumours suggested the iPhone SE could come in hot pink, these
pictures from media company Beeep suggest that it could be more of a pale
orangey-pink colour.

It will also come in space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

After weeks of rumours suggesting that Apple's forthcoming smartphone would be
called the iPhone 6c , and then the iPhone 5se, the Californian company simply
decided to call it the iPhone SE.

A report in 9to5Mac claimed that Apple has decided against naming the new
handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

iPhone SE release date, specs, features and price rumours ahead of Apple's new
mini iPhone launch

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE is something of a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's
4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds".

Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing, said: "
iPhone SE is packed with a stunning four-inch Retina display, advanced 64-bit A9
chip with M9 motion co-processor, longer battery life, 12-megapixel iSight
camera with True Tone flash, Live Photos, 4K video, faster LTE and Wi-Fi, and
Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE."

Read More: What time is Apple's iPhone event?

Apple typically leaves two weeks between the announcement of an iPhone and its
retail date, but most rumours seem to suggest that the new device will go on
sale the following Friday.

iPhone SE rumours

That means you'll probably be able to buy the new device on March 25.

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," 9to5Mac said.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday

E-tailers may get half of Rs 6k-cr iPhone pie

BYLINE: John Sarkar

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


NEW DELHI: After brick-and-mortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's
e-tailing giants to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated
to rake in domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech
company. Apple plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India,
and half of it is expected to happen through the online route. This will also
reduce the chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say
industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day, cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S. "Within six months of
purchase, if you want to sell your phone, we will pay you 50% of its value and
40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP, strategic alliances,
Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning and most of the
competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of stock
availability, delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has assured
delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15. Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing revenues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. While Croma, one of
India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

"I'm an Apple fan. Earlier, people would have to queue up in front of Apple
stores all night to lay their hands on a phone on the day of the launch. Only
two out of those would manage to get a phone and even then, getting the colour
or specifications of your choice would be a distant dream. Online marketplaces
have changed that. Now, by booking online, you can get your iPhone on the same
day of the launch since we have tied up with local retailers. You can book the
colour you want and get the specifications of your choice too," said Amit
Bagaria, head, electronics business, Paytm.

The Noida-based electronics payments company and marketplace has tied up with
several banks for finance schemes for the iPhone 6S and plans to sell around
10,000 units in the first month of its launch. Similarly, Bengaluru-based
e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S pre-bookings from Thursday night.
A senior executive from the company said it will offer a 30-day replacement
guarantee on the phones that no other player is offering.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday

E-tailers may get half of Rs 6k-cr iPhone pie

BYLINE: John Sarkar

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 507 words


NEW DELHI: After brick-and-mortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's
e-tailing giants to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated
to rake in domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech
company. Apple plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India,
and half of it is expected to happen through the online route. This will also
reduce the chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say
industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes delivery on launch
day, cashbacks, assured buybacks and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S. "Within six months of
purchase, if you want to sell your phone, we will pay you 50% of its value and
40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP, strategic alliances,
Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning and most of the
competition between e-tailers will take place on the basis of stock
availability, delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks." Snapdeal has assured
delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to its pre-booked
customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15. Though Khara did not reveal
numbers, it has been learnt that the New Delhi-based online marketplace is
eyeing revenues that may run into hundreds of crores from the iPhone 6S.

A relatively new entrant into the e-tailing space, Paytm is looking at a
business of Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. While Croma, one of
India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging Rs 1,000 for pre-booking
the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm for Rs 2,000.

"I'm an Apple fan. Earlier, people would have to queue up in front of Apple
stores all night to lay their hands on a phone on the day of the launch. Only
two out of those would manage to get a phone and even then, getting the colour
or specifications of your choice would be a distant dream. Online marketplaces
have changed that. Now, by booking online, you can get your iPhone on the same
day of the launch since we have tied up with local retailers. You can book the
colour you want and get the specifications of your choice too," said Amit
Bagaria, head, electronics business, Paytm.

The Noida-based electronics payments company and marketplace has tied up with
several banks for finance schemes for the iPhone 6S and plans to sell around
10,000 units in the first month of its launch. Similarly, Bengaluru-based
e-tailer Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S pre-bookings from Thursday night.
A senior executive from the company said it will offer a 30-day replacement
guarantee on the phones that no other player is offering.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     December 19, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Best Buy offering 16GB iPhone 6s for $1 with two-year Verizon or Sprint contract

BYLINE: Paul Gardner

LENGTH: 251  words


Bigwig retailer Best Buy is, for a limited period, offering Apple's newest
iPhone 6s handset just for $1, to customers who sign-up for a two-year contract
with Verizon or Sprint.

Announcing the limited-time promotion of the iPhone 6s for $1, Best Buy said
that that the model being offered for the sale is the 16GB variant of the iPhone
6S handset. The regular retail cost of the handset is $200 with a two-year
contract. The promotion is applicable to the iPhone 6s handset in all four color
options --- Silver, Gold, Space Gray, and Rose Gold.

The $1 iPhone 6s sale announced by Best Buy will end on Sunday, December 20,
2015. The sale price can be availed by customers both online -- at the
BestBuy.com website -- and in person at a Best Buy store.

In fact, Best Buy is also offering the $1 deal -- with two-year contract -- for
the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 model as well. The normal cost of the handset
at retail stores is $100. The iPhone 6 versions being sold by Best Buy for $1
are the 'Space Gray' and 'Silver' models of the handset.

Moreover, along with the $1 promotion price for the mentioned iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6 models, Best Buy is also offering a $200 gift card to customers who
trade in their iPhone 5 handsets in good working condition.

Technology (http://uncovermichigan.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovermichigan.com/company/apple)United States
(http://uncovermichigan.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 10:26 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 10:04 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 10:26 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      March 22, 2016 Tuesday 10:04 AM GMT

iPhone SE: Release date, price and specs revealed at launch of Apple's new
4-inch iPhone;
Here's everything you need to know about Apple's 4-inch iPhone SE - successor to
the popular iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 900 words


Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at an event in California yesterday - and it
wasn't the phone many people were expecting.

The company traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours had been building for months suggesting Apple was
developing a new device.

Although there are plenty of rumours flying around about the iPhone 7, this is
NOT that phone. The iPhone 7 is expected to launch in September 2016 - according
to the usual schedule.

The phone that Apple launched yesterday is called the iPhone SE - a smaller,
cheaper device that will be sold alongside Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

Here's everything we know about Apple's new "mini" iPhone SE:

A report in 9to5Mac ahead of the event claimed that Apple had decided against
naming the new handset after the 5s and 5c range of 2013, for fear of confusing
customers.

This marks the first iPhone upgrade without a number in its name, and would
logically remove it from a yearly update cycle - suggesting it may be a one-off
device.

The "SE" suffix has reportedly been described by Apple employees as a "special
edition" variation of the iPhone screen size.

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone SE will replace the iPhone 5s - bringing Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to
date with the other two devices. The iPhone 5s will be discontinued.

The iPhone SE comes with the same 64-bit A9 chip from the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, offering "blazing fast speeds," according to Apple.

It also has the same M9 motion co-processor, meaning it is capable of supporting
graphics-intensive mobile games.

The device also boasts a high-definition Retina display, longer battery life, 4K
video, faster 4G and Wi-Fi connectivity, and Touch ID with Apple Pay.

"Everyone who wants a smaller phone is going to love iPhone SE," said Apple's
senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller.

iPhone SE has a 12-megapixel rear camera with fast-focus technology, an
Apple-designed image signal processor, advanced noise reduction and better face
detection - all resulting in sharper, more detailed photos

Although the iPhone SE doesn't feature Apple's pressure-sensitive 3D Touch
technology, users can still capture Live Photos on the device.

This means that, after taking a photo, users can "relive the memory" by touching
the touching the screen to reveal the moments immediately before and after the
shot was taken.Other camera advancements include the ability to shoot 4K video
and "True Tone" lighting technology, which momentarily makes the display three
times brighter for brighter selfies in low light.

Apple's new 4-inch iPhone will come in pink, or "rose gold" as Apple calls it,
as well as space grey, silver and gold.

What do you think of the new mini iPhone? Let us know in the comments below

The iPhone SE will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper at a cost starting at £359.

That means its will be cheaper than the iPhone 5s, which currently starts at
£379. The 5s is expected to have its price more or less halved after the iPhone
SE launches.

Tim Cook takes to the stage for Apple announcement

Customers in the UK will be able to pre-order the iPhone SE from Thursday, March
24, with availability beginning Thursday, March 31.

Every customer who buys iPhone SE from Apple will be offered free Personal
Setup, in-store or online, to help them customise their iPhone by setting up
email, showing them new apps from the App Store and more.

So far the reaction to the iPhone SE has been fairly good. Analysts seem to
think the release of a smaller, cheaper iPhone is a smart move by Apple, and
believe it could trigger a new wave of upgrades.

"A less powerful processor would have been perfectly acceptable in a cheaper
iPhone," said Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your
Bubble.

"But with the processor and graphics on par with the iPhone 6s, you're left
wondering what features have Apple scrimped on to keep costs down? Other than
the screen size, not many it seems."

Ernest Doku, telecoms expert at uSwitch.com, said the iPhone SE was argeted at
Millennials with smaller budgets, offering a fully-formed iPhone experience for
around £170 cheaper than its flagship.

"Taking the iconic design of the 5s and supercharging it with the innards of the
6s, its best iPhone yet, and for a vastly lower price, should strike fear in the
hearts of brands already competing in the mid range mobile market," he said.

Read more: Why the iPhone SE could make tightfisted Apple fans crumble

Jefferson Wang, senior partner at IBB Consulting, added that it will allow Apple
to compete in up-and-coming markets such as India and South America:

"Apple is facing much higher price sensitivity in some developing regions.
Manufacturers like Huawei, Lenovo, and ZTE have no problem selling phones to the
masses outside of the US," he said.

"Apple can't lose big to these companies and iPhone SE gets it back in the game
with price conscious shoppers that don't mind paying just a little more for the
Apple brand, even if it means sacrificing on screen size and the latest
must-have features."

Apple unveils iPhone SE and iPad Pro at launch event

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Are high prices hurting iPhones 6S, iPhone 6S Plus sales in India?

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 658 words


KOLKATA: Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus
in India and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an
impact on their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said
in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on demand in terms
of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan, and parts of
Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings call on
Wednesday. But Maestri also said it was too early to arrive at any conclusion.

READ ALSO:

"...because the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit
early to tell. But so far we were encouraged by the response," the Apple CFO
said.

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are selling at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000 depending on memory and
model, Rs 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6 and 6
Plus and also Rs 14,000-16,000 costlier than their prices in global markets like
the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. Apple's trade partners in India
attributed the huge price difference of the new iPhones between India and many
global markets to two factors: Depreciation of the rupee against dollar whereby
Apple had hedged the currency exchange rate, and higher tax, with imported
smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while this
difference was just 5% last year.

READ ALSO:

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, in Wednesday's earnings call, said the company was
investing for the long term in a few markets like India where factors like
currency were "transitional kind of thing". "I was really impressed last quarter
with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia and India among others," he said.

Discount push

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%. Analysts say sales during this quarter in
India were driven by aggressive online discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large e-commerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus. Incidentally, Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of
the new iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015.

READ ALSO:

Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong headwinds" from foreign
exchange rates. Apple also posted largest absolute revenue growth ever, growing
by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month announced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6S and 6S Plus models in 12 markets including the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new record for the company.

The company management during the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Donate sperm to get an iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 777  words


In today's trending, sperm banks advertise for donations with iPhone 6s as lure,
man invents hair-washing machine, giant 8-ton tofu unveiled, and drones ensure
delivery within an hour of purchase.

iPhone 6s. [Photo/Apple Inc]

Donate sperm instead of a kidney for an iPhone 6s

The joke goes that some Chinese people would donate a kidney for an iPhone 6s,
but perhaps something less costly - sperm - might get you one too. A sperm bank
in Central China's Hubei province said it would reward donors with an iPhone 6s
on its official WeChat account on Sept 14, Changjiang Times reported.

By 5:00pm on Monday, the WeChat message had been read 1,379 times. Two more
sperm banks in Shanghai also posted similar advertisements in the following
days, read over 400,000 times.

"We are looking for donors aged between 22 to 45. 5,000 yuan ($785) will be paid
for 40 ml of sperm (the iPhone 6s is priced at 5,288 yuan on the mainland)," the
Hubei Human Sperm Bank posted beneath a photo of an iPhone 6s.

The social media posts have stirred controversy, with some saying sperm donation
is a public welfare undertaking which should not be motivated by commercial
gain, while others think it was a good way to encourage more to donate.

The recruitment of sperm donors has been difficult, said Doctor Zhu, with the
Hubei Sperm Bank, as sperm banks are not allowed to advertise on social media.

China has strict rules on the founding and managing of sperm banks, allowing
only one in each province. Lack of sperm donations has been a major issue at all
18 centers nationwide.

In our next story, a man invents a hair-washing machine.

The father of Chen Gongke using the automatic hair washing machine in Leshan,
Southwest China's Sichuan province, Sept 16, 2015. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Man invents hair-washing machine

A 38-year-old man in Southwest China has invented an automatic hair-washing
machine and received a national patent after experimenting for 16 years,
breaking 18 motorcycle helmets, Chengdu Business Daily reported.

The hair-washing machine consists of a motorcycle helmet, two water tanks and a
control panel.

The whole process of using the machine takes place in several stages. First,
water and shampoo must be sprayed in the helmets, and at the end hot air is
blown through the helmet to dry the hair.

Cheng Gongke, the inventor, said he had the idea because he wanted to make it
easier for his paralyzed grandma to wash her hair. Though it has taken him more
than a decade, his dream has finally come true.

Cheng Gongke shows the interior design of the helmet. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

The control panel. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

The whole set of equipment. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

In our next story, a giant tofu is unveiled in Anhui.

A curious crowd gathers around a giant tofu in Huainan, Anhui province, east
China, at a tofu culture event on Sept 15, 2015. [Photo/Xinhua]

Eight-ton tofu served in Anhui

Tofu fans had a bite of an eight-ton tofu at an event in Huainan city, East
China's Anhui province on Tuesday.

It took more than 50 workers seven hours to complete the super-large tofu, which
is 3.64 meters long, 3.62 meters wide and 0.4 meters tall.

Huainan city is home to tofu, which was invented in the Western Han Dynasty (206
BC-24AD), though mapo tofu has become a popular Chinese dish at home and abroad.

In our next story, a company uses drones to ensure delivery within an hour of
purchase.

A delivery man tests the drone delivery service in Jinan, East China's Shandong
province. [Photo/Chinanews.com]

Drone to deliver goods within one hour after purchase

A logistics company in Shandong has successfully tested a new super-fast
delivery service that uses drones, and will ensure delivery within an hour of
purchase, China Post News reported on Tuesday.

The tested EMS delivery by China Post arrived within an hour via a drone in
front of a dormitory at Shandong Normal University on Sept 2, after the order
was placed on EMS online.

Amazon previously announced a future "Prime Air" delivery service and it seems
that Chinese logistics companies are hot on their heels.

That's all for today's trending, do check back tomorrow for more.

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/63/144246263626.jpg

b083fe955a7417646e7504.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/75/144246263819.jpg

b083fe955a7417646e9305.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/21/144246263965.jpg

b083fe955a7417646e9806.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/98/144246264051.jpg

b083fe955a7417646e9c07.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/38/144246264145.jpg

b083fe955a7417646ea008.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/9/144246264346.jpg

b083fe955a7417646ebb09.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/39/144246264438.jpg

b083fe955a7417646ee80a.jpg

/syndigate/imgs/498/1493/66/144246264560.jpg

b083fe955a7417646f900b.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch in India to lukewarm response;
Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

BYLINE: Gwyn D'Mello

LENGTH: 419  words


Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

Apple's latest smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, finally made their
way to India last night, hitting stores across the country at midnight. This is
by far the quickest rollout of an iPhone to Indian consumers, post their US
launch less than a month ago.

The iPhone 6s is available for Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for the
64GB, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile priced at Rs
72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB, and Rs 92,000 for the 64GB.
Both iPhones are available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold, and a new Rose Gold
colour variant. The phones are available at authorised Apple resellers and at
chain stores like Croma and Reliance Digital, as well as on e-commerce websites
Flipkart, Amazon India, and Snapdeal.

But despite the people queuing up outside stores before midnight, pre-booking
slips in hand, response on the ground seemed lukewarm in comparison to last
year's queue-around-the-block crowd. We found three stores in the Lower Parel
region of Mumbai which, despite being located inside a mall and within 200
metres of each other, only had a combined total of about 70 customers waiting
for the midnight launch. It's likely that customers are daunted by how expensive
the new iPhones are; at least Rs 8,000 more than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
priced at launch.

Then, there's also the fact that a lot of customers wait for new iPhone launches
so they can buy the older models at slashed rates. Prices for last-gen iPhones
have already been lowered, with the iPhone 6 available at Rs 36,999 for 16GB, Rs
45,999 for the 64GB, and Rs 62,499 for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is now available
at Rs 48,999 for the 16GB, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs 74,678 for the
128GB.

A third possibility, is that, since potential customers have already waited a
while to get their hands on the new iPhones, they're probably willing to wait
until the Diwali  season kicks in and e-commerce portals like Flipkart and
Amazon India start holding sales. Even if prices don't drop, customers will at
the very least have some feedback on the 6s and 6s Plus by then, and will know
which version they want.

But this "wait and watch" game is definitely hurting retailers on the ground,
with pre-bookings falling far short of the expected volume. Only time will tell
if the wave is just late this time, or non-existent.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 14, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook: New iPhones look "familiar," but Apple has "changed everything" about
them

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 248  words


Apple launched its next-generation iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
- at its product launch event held in San Francisco on September 9.

Announcing the new iPhones, Apple CEO Tim Cook tried to convince the attendees
that the handsets boast the inclusion of impressive new features, and are
outstandingly 'different' from the current iPhone 6 models.

Cook told the audience at the event that though the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
models "may look familiar" to their predecessors, Apple has "changed everything"
about the new handsets.

The 'familiar' look of the new iPhones results from the fact that the handsets
are largely the same as the iPhone 6 models, except for some cosmetic changes as
well as the introduction of a few new internal features, which can apparently be
described as force multipliers.

So far as the changes made by Apple to the new iPhones - vis-a-vis the present
iPhones - are concerned, these changes mainly include a faster processor;
pressure-sensitive 3D Touch screen technology; a new 12-megapixel 'iSight' rear
camera; a 5-megapixel front camera; a tougher glass face; and a chassis made of
a comparatively less bendable version of the custom aluminum alloy.

Since the mentioned new features of the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets do
not, strictly speaking, imply that "everything" about the new handsets has been
changed, it is apparent that the 'S' branded new iPhones are poor cousins of
Apple's iPhone 6 flagship handsets launched last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6S plus is the gold standard

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 666 words


Every time a new iPhone comes out, hordes of people wonder whether they should
upgrade. It's no different with the new iPhone 6S. So should you take the punt?
The 6S may be the latest, but is it the greatest? I've been using the 5.5-inch
6S Plus for the last two weeks. There are a few differences I've noticed between
it and the older 6 Plus model. The one that I'm most fond of is the camera.
Apple has injected extra quality into the lens of its 6S series and it shows.
You now get 12 megapixels instead of 8 (and a 5-megapixel selfie camera with a
new flash feature), which means you get appreciably more definition in images.
To be fair, megapixels are not the be-all and end-all of camera technology: on a
list of priorities, they rank only as middling. But this camera has added other
upgrades, such as a little more optical stabilisation. This means you're less
likely to take a blurry photo at any time. It also means that you can take
photos in lower light.

The combination of these features is powerful. A camera is something I score
heavily when it comes to high-end smartphones. So it's not lightly that I now
regard the 6S camera as probably the best on the market. That is the first time
I would have ever said that about an iPhone camera: while the camera on the 6
and the 6 Plus was very good, it was marginally outshone by the lenses on
Samsung's S6 and Sony's Xperia 5 (and Xperia 3 Plus). But the 6S hits a new
level: photos are very, very vivid. For anyone interested, Apple has also added
4K recording (which is twice the resolution of 'full HD') to the 6S and boosted
its slowmotion mode to 1080p ('full HD'). The aforementioned video stabilisation
also applies to video recording.

The last thing to note about the 6S camera is that it now has a feature called
"live photos" where, once activated, the camera records just over a second of
video footage either side of the moment you snapped to give you context. To be
honest, this is not a feature I have found myself using much.

What else is new on the iPhone 6S? Other than the camera, the biggest new
feature is probably 3D Touch. This is where you press harder on a screen to see
a shortcut menu pop up for certain apps such as Instagram, Photos, Camera or
Mail. It's very handy once you get the hang of it - you can take a shortcut to
writing an email, Facebook, Whatsapp or Snapchat message or post with a single
tap, rather than a couple. A few big third-party apps support it, although none
of Google's apps (Gmail, YouTube, Docs) do yet.

Technically, the 6S has boosted its power by "up to 70pc" over the 6 model,
thanks to Apple's new A9 chip. It comes in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB versions. While
I would recommend getting at least the 64GB version, the 16GB is now doable,
thanks to better memory management by Apple.

Battery life on the 6S Plus is, in my experience, slightly better than the 6
Plus. I have not yet needed to recharge it before 8pm or 9pm on the same day. To
be fair, this could also have something to do with the fact that I'm using a
smartwatch more, meaning that I often now glance at the watch to see whether I
need to engage with a message or notification, rather than taking the phone out
and switching the screen on.

In look and feel, the 6S is almost exactly the same as the former 6 model. It
uses slightly stronger aluminium and glass, which may be Apple's way of nipping
any potential 'bendgate' controversy in the bud.

In general, 'S' models of iPhones tend to stick around longer than non-'S'
models (think about the '4S' and '5S' models compared to their '4' and '5'
counterparts). This may be because once the 'S' model is created, any physical
kinks and quirks of the originating model will have been ironed out through
quality control. Whatever the truth of that, the iPhone 6S is now the best phone
you can get on the market, without any reservation. Perhaps Samsung, Sony and
HTC might come up with something special in the next few months. But for now,
Apple has fully retaken the crown.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone 6S plus Price: (EURO)869 (16GB) from www.Apple.ie Rating: ?????
HHHHH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Samsung S7, S7 Edge overtake Apple's iPhone

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 205

LENGTH: 218  words


The flagship devices Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE from the world's largest smartphone
manufacturer Samsung are sold in greater quantities than the Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus during a three-month period ending in May. Almost 16 per cent of
customers preferred a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7-Edge on Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus and only 14.6 per cent people purchased an iPhone 6S or 6S-Plus
during this period. No doubt, it is a significant achievement for the South
Korean smartphone manufacturer.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus were released in September last year while the
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE were announced in March this year with exciting
and attractive Virtual Reality (VR) offer.

But, the bad news for Samsung is that Apple is still dominating the customer
satisfaction ranking. 88 per cent of Apple's customers stick to the iPhone and
don't change their brand. On the other hand, 86 per cent of Samsung's customers
intend to stay loyal. Fourteen per cent of the people who purchase Apple's
iPhone devices used Samsung previously. Only 5 per cent of the Samsung's sales
came from people switching away from Apple. The reason for this difference is
the fact that people get a lot of options available when they decide to change
Apple's iOS-based device with the Google's Android-based gadget.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                               Bangalore Edition

Airtel to Offer Latest iPhones from Friday

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 268 words


Bharti Airtel will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the latest to come out
from the Apple stable, beginning Friday , October 16 through 235 of its retail
stores across the country . Fifty seven of Bharti Airtel's retail stores will
stay open all night so customers can be among the first in India to get their
hands on the all-new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers ' . 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said in a statement on Tuesday .

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
worldclass experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini Gopalan, director, consumer
business, Bharti Airtel. ET had reported the development last week.

Earlier, Vodafone India had announced data and calling plans for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus with benefits. The Vodafone's '. 1299 monthly plan includes 3GB
mobile internet quota, 4000 free Local

and STD minutes and 1500 local and national SMS, for six months. Charges above
plan limits will be 50 paisa/MB for data usage, 50 paisa/message and 50
paisa/minute for voice calls. On Tuesday, mobile wallet Mobikwik said its
release of the iOS app -version 5.6 launched on

October 11 -with its presses, peeks, and pops, will support the 3D Force Touch
feature and iOS 9 users in India.

Following the update to the MobiKwik app for iOS, this enhancement will be
exploited to let users recharge their devices, transfer money, and shop online
more quickly and directly from homescreen of their iPhone 6S and 6S Plus using
Quick Actions.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Airtel to Offer Latest iPhones from Friday

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 268 words


Bharti Airtel will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the latest to come out
from the Apple stable, beginning Friday , October 16 through 235 of its retail
stores across the country . Fifty seven of Bharti Airtel's retail stores will
stay open all night so customers can be among the first in India to get their
hands on the all-new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers ' . 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said in a statement on Tuesday .

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
worldclass experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini Gopalan, director, consumer
business, Bharti Airtel. ET had reported the development last week.

Earlier, Vodafone India had announced data and calling plans for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus with benefits. The Vodafone's '. 1299 monthly plan includes 3GB
mobile internet quota, 4000 free Local

and STD minutes and 1500 local and national SMS, for six months. Charges above
plan limits will be 50 paisa/MB for data usage, 50 paisa/message and 50
paisa/minute for voice calls. On Tuesday, mobile wallet Mobikwik said its
release of the iOS app -version 5.6 launched on

October 11 -with its presses, peeks, and pops, will support the 3D Force Touch
feature and iOS 9 users in India.

Following the update to the MobiKwik app for iOS, this enhancement will be
exploited to let users recharge their devices, transfer money , and shop online
more quickly and directly from homescreen of their iPhone 6S and 6S Plus using
Quick Actions.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Airtel to Offer New iPhones from Friday

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 268 words


Bharti Airtel will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the latest to come out
from the Apple stable, beginning Friday, October 16 through 235 of its retail
stores across the country. Fifty seven of Bharti Airtel's retail stores will
stay open all night so customers can be among the first in India to get their
hands on the all-new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers ' . 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said in a statement on Tuesday.

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
world-class experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini Gopalan, director consumer
business, Bharti Airtel. ET had reported the development last week.

Earlier, Vodafone India had announced data and calling plans for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus with benefits. The Vodafone's ' . 1,299 monthly plan includes 3GB
mobile internet quota, 4,000 free Local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and
national SMS, for six months. Charges above plan limits will be 50 paise/MB for
data usage, 50 paise/message and 50 paise/minute for voice calls.

On Tuesday, mobile wallet Mobikwik said its release of the iOS app -version 5.6
launched on October 11 -with its presses, peeks, and pops, will support the 3D
Force Touch feature and iOS 9 users in India.

Following the update to the MobiKwik app for iOS, this enhancement will be
exploited to let users recharge their devices, transfer money, and shop online
more quickly and directly from homescreen of their iPhone 6S and 6S Plus using
Quick Actions.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Gadget fans rush to buy new iPhone

BYLINE: Rachel Loxton

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 292 words


TECH fans were out in force today to get their hands on the latest Apple gadget.

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus launched today in 12 countries - and customers
started queuing last night and early this morning to avoid missing out.

In Glasgow, the new devices were due to go on sale at the city's Buchanan Street
branch at 8am - and fans were eager to buy one.

In German cities, including Hamburg and Munich, fans began queuing the night
before the launch.

The iPhone 6s is already the ­second most popular phone, based on pre-orders and
searches on  http://uSwitch.com.

The new rose gold colour option is the most popular among  those who've
pre-ordered it.

And its sizeable sibling, the  iPhone 6s Plus, is currently the 10th most
popular phone.

This time last year, the iPhone 6 flew straight into the smartphone charts at
number one upon ­release, and Apple's latest model is poised to do exactly the
same thing.

Demand for Apple's iPhone 5c is still high - it's currently in sixth place -
despite its removal from Apple's own website for sale ahead of the launch of the
6s and 6s Plus.

Ernest Doku, technology expert at http://uSwitch.com, said: "It never fails to
impress that Apple can stamp its authority on the mobile market with nothing
more than a live-streamed keynote speech.

"The early popularity of the ­iPhone 6s shows people have no problems investing
in Apple ­off-plan. Not even last year's 'bendgate' - when some new owners found
that keeping their phones in their pockets resulted in a curved handset - has
put people off being among the first to own the latest iPhone.

"With queues already starting to form outside Apple's stores, and staggering
social media hype too, it won't be long until the iPhone 6s rocks to the top of
the list."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ETI


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone prices up 20 per cent

BYLINE: BLAYNE SLABBERT

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 338 words


KIWIS are paying 20 per cent more for the latest iPhones compared to last year's
version.

The 16GB iPhone 6S costs $1199, compared to the iPhone 6 which cost $999 when it
was released a year ago.

Last year, the 16GB iPhone 6 Plus cost $1199, compared to the 6S Plus which
costs $1399.

The increase is being blamed on the falling NZ dollar.

This time last year the kiwi bought US81 cents. Today, it buys US63c.

That's a 22 per cent fall.

Kiwis can expect price rises for all electronic equipment in the next few
months.

That doesn't seem to be putting people off the new iPhones, with Spark selling
out of some models and the Apple store showing long waits for the 6S Plus.

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus from Apple will have to wait three to four
weeks for delivery. This is the same for all colours and storage options.

The only 6S model showing a delay is the 64GB model in pink (rose gold), for
which people will have to wait for two to three weeks.

Spark has sold out of the 6S Plus 16GB model and also indicates stock is limited
for other models. It says pre-orders are limited to one per customer.

Apple's new iPhones became available for pre-order in New Zealand over the
weekend ahead of their release on Friday, September 25.

Pre-orders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple expects to
surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the first
weekend.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
an Apple spokesman said.

For people buying the devices outright, the iPhone 6s, which has a 4.7-inch
display, costs $1199 for the 16GB model, $1399 for the 64GB model and $1599 for
the 128GB model. The larger iPhone 6s Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, costs $1399
for the 16GB model, $1599 for the 64GB model and $1799 for the 128GB model.

Kiwis often think they pay more than other countries for gadgets, but a look at
prices for the new iPhones around the world show we aren't doing too badly.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone prices up 20 per cent

BYLINE: Blayne Slabbert

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 338 words


Kiwis are paying 20 per cent more for the latest iPhones compared to last year's
version.

The 16GB iPhone 6S costs $1199, compared to the iPhone 6 which cost $999 when it
was released a year ago.

Last year, the 16GB iPhone 6 Plus cost $1199, compared to the 6S Plus which
costs $1399.

The increase is being blamed on the falling NZ dollar.

This time last year the kiwi bought US81 cents. Today, it buys US63c.

That's a 22 per cent fall.

Kiwis can expect price rises for all electronic equipment in the next few
months.

That doesn't seem to be putting people off the new iPhones, with Spark selling
out of some models and the Apple store showing long waits for the 6S Plus.

Anyone ordering the iPhone 6 Plus from Apple will have to wait three to four
weeks for delivery. This is the same for all colours and storage options.

The only 6S model showing a delay is the 64GB model in pink (rose gold), for
which people will have to wait for two to three weeks.

Spark has sold out of the 6S Plus 16GB model and also indicates stock is limited
for other models. It says pre-orders are limited to one per customer.

Apple's new iPhones became available for pre-order in New Zealand over the
weekend ahead of their release on Friday, September 25.

Pre-orders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple expects to
surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the first
weekend.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period,"
an Apple spokesman said.

For people buying the devices outright, the iPhone 6s, which has a 4.7-inch
display, costs $1199 for the 16GB model, $1399 for the 64GB model and $1599 for
the 128GB model. The larger iPhone 6s Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, costs $1399
for the 16GB model, $1599 for the 64GB model and $1799 for the 128GB model.

Kiwis often think they pay more than other countries for gadgets, but a look at
prices for the new iPhones around the world show we aren't doing too badly.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

New iPhones to be available in the UAE on October 10

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 380 words


Dubai

The new iPhones will be officially available in the UAE and other Gulf countries
from October 10.

In the UAE, the new iPhones will be available through du and etisalat and in
Saudi Arabia through STC, Zain, and Mobily and in Kuwait through Ooredoo,Viva
and Zain and in Qatar through Vodafone and Ooredoo and in Bahrain through
Batelco,Viva and Zain and select Apple Authorised Resellers.

It will also be rolled out worldwide to more than 40 additional countries and
territories from October 9.

It will be available in India, Malaysia and Turkey on Friday, October 16, and in
over 130 countries by the end of the year.

The US company has said that it has sold more than 13 million devices, a new
record, just three days after launch date (Friday).

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Tim Cook, Apple's CEO,
said in a statement.

It will be available in gold, silver, space grey and the new rose gold metallic
finishes.

The iPhone 6s will be available in the UAE for Dh2,599 (16GB model), Dh2,999
(64GB) and Dh3,399 (128GB). iPhone 6s Plus will be available for Dh2,999 (16GB),
Dh3,399 (64GB) and Dh3,799 (128GB).

The new iPhones were available in the grey market in the UAE from Saturday
itself, the day after the global launch.

The online retailers have seen a brisk business for the devices, especially the
iPhone 6S.

"The phones to be available officially will note have Face Time, as it is banned
in the UAE. Many people are buying from the grey market only for the Face Time
feature," Sheriff Rizwan, CEO and founder of AlShop.com, told Gulf News.

He said that AlShop is the only retailer to deliver on the same day compared to
other retailers of two to 10 days.

"We have got pre-bookings for 2,000 devices but have delivered 350 units as of
now in the UAE. The demand is more for 6S and we are updating the prices every
day," he said.

Omar Kassim, founder and CEO of JadoPado, said that the demand is for iPhone 6S.

"The price gaps have come down a lot from Dh3,660 for iPhone 6S (16GB) on
Saturday to Dh2,880 on Monday. There is still room for the prices to go down by
another Dh250 by next week. The demand is not that high as consumers are waiting
for the official launch," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Festive Season Now the Apple of Tech Co's Eyes

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 538 words


New Delhi: After a tepid start to sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, there's
been a sharp turnaround with Indian buyers matching the rest of the world in
fervour for the devices. Apple is set for its best-ever quarter in local sales
thanks to promotional offers and discounts it launched before Diwali following
the lacklustre opening.

The company shipped over 413,500 of

the latest iPhones in the first month of its launch to November 15, which is
close to what Apple sold in the entire October-December quarter last year in the
fastest-growing smartphone market.

Shipments of the new iPhones made up nearly 74% of Apple's total in the month
and a half that

began October 1, according to shipment data from Cybex Exim. Apple imported
562,500 iPhones between October 1 and November 15. That compares with 500,000
units it sold in October-December 2014, its best quarter thus far.

"The initial momentum was not that strong, so Apple went in for a change and
offered discounts on the new phones," said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Research.

"But the overall demand for Apple iPhone still remains strong, thanks to the
strong aspirational value attached to the brand," said Tarun Pathak of
Counterpoint Research. Research agencies estimate that sales for the quarter
ending December may exceed 700,000 units.

Apple launched the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on Oc . 62,000-92,000
dependtober 16 at ' ing on the memory and model, . 14,000-16,000 more than in
about ' markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple admitted that the high prices may have discouraged buyers.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Apple's Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said
late last month on an earnings call about the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations in parts of the world including India.

The weak debut prompted a rethink by Apple and the announcement of a buyback
programme offering discounts of as much as

. 34,000 in early November, just be' fore Diwali. That strategy seems to have
paid off, said retailers and those in the trade.

"Our iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales were very good primarily due to the buyback
offer, which started a week before Diwali," said the chief executive of a
leading retail chain in south India. "It started out slow but because of that
offer, which we marketed very well too, we had a very good sale for Apple
phones."

The 413,500 iPhones shipped in the first month represents a trebling of the
monthly average that Apple clocked for its fiscal year ended September. During
the fis

cal year, the company shipped a record 1.7 million iPhones, or 142,000 units a
month, to India.

The most popular model has been the 16GB iPhone 6s, the cheapest of the new
phones, at 176,000 units. What has also worked for Apple is the expansion of its
retail network besides becoming more widely available online with sellers
allowed to discount prices as they see fit.

"Apple has more reach now compared with last year, so they (Apple) would make
sure that their partners have a level of inventory to manage demand,"
Counterpoint's Pathak said.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

A better iPhone experience

BYLINE: Gerard Ramos

LENGTH: 589  words


OPEN the Globe Telecom web site (www.globe.com.ph) and among the plethora of
smartphones, gadgets and services that the company offers, the one that greets
you upon landing-the gadget that takes pride of place-is none other than the
latest iteration of Apple's best-selling communications device, the iPhone 6s,
together with its big-screen (and reportedly better-selling) Plus sibling.

The premium that Globe places on the iPhone should surprise no one, given that
the company was first in line around these parts in going all in on the
then-unproven brand when Apple released the iPhone back in 2007.

Given, especially, that the iPhone has since become, arguably, the most
lusted-after smartphone in the world-and never mind that in terms of user base,
smartphones powered by Google's Android mobile OS far, far outnumber the iPhones
out there globally (according to the most recent market data from International
Data Corp., Android enjoys an 82.8 percent worldwide market share versus the
13.9 percent of iOS, the platform that fuels all iPhones).

Globe has not released any sales figures since it launched the iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus last November, but Apple fans being the way they are, and given our
collective desire for having the latest and greatest, we wouldn't be altogether
surprised if the numbers are again healthy.

That s appendage might make the recent twin releases seem iterative-and indeed
they are as far as design is concerned. But as any Apple fanboy will tell you,
the s iPhones are always infinitely much better than the non-s models (and
according to The Verge.com, Apple also says the s variants actually sell better
and last longer in the marketplace). The same holds true for this year's
releases.

Amid the hurly-burly of its Star Wars: The Force Awakens partnership as 2015
drew to a close, Globe sent us a review unit of the iPhone 6s, the gold
variant-and we can say that it feels and performs much better than the non-s
iPhone 6 issued last year. (We reviewed the iPhone 6 Plus.)

True, the iPhone 6s is not only a hair thicker than last year's model
(5.44Aâ(EURO)"2.64Aâ(EURO)"0.28 in versus 5.44Aâ(EURO)"2.64Aâ(EURO)"0.27 in) but
also notably heavier (143 g versus 129 g), but all that is totally
negligible/forgivable given what you get in return: better cameras with a
rear-facing 13-megapixel sensor (up from 8 MP), a front-facing 5-MP sensor (up
from the ridiculous 1.2-MP shooters of older models) and some nifty tricks up
their sleeve (Live Photo; turning the entire screen into a flash for selfies in
low light, among others); a glass screen that is reportedly stronger (we
couldn't summon up the nerve to conduct any kind of drop test) and made more
intelligent courtesy of 3D Touch, which brings users a whole new way of
interacting with on-screen content; and a reportedly stronger metal chassis
fashioned out of 7,000 series aluminum, a material used by the aerospace
industry (presumably so that there will no more Bendgate videos floating around
YouTube starring the iPhone 6s).

Beyond the improved cameras and the highlight 3D feature, which been welded
system-wide onto iOS, the iPhone 6s provides the kind of experience that every
Apple fanboy has grown to love, gush over and have wet dreams about.

Globe offers the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in 16GB/64GB/128GB iterations with
the company's various myLifestyle Plans that come with such goodies as free
access to various social media and messaging platforms, along with niceties with
partner services such as HOOQ and Spotify, among others.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Apple fans complain about iPhone 6s made with Samsung processors By Christine
Chou in Taipei/The China Post/13 October 2015

LENGTH: 421  words


Taipei (The China Post/ANN) - Apple fans from Taiwan and Hong Kong have
complained that iPhone 6s smartphones made with Samsung processors perform worse
than those made by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC).
Following the release of the new iPhone 6s, it has come to light that Apple had
dual-sourced its A9 processors for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus from both Samsung
and its rival TSMC. The difference between the two versions continues to be a
point of debate.
¿They are not created equal,¿ said tech journalist Andy Patrizio, writing on his
blog on IT World.com.
Users have found the TSMC chip had eight hours of battery life, while Samsung
had six hours. In addition, some lab results have shown the TSMC chip is faster
and runs cooler than the Samsung processor.
Some users said on the Internet that they were insisting on ¿TSMC only,¿ while
another user remarked, ¿If I get the Samsung version, I might as well buy a
Samsung phone.¿ However, there are others that don't find the difference too
significant, since they would ¿say goodbye¿ to the model in a year anyway.
Some Hong Kong media said the two chips appear to be unequally distributed
around the world ¿ Almost 60 per cent of iPhone 6s models sold in the United
States and Japan were made with the TSMC chips, while over 60 per cent of chips
in Hong Kong were provided by Samsung. As for Taiwan, over 80 per cent of iPhone
6s¿s allegedly run on Samsung chips.
It is not evident by looking at the packaging whether it Samsung or TSMC
supplied the processor for an individual iPhone, nor do serial codes or barcodes
offer any clues. Developers have created apps that can detect which chip your
phone operates on, such as the ¿CPU Identifier¿ offered online, free of charge.

Apple issued a statement on October 9, ¿Our testing and customer data show the
actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, even taking into
account variable component differences, vary within just 2-3 per cent of each
other.¿ Apple rebutted previous lab tests, indicating such tests were conducted
under battery-straining conditions that would be deemed ¿unrealistic¿ for
real-world use.
Amid user complaints and online debate, both Samsung and TSMC have declined to
comment on the subject.
Hong Kong media has speculated that Apple would cut down on chip orders from
Samsung in the future, and industry analysts predict that TSMC would likely gain
an upper hand in a coming deal with Apple, allowing it to become the exclusive
supplier for Apple¿s A10 processors.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2015 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

Festive Season Now the Apple of Tech Co's Eyes

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 502 words


After a tepid start to sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, there's been a sharp
turnaround with Indian buyers matching the rest of the world in fervour for the
devices. Apple is set for its best-ever quarter in local sales thanks to
promotional offers and discounts it launched before Diwali.

The smartphone maker shipped more than 413,500 of the latest iPhones in the

first month of its launch to November 15, which is close to what Apple sold in
the entire October-December quarter last year in the world's fastestgrowing
smartphone market. Shipments of the new iPhones made up nearly 74% of Apple's
total in the month and a half that began October 1, according to shipment

data from Cybex Exim. Apple imported 562,500 iPhones between October 1 and
November 15. That compares with 500,000 units it sold in the October-December
period last year, its best quarter thus far. "The initial momentum was not that
strong, so Apple went in for a change and offered discounts on the new phones,"
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

"But the overall demand for Apple iPhone still remains strong, thanks to the
strong aspirational value attached to the brand," Pathak said.

Research agencies estimate that sales for the quarter ending December may exceed
700,000 units. Apple launched the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on
October 16 at Rs 62,000-92,000 depending on the memory and model, about Rs
14,00016,000 more than in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and
Hong Kong. Apple admitted that the high prices may have discouraged buyers.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s

Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Apple's Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said
late last month on an earnings call about the impact of foreign exchange
fluctuations in parts of the world including India.

The weak debut prompted a rethink by Apple and the announcement of a buyback
programme offering discounts of as much as Rs 34,000 in early November, just
before Diwali.

That strategy seems to have paid off, said retailers and those in the trade.
"Our iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales were very good primarily due to the buyback
offer, which started a week before Diwali," said the chief executive of a
leading retail

chain in south India. "It started out slow but because of that offer, which we
mar keted very well too, we had a very good sa le for Apple phones."

The 413,500 iPhones shipped in the first month represents a trebling of the
monthly average that Apple clocked for its fiscal year ended September.

During the fiscal year, the company shipped a record 1.7 million iPhones, or
142,000 units a month, to India.

The most popular model has been the 16GB iPhone 6s, the cheapest of the new
phones, at 176,000 units. What has also worked for Apple is the expansion of its
retail network besides becoming more widely available online with sellers allo
wed to discount prices as they see fit.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Apple says iPhone 6S sales will beat last year's record

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 116 words


Sales of the latest iPhone are "on pace" to break last year's record of ten
million, Apple said yesterday. Advance orders for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus were "very strong around the world", the company said. Sales of the new
handsets, to be released on September 25, will be boosted by China, which was
not included in the launch weekend last year. The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
feature new touchscreens that detect how hard they are pressed, upgraded 12
megapixel cameras and high-definition video recording. Apple sold 74.4 million
in the quarter after last September's launch, compared with the 65 million
expected by analysts. The iPhone 6S starts at £539 and the iPhone 6S Plus at
£619.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BEN A PRUCHNIE/GETTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple launch?;

If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Donate sperm to get an iPhone 6s

LENGTH: 704  words


In today's trending, sperm banks advertise for donations with iPhone 6s as lure,
man invents hair-washing machine, giant 8-ton tofu unveiled, and drones ensure
delivery within an hour of purchase.

iPhone 6s. [Photo/Apple Inc]

Donate sperm instead of a kidney for an iPhone 6s

The joke goes that some Chinese people would donate a kidney for an iPhone 6s,
but perhaps something less costly - sperm - might get you one too. A sperm bank
in Central China's Hubei province said it would reward donors with an iPhone 6s
on its official WeChat account on Sept 14, Changjiang Times reported.

By 5:00pm on Monday, the WeChat message had been read 1,379 times. Two more
sperm banks in Shanghai also posted similar advertisements in the following
days, read over 400,000 times. However, the report did not say how many men had
actually provided sperm donations after reading the WeChat posts.

"We are looking for donors aged between 22 to 45. 5,000 yuan ($785) will be paid
for 40 ml sample of semen(the iPhone 6s is priced at 5,288 yuan on the
mainland)," the Hubei Human Sperm Bank posted beneath a photo of an iPhone 6s.
The social media posts have stirred controversy, with some saying sperm donation
is a public welfare undertaking which should not be motivated by commercial
gain, while others think it was a good way to encourage more to donate.

The recruitment of sperm donors has been difficult, said Doctor Zhu, with the
Hubei Sperm Bank, as sperm banks are not allowed to advertise on social media.

China has strict rules on the founding and managing of sperm banks, allowing
only one in each province. Lack of sperm donations has been a major issue at all
18 centers nationwide.

In our next story, a man invents a hair-washing machine.

The father of Chen Gongke using the automatic hair washing machine in Leshan,
Southwest China's Sichuan province, Sept 16, 2015. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Man invents hair-washing machine

A 38-year-old man in Southwest China has invented an automatic hair-washing
machine and received a national patent after experimenting for 16 years,
breaking 18 motorcycle helmets, Chengdu Business Daily reported.

The hair-washing machine consists of a motorcycle helmet, two water tanks and a
control panel.

The whole process of using the machine takes place in several stages. First,
water and shampoo must be sprayed in the helmets, and at the end hot air is
blown through the helmet to dry the hair.

Cheng Gongke, the inventor, said he had the idea because he wanted to make it
easier for his paralyzed grandma to wash her hair. Though it has taken him more
than a decade, his dream has finally come true.

Cheng Gongke shows the interior design of the helmet. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

The control panel. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

The whole set of equipment. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

In our next story, a giant tofu is unveiled in Anhui.

A curious crowd gathers around a giant tofu in Huainan, Anhui province, east
China, at a tofu culture event on Sept 15, 2015. [Photo/Xinhua]

Eight-ton tofu served in Anhui

Tofu fans had a bite of an eight-ton tofu at an event in Huainan city, East
China's Anhui province on Tuesday.

It took more than 50 workers seven hours to complete the super-large tofu, which
is 3.64 meters long, 3.62 meters wide and 0.4 meters tall.

Huainan city is home to tofu, which was invented in the Western Han Dynasty (206
BC-24AD), though mapo tofu has become a popular Chinese dish at home and abroad.

In our next story, a company uses drones to ensure delivery within an hour of
purchase.

A delivery man tests the drone delivery service in Jinan, East China's Shandong
province. [Photo/Chinanews.com]

Drone to deliver goods within one hour after purchase

A logistics company in Shandong has successfully tested a new super-fast
delivery service that uses drones, and will ensure delivery within an hour of
purchase, China Post News reported on Tuesday.

The tested EMS delivery by China Post arrived within an hour via a drone in
front of a dormitory at Shandong Normal University on Sept 2, after the order
was placed on EMS online.

Amazon previously announced a future "Prime Air" delivery service and it seems
that Chinese logistics companies are hot on their heels.

That's all for today's trending, do check back tomorrow for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 5:04 PM GMT

How much is the new iPhone 7 and will the iPhone 6s price drop after Apple
launch?;
If rumours are true, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus UK price shouldn't differ
too much from previous Apple smartphone releases

BYLINE: By lee bell

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 431 words


Apple is gearing up to launch its next-generation iPhone at an event in
California later today.

If the online rumour mill is anything to go by, this year it will almost
certainly be the iPhone 7 that's revealed.

There should be two iPhone 7 models announced at the launch event later today -
the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - and as with the iPhone 6 and 6S, they'll both
come with different storage options.

iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 launch LIVE: Dual-lens camera and NO headphone jack
expected at Apple event 2016

But how much will the iPhone 7 set you back?

First off, there's talk that Apple will kill of the 16GB model, meaning the
price of the cheapest (32GB) SIM free iPhone 7 could be slightly more expensive
than the iPhone 6S when it launched last year - what with it being double the
capacity of last year's iPhone 6S entry model.

iPhone 7: Release date, price, leaked pictures, and all the latest news and
rumours about Apple's new iPhone

If Apple sticks to its normal pattern, the iPhone 7 will start at £539 in the UK
- that's the same price as the 32GB iPhone 6s

From there, the next two internal storage sizes will increase the iPhone 7
price: 64GB should be £619, while the 128GB would be £699.

iPhone 7 leak claims Apple's next iPhone will charge up A LOT faster than its
predecessor

As well as slashing the 16GB model this year, Apple is expected to introduce a
new 256GB model for the first time.

It's likely Apple will decide to charge a premium for this new configuration. If
it follows the same pattern in pricing, this could set you back a whopping £779.

Rumours also suggest that if we see a 256GB model, Apple will not bother with a
64GB model, offering just three storage options - 32GB, 128GB or 256GB.

The larger iPhone 7 Plus will be even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller
sibling.

If rumours are true, the cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus will likely cost around
£679, followed by a 128GB model at £769, and then a 256GB variant costing an
astonishing £879.

iPhone 7 launch date leaked as new photos indicate a big change to the home
button

The good news for those not wanting to splash out hundreds for a brand new
smartphone is that Apple is likely to slash the price of its iPhone 6S models
after the launch of the iPhone 7.

Traditionally, Apple has taken around £100 off its previous generation
smartphones, so it's very possible that the iPhone 6s will be available from
around £450, with the iPhone 6 being discontinued.

Also note that all the UK networks will be offering contract deals shortly after
the iPhone 7 announcement, so keep your eyes peeled for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      October 26, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple releases three new star-studded iPhone 6S commercials

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 271  words


On Sunday, tech giant Apple released three new star-studded commercials -- two
short ads; and one proper minute-long commercial -- for its iPhone 6S handset.

The two new iPhone 6S ads released by Apple feature Jamie Foxx showing off the
company's Siri virtual personal assistant; while the one-minute commercial
features a brief sequence starring Golden State Warriors cager Steph Curry, the
2015 NBA MVP and two-time NBA All-Star.

Both Foxx and Curry feature in the new iPhone 6S commercial in cameo parts.

In one of the two new short ads for iPhone 6S, Foxx can be seen in interaction
with the Apple Siri virtual personal assistant with the help of the new 'Hey
Siri' feature. The new feature underscores an always-on hands-free technology
which has been made possible by the M9 motion coprocessor in iPhone 6S handset.

The other short ad featuring Foxx demonstrates Siri's capability to process
conversational interactions, which have now been augmented by Apple through the
'Hey Siri' hands-free technology.

A one-minute, narrated commercial for iPhone 6S basically highlights the iSight
and FaceTime HD cameras of the handset. The ad essentially marks Apple's return
to the "only thing that's changed is everything" theme of iPhone 6S, drawing
attention to some of the handset's upgraded specifications like 4K video
recording, and high-definition slo-mo, among others.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/apple)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 5:10 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 4:15 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           February 13, 2016 Saturday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Apple Offers Buyback Plan for Latest Phones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 333 words


In a big move to attract customers, Apple has introduced buyback scheme on the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus starting with discounts between . 9,000 and ' ' .
25,000 on a range of select models including its own, and those from Samsung,
Sony, HTC, Lumia and Google Nexus.

Beginning Valentine's Day weekend to March 26, the latest iPhones may be
available from the starting range of ' . 30,000 for . 25,000 to ' the 16 GB
iPhone 6s variant after discount, depending on the model exchanged by a
consumer. At present, the lowest variant of iPhone 6s is estimated to be
available for under ' . 52,000 offline and under . 45,000 at online sites.' The
offer will be available in 'participating merchant outlets' (read: offline
retail outlets), as per conditions mentioned on the Indiaishop.in website,
backed by Apple's official online reseller Infibeam.com.

"Apple is giving greater flexibility to distributors and retailers," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint. "They are estimating sales to be slow
and therefore, want to make use of these schemes to get sales going," he ad

ded indicating that more such offers may be in store going forward.

Apple has had a dream run in India last year, selling more than 2 million
iPhones of which 8,00,000 were sold in the October-December quarter alone -it's
best ever -where it clocked revenue growth of 38%, much faster than core markets
of the US and China.

On a granular le vel though, Apple sales lost steam in the latter half of
October to Decem ber quarter, which may have triggered the new offers for the
latest models, which were laun ched in September last year.

iPhone 6s entry le vel model with 16 GB storage was launched at a very

high price of ' . 62,000, while 64 GB and 128 GB models were launched at ' .
72,000 and ' . 82,000, respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus variants ranged between
' . 72,000 . 92,000.and ' Apple has been making aggressive price cuts on older
devices such as iPhone 5s and even cut prices on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6 and more: Top deals on premium
smartphones

BYLINE: Varun Sharma

LENGTH: 864  words


Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone SE, Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 edge: Best
online deals on the premium smartphones.

The festive season is on, and so are some of the best deals on smartphones this
year. The smartphone market has seen the launch of a few flagship devices like
the Apple iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, and has also seen the demise of another -
Samsung Galaxy Note 7. We went through the top three e-retailer websites in
India (Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart) to find you the best deals on flagship
phones - new and old, and the best offers you can get at the moment. We will be
focusing on phones from the three big tech giants - Apple, Samsung and Google.
Of course with the Note 7 out of the way, S7 and S7 edge are the flagships from
Samsung.

Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, 6 deals

Apple last month launched its much awaited iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the
devices landed on our shore on October 7. Of course, Apple has priced the
devices at a level that is higher than most other phones; even though it has
launched them at a slightly lower price than last year if you consider the
storage space has doubled.

However, the good news is that the older devices from the company have seen a
price cut after the arrival of the iPhone 7. The iPhone 5S is still retailing
near Rs 20,000, but remember this is a three year old device before you decide
to hit buy.

But if you prefer the small form factor of the 5S - the iPhone SE might be right
up your alley. The best deal on the 16GB variant of the SE is Rs 31,980 on
Amazon, which is also giving the best deal on the 64GB variant at Rs 39,212.

In you don't look too closely, the Apple iPhone 7 looks similar to the previous
two generations from the company. The 2014 launched iPhone 6 (16GB) is retailing
at Rs 36,990 on both Amazon and Flipkart, but the iPhone 6s (16GB) is now priced
at Rs 38,999 on Amazon and makes a much better deal.

Now it gets a little interesting, there is a Rs 8,000 difference between the
64GB version of both phones. The best deal on iPhone 6 (64GB) is Rs 41,999 on
Amazon, whereas the best deal for the iPhone 6s (64GB) is Rs 49,999 on Snapdeal
and Flipkart. In all honesty, 16GB of non-expandable storage on an iPhone is not
a good idea and it is recommended that go for the 64GB version with these
devices.

If however, you are in the market for the larger 5.5-inch version of the phone,
then the iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) will be the cheapest deal for you at Rs 40,145 on
Amazon. The best price of iPhone 6 Plus (64GB) is Rs 48,989 on Amazon, while the
best price of the iPhone 6s Plus (64GB) is Rs 59,999 on Flipkart. It is
important to know that even though the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus look like the 6s,
they are two year old devices. If your budget allows, try to go for the 6s or
the 6s Plus.

If buying older tech is not your style, the iPhone 7 might be a good fit for
you. The base variant of the iPhone 7 (32GB) is listed at Rs 60,000 on Amazon
and Flipkart. The phone currently shows "Coming Soon" on Flipkart even though
its available on Amazon, but remember that Flipkart is the official e-retailer
for Apple in India. Apple iPhone 7 Plus is currently unavailable across all the
three e-retailers, but is listed at Rs 72,000 (32GB) on Flipkart and is tagged
as "Coming Soon". You might have to try your luck online to get this phone.

Best offers on Samsung

If you are an Android fan and even more so a Samsung fan, you are likely upset
with the Galaxy Note 7 being axed for good. However, the Galaxy S7 and S6 are
still great offerings from the company unless you want to wait for the Galaxy S8
that is expected to launch in February.

Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge were launched earlier this year and are still the
best Android flagships. The Galaxy S7 (32GB) is available at Rs 43,400 across
all the three e-retailers, so you can choose any of them as per your liking. The
best deal on the Galaxy S7 Edge (32GB) is Rs 50,100, available on Amazon,
although Snapdeal and Flipkart have it listed at Rs 50,900 which is a slight
hike.

Just like Apple's iPhone 6, Samsung's S6 and S6 Edge are still good devices to
invest in as they will perform well. The best offer on the Galaxy S6 (32GB) is
Rs 33,700 which is available on Snapdeal, although Amazon has it at Rs 33,900.

But if you are looking for the larger S6 edge, then your best bet for the 32GB
is Snapdeal where it is priced at Rs 33,775, although Flipkart also has the
phone at Rs 34,900. The best deal on the 64GB variant will be Rs 40,499 on
Amazon, although Snapdeal also has it available for Rs 40,900. On Flipkart, the
pricing is higher at Rs 50,000.

Google Pixel devices

If you are tired of jumping between Apple and Samsung, Google's new Pixel and
Pixel XL might be something you were waiting for. Google has done away with the
'Nexus' name and the new devices are priced just as steeply as Apple and
Samsung's flagships. The phones launch in India October 13, but are already up
for pre-order on Flipkart.

Google Pixel 32GB is priced at Rs 57,000, while the 128GB variant is priced at
Rs 66,000. Google Pixel XL (32GB) will be available at Rs 67,000 and the 128GB
version will be priced at Rs 76,000. Flipkart is offering Rs 27,000 on exchange.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 4, 2015 Tuesday 8:25 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S could be THICKER than the iPhone 6 to avoid repeat of
'bendgate';
Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current iPhone model

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 229 words


The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out it bent under pressure.

Now Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy.

According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to third-party case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so they can prepare cases and
accessories for it.

They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean for the first time
Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm, according to
our source," reports uSwitch.

"Intriguingly, it also appears that the protruding camera that featured on the
iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone 6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S
Plus."

There's no current release date for the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it
will be revealed sometime next month.

Should Apple make the next iPhone thicker to avoid bending?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 4, 2015 Tuesday 8:57 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S could be THICKER than the iPhone 6 to avoid repeat of
'bendgate';
Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current iPhone model

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 229 words


The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out it bent under pressure.

Now Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy.

According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to third-party case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so they can prepare cases and
accessories for it.

They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean for the first time
Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1mm, according to
our source," reports uSwitch.

"Intriguingly, it also appears that the protruding camera that featured on the
iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone 6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S
Plus."

There's no current release date for the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it
will be revealed sometime next month.

Should Apple make the next iPhone thicker to avoid bending?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Apple's iPhone 6s: what to expect

BYLINE: Rob Morgan

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 237 words


Camera and Video. The iPhone 6S's camera got a massive upgrade with a
12-megapixel iSight camera and a two-tone flash. The increase in pixels improves
the detail in photos, but Apple claims that image quality won't be degraded
thanks to new technology like "deep trench isolation," which separates the
photodiodes to maintain accurate colours.

3D Touch. Apple's new 3D touch-enabled screen takes multitouch to the next level
by adding a third dimension: pressure. It's kind of like Force Touch on the
Apple Watch, but with special features for the iPhone and different levels of
pressure. Apple calls it "3D Touch." A light press on the screen will bring up a
preview of content, whether it be an image, a website, or an itinerary. If you
keep pressing, you'll enter the content you selected.It allows you to dip in and
out of where you are without losing context.

Faster Processor. Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are powered by the A9 64-bit
processor, which boasts a new transistor architecture for better energy
efficiency. Apple says it's 70 per cent faster than the A8 at CPU tasks, and 90
per cent faster at graphics tasks than the A8. An onboard M9 co-processor is
always on to track steps and other fitness metrics.

Pricing and Availability. Apple will sell the iPhone 6S (16GB) for $1079 and the
iPhone 6S Plus (16GB) for $1229. The new phones come out on September 25th, and
you can pre-order now on www.apple.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus is on its way, so here is a breakdown
of what to expect.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Daily National Herald Tribune

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6 battery life hugely depends on chip

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 8 -- The battery life between iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models can
vary significantly depending on which of two companies manufactured its
processor, according to reports. The recently-released new generation of iPhones
each contain a chip made by one of two manufacturers, Samsung and TSMC,
teardowns have confirmed.

It has since been reported that the TSMC processor is 10 per cent larger than
Samsung's, resulting in significant difference in battery life, according to
Anandtech. There is no way of telling which chip your iPhone 6s sports when you
first buy the handset, but America-based owners can check by using apps like
Lirum Device Info. Samsung chips are marked as N71AP in the 6s and N66AP in the
6s Plus, and TSMC's processers run under the name N71MAP in the 6s and N66MAP in
the 6s Plus. YouTuber Jonathan Morrison tested two iPhone 6s models, one with
each chip, by shooting 4K video, exporting the footage to iMovie and running
benchmark tests. The TSMC chip handset used 38 per cent of its battery, while
the Samsung model used 45 per cent - a 7 per cent difference. Austin Evans ran
the Geekbench 3 battery test on two iPhone 6s models, again with different
chips, and left the phones running to see how long it would take them to run
down to 50 per cent battery. He found the TSMC handset lasted around 50 minutes
longer, taking 2 hours, 34 minutes and 44 seconds to reach the half way point,
compared with 1 hour, 44 minutes and 18 seconds for the Samsung chip unit.
However, when playing an hour long video on each phone free from analytics,
Evans found only 1 per cent different between the pair, suggesting that while
the TSMC chip is likely to offer better.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily National Herald Tribune .
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 07:50 PM EST

iPhone SE reviews are glowing as device now available for pre-order

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 589  words


Click for image

The iPhone SE unveiling may not have been accompanied by the type of fanfare
that usually drapes iPhone announcements, but make no mistake about it - the
iPhone SE is poised to be a huge hit for Apple.

Thus far, media outlets who received test units of Apple's latest smartphone
have had nothing short of glowing reviews. And though the SE is effectively an
iPhone 6s inside of an iPhone 5/5s frame, reviewers still found plenty of
reasons to get excited.

Geoffrey A. Fowler of The Wall Street Journal, for instance, praised the
device's impressive battery life, noting that it performed better than the
iPhone 6s, 5s, and even the recently released Galaxy S7.

The standout news is battery life. Unlike many other recent Apple products, the
iPhone SE's is a significant improvement over its predecessors'. In my lab
stress test, which cycles through websites with uniform screen brightness, the
SE lasted 10 hours-more than two hours longer than both the iPhone 6s and iPhone
5s, and nearly three hours longer than the Galaxy S7.

The compromise you must accept for that performance is the SE's screen, which is
not only smaller but also packs in fewer pixels and noticeably less contrast
than the iPhone 6s.

It's worth pointing out that for many users who have been patiently waiting for
a new 4-inch iPhone to hit the scene, the SE screen is far from a compromise.
Indeed, for some users, using the gargantuan screens that adorn the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus is a compromise. Sure, the iPhone SE lacks 3D Touch, but this hardly
seems like a major gripe most users would voice.

Mashable reviewer Christina Warren also came away impressed with the new iPhone
SE. In particular, Warren seemed to recall the joys of being able to use an
iPhone one-handed, a user experience which has prompted many iPhone 5s and
iPhone 5 users to hold on to their current devices rather than upgrade.

My fingers are now used to a larger screen and it took some adjustments to get
used to typing on a smaller screen. Still, I won't lie it's nice to be able to
use a phone with one hand again. The form factor is classic and a bit of a
throwback, but it feels great too.

Apple used to vaunt the one-handed nature of its 4-inch phones. And it's true,
there is something to be said about a phone that can truly be used with one
hand. No need for reachability, no need for adjusting your hands.

And though Warren didn't conduct any controlled tests to measure battery
performance, she did casually note that battery life on the iPhone SE was
superior to the iPhone 6s.

The reality is that we don't need an onslaught of reviews to truly measure the
value proposition of the iPhone SE. After all, it comes in a familiar form
factor and essentially features the same exact internals as the iPhone 6s.

That being the case, you might be glad to know that pre-orders for Apple's
latest iPhone are open. The device can be ordered via Apple's online store and
also via Apple's 'Apple Store' app for iOS devices. Interested buyers can also
purchase the device directly from all four major U.S. carriers, including
Sprint, AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile.

The color options for the iPhone SE are standard Apple fare, with Gold, Rose
Gold, Space Gray and Silver being the four possibilities. Storage wise, there is
a 16GB model available for the unsubsidized price of $399 and a 64GB model
available for the unsubsidized price of $499. Of course, if you're trading in an
old iPhone as you make your purchase, you can get the device for even cheaper on
a monthly payment plan.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 26, 2015 Saturday 3:24 PM GMT

Watch as new iPhone 6s Plus survives 10ft drop face-down;
A tech team has tested just how tough the new smartphones are - with incredible
results

BYLINE: By Laura Connor

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 329 words


Tired of smashed phone screens? See if your new iPhone 6s will stand up to a
10FT drop

Have you managed to get your hands on a new iPhone 6s or 6s Plus yet?

If so, then this video is going to make you very happy indeed.

According to a YouTube video uploaded by TechSmart, the new smartphone 6s Plus
can survive a face-down ten-foot fall - with barely any scratches.

The tech team tested the new super-phones at a shopping centre in Australia,
showing they're an extremely hardy pair of Apple gadgets.

While the iPhone 6s, which is slighter smaller and lighter, can't quite survive
the epic ten-foot descent, it is still a pretty impressive piece of technology.

Read more: Britain is second most expensive place in world to buy iPhone 6S:
Here's how to get best deal

The video shows the new phone, with Apple's new pressure sensitive screen, can
be dropped from a six-foot height with only superficial damage.

The new phones launched in the UK yesterday to the glee of Apple fans across the
country.

A customer who had camped out all week was the first to cross the threshold of
an Apple Store as the new phones went on sale.

Sam Shaikh, from Stratford, was the first to enter the Apple Store in Covent
Garden, London, having been outside "since 8.30pm on Monday night" - while a
woman in Australia even sent a robot to queue on her behalf.

Mr Shaikh, 29, was greeted by claps and cheers from the staff, as they welcomed
the first of several hundred customers waiting outside.

Mr Shaikh said he was also the first person in the queue last year when the
iPhone 6 launched.

Apple iphone 6 release

In Birmingham, Callum Edward-Williams, 22, slept outside the store in the
Bullring shopping centre in the city to be the first to get his hands on the
gadget.

The new phones come with a touch aluminium casing to prevent a repetition of
"Bendgate".

Some iPhone 6 Plus mobiles warped when put in back pockets, but the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus are designed to stay in shape - even from a significant height.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        China Daily (Hong Kong Edition)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

Mainland Apple fans in for a special treat

BYLINE: Luo Weiteng in Hong Kong and Zhou Mo in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 680  words


Apple fans on the mainland are over the moon - they'll be able to get hold of
the long-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models within this year as the
mainland has been included in the first batch of countries and regions to sell
the US tech giant's new next-generation iPhones.

Demand hits fever pitch as the mainland prepares to join the first batch to
market tech giant's latest iPhones

Apple fans on the mainland are over the moon - they'll be able to get hold of
the long-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models within this year as the
mainland has been included in the first batch of countries and regions to sell
the US tech giant's new next-generation iPhones.

At its annual showcase of new products in San Francisco on Thursday, Apple
offered the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of which are of the
same size as that of the large-screen phones introduced last year.

While the flagship smartphone's external casing has not undergone any change,
internal updates include a new camera and a faster fingerprint reader and
accelerated A9 processor, coupled with the biggest new feature of Apple's "3-D
Touch" - a new way of manipulating the phone depending on how hard you press.

Speaking at the launch event, Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company's iPhone
sales on the Chinese mainland in the last quarter grew by 75 percent
year-over-year - more than double the growth rate in other markets.

With demand for the new iPhones reaching fever pitch on the mainland, Cook said
he expected this market to "represent an unprecedented opportunity" for Apple.

At Shenzhen's Huaqiangbei commercial district - one of the mainland's largest
smartphone gray markets - vendors are set for a sales boom with the launch of
the two latest iPhone models.

According to a vendor surnamed Lin at a Huaqiangbei shop, a 16 GB iPhone 6s
could fetch more than 9,000 yuan ($1,411.7), with prices of a rose gold iPhone
6s handset outstripping those of three other colors.

Another vendor told China Daily that 16 GB iPhones 6s of four different colors
are already going at a single gray-market price of 9,580 yuan - 4,000 yuan more
than the original price.

However, Lin said it's still difficult to estimate the market price for the new
iPhones at the moment due to the heavy fluctuation. It would also depend on
market reaction as was the case when the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models made
their debut last year.

In previous years, iPhones had gone on sale on the mainland much later than
other markets due to difficulties in reaching an agreement over the license
application with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.

The delay, combined with high demand, triggered speculation, with many vendors
attracted by the huge potential profits of reselling the phones smuggled in from
other markets, including Hong Kong.

This time around, however, demand may be short-lived and less than expected, as
the mainland and Hong Kong are both listed among the 12 first-wave countries and
regions for the sale of the latest flagship smartphones.

Preorders will be accepted from Saturday and sales will kick off on Sept 25.

The new iPhones would normally fetch high gray-market prices in Hong Kong before
their official release.

At Sin Tat Plaza in Mong Kok, dealers estimated that the first units of the rose
gold 16 GB iPhone 6s model could cost HK$5,000 or HK$6,000 more than its
original price of HK$5,588. Models of other colors could fetch HK$2,000 or
HK$3,000 more.

The mainland's three largest telecommunication companies rolled out their
preorder services on Thursday.

According to data from China Mobile's website, more than 140,000 mainland
customers had already placed orders for the new iPhones online as of Thursday
evening.

Contact the writers at sophia@chinadailyhk.com

Customers try iMac desktop computers at an Apple store on the mainland. Mainland
dealers say a 16 GB iPhone 6s model could fetch more than 9,000 yuan ($1,411.7)
in the early stage of sales. Photo / IC

(HK Edition 09/11/2015 page8)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1495/5/144193713067.jpg

0013729e4abe175c78ab51.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1495


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone SE is almost like the 6s, just smaller

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 235 words


APPLE IPHONE SE
 $658 (16GB), $828 (64GB)

The Apple iPhone SE is basically an iPhone 5s updated with the innards of the
iPhone 6s.

On the outside, the SE looks exactly the same as the iPhone 5s, with the same
button placement, such as the round volume buttons on the left hand side and the
power/wake button on the top right.

But inside, the SE packs a much faster A9 processor, an updated M9 motion
co-processor and a better 12-megapixel rear camera than the one found in the
iPhone 5s.

So, you are getting the faster speed and better graphics performance of the
iPhone 6s, but in a smaller form factor.

On the downside, the iPhone SE still uses the first-generation Touch ID found in
iPhone 5s. This means it is a tad slower than the iPhone 6sduring unlocking (by
around 0.5sec).

The SE's 4-inch display has the same 1,136 x 640 pixels resolution as the iPhone
5s, but without 3D Touch support. However, the SE's camera is still able to
shoot 4K videos and Live Photos as well as 63-megapixel panoramic shots. In
terms of image quality, it is on par with the iPhone 6s.

But the SE's front-facing camera stays 1.2-megapixel instead of being updated to
the 5-megapixel camera found on iPhone 6s. So, images of selfies and FaceTime
Web chats continue to look "low-res".

If you prefer a small iPhone, then the iPhone SE has to be your pick. But it is
by no means mid-range when it comes to the 64GB model.

Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The SE looks like the iPhone 5s, but packs the faster speed and better
graphics of the 6s.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                              June 7, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6s rumored to be unveiled on September 25

LENGTH: 410  words


The smartphone is expected to feature a 12 MP rear camera sensor, better
resolution and will be powered by Apple's A9 SoC

By tbreak Staff -

[Update]: The updated rumored release date of Apple iPhone 6s is going to be
September 8, according to individuals who are very close to the source of
information. Pre-orders of iPhone 6s will commence on September 8, and the
smartphone units will begin to ship on September 25th.

Several rumors have sprouted concerning the hardware specifications of both
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, including a 1440p display being rendered on the
latter, but perhaps the biggest one surrounding one of the most anticipated
smartphone duo of 2015 happens to be their release date. According to a source,
the release date of iPhone 6s happens to be September 25, and consumers can rest
assured that the device's older screen size brother will be unveiled alongside
it too, assuming the release date happens to be true.

Apple's WWDC 2015 event is going to kick off on June 8, which is going to
showcase the upcoming mobile operating system update that is going to run inside
both smartphones; iOS 9. While the following has not been confirmed, it is
possible that additional insights are provided during the event on whether or
not the release date of iPhone 6s happens to be true or not.

Previous details of iOS 9 suggest that Apple's diligent software developers are
going to tweak the update in order to provide performance improvements and bugs
fixes that were still prevailing on iOS 8. Instead of stuffing additional
features which more than half the iPhone consumer populace is not going to end
up using, it is prudent thinking on Apple's part to bring in some long-awaited
improvements to its fluid operating system.

Other details that the smartphone universe might bear witness to on September 25
will be that that the iPhone 6s duo will be the first ever pair of Apple's
offerings to sport a 12 MP rear camera sensor. Additionally, 2 GB of RAM is
expected to be present underneath the hood of these devices, along with the
'ever powerful' Apple A9 SoC, which is being fabricated on Samsung's 14nm FinFET
process.

While consumers will eagerly be waiting for a September 25 release date, it
cannot be confirmed as yet because the news has to be treated as it is; a rumor.
Perhaps more facts will be brought to light during the WWDC event. For now, it
is pointless to get your hopes elevated without a confirmation from the company
itself.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Here's How Much The Apple iPhone 6s Models Will Cost In India

BYLINE: Sheldon

LENGTH: 301  words


Apple never failed to wow its audiences (and this time there were many Windows
10 users among them as well). And with the iPhone 6s, and its new features on
both models, Apple is expected to keep the sales momentum going, even if these
were subtle improvements at best.

The iPhone 6s has taken a big leap in terms of hardware as expected. And this
will boost buyer confidence thanks to the new 3D Touch feature, which seems
gimmicky at first, but will attract buyers when combined with the improved
hardware.

For now the prices have been announced for the US market. But that does not keep
us from taking at shot at guessing its estimated prices in India. This is more
so, because it was a similar scenario with the iPhone 6 launch last year.

So here are the estimated iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus prices keeping last
year's announcement and launch differences in mind.

iPhone 6s:

16 GB: US Price : Rs 43,246 : est. India Price: Rs 56,746

64 GB: US Price: Rs 49,909 : est. India Price: Rs 66,409

128 GB: US Price: Rs 56,573 : est. India Price: Rs 76,073

iPhone 6s Plus:

16 GB: US Price: Rs 49,909 : est. India Price: Rs 66,409

64 GB: US Price: Rs 56,573 : est. India Price: Rs 76,073

128 GB: US Price: Rs 63,236 : est. India Price: Rs 85,736

Both models will be available in Space Gray, Silver, Gold and the new Rose Gold
option.

Pre-orders in the US begin from the 12th of September. Currently, the Apple
India website has a 'coming soon' banner posted on its product pages, but expect
things to change in a week or so with an expected launch date.

We expect pre-orders to begin around the 7th of October like last year. This is
expected to happen within a month's time, considering Apple's growing interest
(http://www.techtree.com/content/news/9502/apple-open-exclusive-stores-india.htm
l) in the Indian smartphone market.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Huawei takes on iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 724 words


Huawei has just released the Mate S.

Pat Pilcher compares the device to the iPhone 6S Plus.

--------------------

Huawei has been making a big push at the top end of the smartphone market and
now it has another offering - the Mate S. So how does its new smartphone stack
up against a flagship device like the iPhone 6S Plus?

DESIGN

The Mate S features a brushed alloy body, topped with Gorilla Glass. Its curved
back and chamfered edges make it comfortable in the hand. It's not a small
phone, but it isn't unwieldy. It measures 2.65mm at its thinnest point and 7.2mm
at its thickest point. At 149.9mm x 75.3mm, it is smaller than the iPhone 6s
Plus (158.2mm x 77.9mm x 7.3mm). Both have 5.5-inch displays. The iPhone 6S Plus
is no slouch in the design department. It also features an alloy body, and its
design incorporates soft edges for more comfy use. It may have attracted scorn
for looking identical to the iPhone 6, but it feels sturdier than its
predecessor.

Winner: Tie. Both have great designs.

DISPLAY

The 5.5-inch display on the Mate S delivers dark blacks and crisp whites with
vivid colours. Viewing angles are good, and it is bright enough for use on sunny
days. Huawei opted for a 1080p display with a pixel density of 401ppi. Apple
also chose the same resolution but went for LCD which doesn't quite deliver the
same contrast levels. However, colour accuracy is quite good.

Winner: Huawei, due to its energy efficiency and contrast/ colour capabilities.

PERFORMANCE

While both smartphones offer 16GB base capacities, the iPhone doesn't have
storage expansion. The Mate S can take up to 128GB of Micro SD card storage. A
speed test saw the iPhone just outperform the Mate S.

Winner: Apple. When it comes to processing grunt, iPhone 6S wins.

CAMERA

Camera sensors are a specification that phone shoppers often focus on. The
Huawei Mate S is well appointed on the photography front. It has a 13MP image
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a two- tone flash and zippy autofocus. On
the downside, it doesn't record 4K video. The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a 12MP
sensor, but is otherwise comparable to the Mate S camera specifications. The 6s
Plus can shoot 4K video. Apple's camera software did, however, feel "janky"
compared to the shooter app on the Mate S.

Winner: Apple (by a hair) thanks to its 4K video shooting.

FINGERPRINT SENSOR

Smartphones contain a huge amount of personal information. Keeping that
information secure is vital. Passwords, pin numbers and unlock patterns are
guessable. Fingerprints are harder to spoof. The Mate S comes with a rear-
mounted fingerprint sensor. Its location is where most users will find their
fingers when they pick up the phone. In use, its sensor was less flummoxed by
wet hands or finger movement on the sensor. Huawei has also added fingerprint
sensor gestures. These allow the user to use the sensor to take photos, scroll,
or pull down the notification drawer. The iPhone's fingerprint sensor is on its
front. I'd often find my damp dabs confused it.

Winner: Huawei. Sensor accuracy and functionality makes the Mate S a dab hand
with prints.

BATTERY LIFE

CPUs are becoming more energy efficient and software optimisation is helping
too. Demand for slimmer phones has seen manufacturers shrinking batteries. . The
iPhone 6S Plus has a 2750mAh battery and the Mate S has a 2700mAh battery.
Apple's iOS 9 now features a Power Saving feature, which extends battery life,
equating to just over 11 hours. The Mate S has similar capabilities which
delivered just over 12 hours.

Winner: Huawei: With typical use, the Mate S edged ahead of the Apple 6s Plus.

PRICE

Price is a huge consideration for buyers. The 64GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't cheap at
$1399. The Huawei Mate S is just a shade more affordable, retailing for $1349.
Both phones do offer a lot of functionality for the price.

Winner: Huawei, which just pips Apple 6S at the pricing post.

VERDICT

Comparing Apple and Huawei highlights just how close both devices are with
specifications and price. Huawei's price, battery life, display and fingerprint
sensor saw it ahead of Apple in four out of seven categories. While Apple's
camera and CPU outshone Huawei, both tied when it came to design. Huawei has
come a long way.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 6S Plus, left, lost four out of seven categories, making the Huawei
Mate S the winner.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Huawei takes on iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 724 words


Huawei has just released the Mate S.

Pat Pilcher compares the device to the iPhone 6S Plus.

--------------------

Huawei has been making a big push at the top end of the smartphone market and
now it has another offering - the Mate S. So how does its new smartphone stack
up against a flagship device like the iPhone 6S Plus?

DESIGN

The Mate S features a brushed alloy body, topped with Gorilla Glass. Its curved
back and chamfered edges make it comfortable in the hand. It's not a small
phone, but it isn't unwieldy. It measures 2.65mm at its thinnest point and 7.2mm
at its thickest point. At 149.9mm x 75.3mm, it is smaller than the iPhone 6s
Plus (158.2mm x 77.9mm x 7.3mm). Both have 5.5-inch displays. The iPhone 6S Plus
is no slouch in the design department. It also features an alloy body, and its
design incorporates soft edges for more comfy use. It may have attracted scorn
for looking identical to the iPhone 6, but it feels sturdier than its
predecessor.

Winner: Tie. Both have great designs.

DISPLAY

The 5.5-inch display on the Mate S delivers dark blacks and crisp whites with
vivid colours. Viewing angles are good, and it is bright enough for use on sunny
days. Huawei opted for a 1080p display with a pixel density of 401ppi. Apple
also chose the same resolution but went for LCD which doesn't quite deliver the
same contrast levels. However, colour accuracy is quite good.

Winner: Huawei, due to its energy efficiency and contrast/ colour capabilities.

PERFORMANCE

While both smartphones offer 16GB base capacities, the iPhone doesn't have
storage expansion. The Mate S can take up to 128GB of Micro SD card storage. A
speed test saw the iPhone just outperform the Mate S.

Winner: Apple. When it comes to processing grunt, iPhone 6S wins.

CAMERA

Camera sensors are a specification that phone shoppers often focus on. The
Huawei Mate S is well appointed on the photography front. It has a 13MP image
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a two- tone flash and zippy autofocus. On
the downside, it doesn't record 4K video. The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a 12MP
sensor, but is otherwise comparable to the Mate S camera specifications. The 6s
Plus can shoot 4K video. Apple's camera software did, however, feel "janky"
compared to the shooter app on the Mate S.

Winner: Apple (by a hair) thanks to its 4K video shooting.

FINGERPRINT SENSOR

Smartphones contain a huge amount of personal information. Keeping that
information secure is vital. Passwords, pin numbers and unlock patterns are
guessable. Fingerprints are harder to spoof. The Mate S comes with a rear-
mounted fingerprint sensor. Its location is where most users will find their
fingers when they pick up the phone. In use, its sensor was less flummoxed by
wet hands or finger movement on the sensor. Huawei has also added fingerprint
sensor gestures. These allow the user to use the sensor to take photos, scroll,
or pull down the notification drawer. The iPhone's fingerprint sensor is on its
front. I'd often find my damp dabs confused it.

Winner: Huawei. Sensor accuracy and functionality makes the Mate S a dab hand
with prints.

BATTERY LIFE

CPUs are becoming more energy efficient and software optimisation is helping
too. Demand for slimmer phones has seen manufacturers shrinking batteries. . The
iPhone 6S Plus has a 2750mAh battery and the Mate S has a 2700mAh battery.
Apple's iOS 9 now features a Power Saving feature, which extends battery life,
equating to just over 11 hours. The Mate S has similar capabilities which
delivered just over 12 hours.

Winner: Huawei: With typical use, the Mate S edged ahead of the Apple 6s Plus.

PRICE

Price is a huge consideration for buyers. The 64GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't cheap at
$1399. The Huawei Mate S is just a shade more affordable, retailing for $1349.
Both phones do offer a lot of functionality for the price.

Winner: Huawei, which just pips Apple 6S at the pricing post.

VERDICT

Comparing Apple and Huawei highlights just how close both devices are with
specifications and price. Huawei's price, battery life, display and fingerprint
sensor saw it ahead of Apple in four out of seven categories. While Apple's
camera and CPU outshone Huawei, both tied when it came to design. Huawei has
come a long way.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 6S Plus, left, lost four out of seven categories, making the Huawei
Mate S the winner.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Daily Record and Sunday Mail

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

WHICH IS THE BEST CONTRACT DEAL FOR IPHONE 6s and 6s PLUS?

BYLINE: RUKI SAYID AND TRICIA PHILLIPS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 54,55

LENGTH: 205 words


APPLE have smashed all sales records with 13million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
handsets sold worldwide just three days after their much-hyped launch.

The latest must-have smartphones outstripped last year's sales of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus by three million - and they beat the 5s and 5c by four million.

But savvy phone fans looking for the best deals on the hottest handset of the
year should check our guide before buying - because even the value-formoney
deals can vary by more than £100 over two years.

We teamed up with price comparison website uSwitch to find five of the best
contract offers over two years for the 6s and 6s Plus. The website's telecoms
expert Ernest Doku said: "Choosing the right iPhone 6s deal can be a minefield.

"Some require you to pay a bit towards the handset up front, others absorb the
cost of the phone into your monthly bills.

"The iPhone 6s Plus is no different to the 6s, bar a slightly larger screen.

"If you can live without those extra millimetres, you'll make a saving.

"And if you can't afford the iPhone 6s, there are some fantastic deals on older
models as well as other flagship smartphones that are cheaper.

"It's well worth checking out the HTC One M9, Samsung Galaxy S6 or S6 Edge and
the LG G4."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2015 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6-6s/
#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-iphone
-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-iphone
-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6-6s/
#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Pokémon Go draining your iPhone battery?;
These four battery pack/charger cases will keep you in the game longer and
protect the device.;
PRODUCT REVIEWS

BYLINE: By CNET.com

SECTION: ; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 544 words


The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery life. An
indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels.

The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy design and
charges your iPhone in a relatively short time. MCT PHOTOS

The Incipio Offgrid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and powers up your
phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a full
charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

If your iPhone's battery is draining like crazy because of Pokémon Go, check out
these charger cases so you can keep catching 'em all.

Mophie Juice Pack Plus for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/mophie-juicepack-plus-for-iphone-6-6s/
#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Mophie Juice Pack Plus more than doubles your iPhone's battery
life. An indicator light helps you keep tabs on power levels, and its burly
plastic construction protects against drops.

The bad: The case is pricey and its matte finish attracts fingerprints.

The cost: $119.95

The bottom line: Mophie's backup battery case remains one of the best in the
biz, but it's pricier than others, so consider it an investment.

Trianium Atomic S Battery Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/trianium-atomic-s-battery-case-for-iphone
-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The inexpensive Trianium Atomic S Battery Case has a simple, unfussy
design and charges your iPhone in a relatively short time.

The bad: The large opening in the back of the case is no deal breaker, but it
does look jarring.

The cost: $38.13 to $38.99

The bottom line: Affordable and well designed, the Trianium Atomic S Battery
Case is the top iPhone battery case for its price range.

OtterBox Resurgence Power Case for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/otterbox-resurgence-power-case-for-iphone
-6-6s/#ftag=CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The OtterBox Resurgence Power Case powers up your iPhone to nearly a
full charge, all while protecting it from rough drops and bumps.

The bad: The accessory takes some wrangling to attach and detach, and it isn't
as elegant-looking as other battery cases. After a fall, the case can pop apart.

The cost: $36.73

The bottom line: The Otter-Box Resurgence Power Case is a good choice for power
and protection, but if you don't need that much durability, consider something
with a sleeker design.

Incipio Offgrid Express for iPhone 6/6S

Product Review: www.cnet.com/products/incipio-offgridexpress-for-iphone-6-6s/
#ftag=-CAD187281f

CNET rating: 4 stars out of 5 (Excellent)

The good: The Incipio Off-grid Express will fully charge the iPhone once and
powers up your phone's battery just as well as more expensive chargers.

The bad: The case has a few inelegant open seams that look unattractive and
awkward.

The cost: $43.09

The bottom line: The Incipio Offgrid Express has some design flaws, but get this
over the pricier Mophie Juice Pack.

The following CNET staff contributed to this story: Senior Associate Editor Lynn
La and Senior Editor Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology
products, please visit www.cnet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

WHICH IS THE BEST CONTRACT DEAL FOR IPHONE 6s and 6s PLUS?

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 30,31

LENGTH: 204 words


Apple has smashed all sales records with 13 million iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
handsets sold worldwide just three days after its much hyped launch.

The latest must-have smartphones outstripped last year's sales of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus by three million - and it beat the 5s and 5c by four million.

But savvy phone fans looking for the best deals on the hottest handset of the
year should check our guide before buying - because even the value-formoney
deals can vary by more than £100 over two years.

We teamed up with price comparison website uSwitch to find five of the best
contract offers over two years for the 6s and 6s Plus. The website's telecoms
expert Ernest Doku said: "Choosing the right iPhone 6s deal can be a minefield.

"Some require you to pay a bit towards the handset up front, others absorb the
cost of the phone into your monthly bills.

"The iPhone 6s Plus is no different to the 6s, bar a slightly larger screen.

"If you can live without those extra millimetres you'll make a saving.

"And if you can't afford the iPhone 6s, there are some fantastic deals on older
models, as well as other flagship smartphones, that are cheaper.

"It's well worth checking out the HTC One M9, Samsung Galaxy S6 or S6 Edge and
the LG G4."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s hits store shelves in S. Korea '

LENGTH: 331 words


Apple Inc.'s two latest smartphones went on sale in South Korea on Friday, with
the industry poised to keep close tabs on the market for possible overheating on
the retail front.

The country's three major mobile carriers -- SK Telecom Co., KT Corp. and LG
Uplus Inc. -- released the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for sale via their
respective retail stores nationwide.

The iPhone 6s is available for 720,000 won ($635) for the 16GB model and 1.14
million won for the 128GB, given the subsidy of about 130,000 won, according to
the telecom companies.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plus starts from 999,000 won and runs to 1.26 million
won depending on the phone's storage capacity.

The mobile carriers each held a launching event for the new iPhone series
earlier in the day, offering various promotions and free gifts to woo consumers.

The release of a new iPhone series usually draws heated interest here among
consumers, including Apple loyalists, and the entire industry.

Huge demand for the new iPhones has been a trigger for the mobile carriers to
risk giving large sums of rebates that passed the legal limit in order to steal
customers away from rivals.

In October last year, the government came up with a new handset subsidy law to
curb the excessive paybacks. Yet it proved to be less than effective when the
iPhone 6 series went on sales later in that month and retail vendors began to
splurge subsidies.

Industry watchers are paying close attention again this time as to how the
market will response to the two upgraded iPhones, although many bet that there
won't be as much of a fuss as the previous releases due to tougher market
conditions.

The online presales of the iPhone 6s series, which ran through this week, ended
in early closures as they sold out in the first few minutes of the start.

Of the early purchases, 30.4 percent booked the new rose gold model, while
preorders for the silver iPhone 6s Plus came in at mere 0.1 percent, according
to one of the mobile carriers. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6s hits store shelves in S. Korea '

LENGTH: 331 words


Apple Inc.'s two latest smartphones went on sale in South Korea on Friday, with
the industry poised to keep close tabs on the market for possible overheating on
the retail front.

The country's three major mobile carriers -- SK Telecom Co., KT Corp. and LG
Uplus Inc. -- released the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for sale via their
respective retail stores nationwide.

The iPhone 6s is available for 720,000 won ($635) for the 16GB model and 1.14
million won for the 128GB, given the subsidy of about 130,000 won, according to
the telecom companies.

The price of the iPhone 6s Plus starts from 999,000 won and runs to 1.26 million
won depending on the phone's storage capacity.

The mobile carriers each held a launching event for the new iPhone series
earlier in the day, offering various promotions and free gifts to woo consumers.

The release of a new iPhone series usually draws heated interest here among
consumers, including Apple loyalists, and the entire industry.

Huge demand for the new iPhones has been a trigger for the mobile carriers to
risk giving large sums of rebates that passed the legal limit in order to steal
customers away from rivals.

In October last year, the government came up with a new handset subsidy law to
curb the excessive paybacks. Yet it proved to be less than effective when the
iPhone 6 series went on sales later in that month and retail vendors began to
splurge subsidies.

Industry watchers are paying close attention again this time as to how the
market will response to the two upgraded iPhones, although many bet that there
won't be as much of a fuss as the previous releases due to tougher market
conditions.

The online presales of the iPhone 6s series, which ran through this week, ended
in early closures as they sold out in the first few minutes of the start.

Of the early purchases, 30.4 percent booked the new rose gold model, while
preorders for the silver iPhone 6s Plus came in at mere 0.1 percent, according
to one of the mobile carriers. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

New iPhone 6s bug lets hackers access photos and contacts

BYLINE: Sam Shedden

LENGTH: 371  words


A new iPhone 6s bug has been found that lets anyone access your photos and
contacts. Here's how to stop it.

Multiple users of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are reporting a new Siri bug that
has the potential to let anyone access pictures and stored contacts on the phone
even when it is locked.

What is the bug?

The bug is similar to other flaws in the iOS that have been
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-issues-advice-over-error-53-message-1-
4022959| exploited in the past.}

The hacker asks Siri to find tweets including an email address. Once a suitable
tweet is found, the iPhone's 3D Touch can be used to add that address to a
contact - a process that opens up the entire address book.

When selecting a contact to add the email address to, the user can choose any of
the stored contacts on the iPhone, revealing their phone numbers, email or
addresses. And by selecting an option to edit a contact's profile photo, they
can access the entire photo library.

READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/future-scotland/tech/new-affordable-iphone
-expected-to-be-unveiled-on-monday-1-4078145 | New affordable iPhone expected to
be unveiled on Monday}

Specialist Apple news site, {http://9to5mac.com/2016/04/04/new-iphone-6s
-passcode-bypass-access-photos-contacts-how-to-protect-yourself/?utm_source=dlvr
.it&utm_medium=twitter| 9to5Mac}, stress that on the whole there is no reason to
be overly worried as the odds of getting hacked are very slim.

Am I at risk?

The bypass only works on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, because those devices
feature 3D Touch, which is used for this particular variant of the passcode
bypass trick.

So if you don't have either of these models you have nothing to worry about.

You can check if your phone is susceptible to the passcode bypass by following
the steps in the video above.

READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/world/apple-celebrates-40th-anniversay-1-4087233 |
Apple celebrates 40th anniversary}

How can I protect my phone?

Turn off Siri's access to your phone when it is locked.

Apple eggheads will likely be working on solution to this bug, but for now the
only way to prevent it is to disable Siri functions.  Go to Settings, then
Privacy, then select Photos and deselect Siri.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 497 words


Fujifilm X-T2

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

$2,599 (body only), available from Sept 8

Fujifilm has launched the X-T2, the successor to its critically acclaimed,
two-year-old X-T1. It retains most of the SLR-like design of its predecessor but
has added a rear joystick for easy change of focusing points.

It has been upgraded with a new 24.3-megapixel X-Trans CMOS III APS-C image
sensor and the latest X-Processor Pro image processor and has two SD-card slots.

mophie juice pack wireless for iPhone 6/6 Plus

IPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139 (iPhone 6s/6), $179 (iPhone 6s Plus/6 Plus)

Add more juice and wireless charging to your Apple iPhone 6s or 6s Plus with the
mophie juice pack wireless battery case.

With a 1,560mAh (iPhone 6/6s) or a 2,420mAh (iPhone 6/6s Plus) built-in
rechargeable battery, it offers over 50 per cent more battery life as well as
protection for your iPhone.

During charging, the juice pack wireless will provide power to your iPhone first
before it starts to recharge itself.

Onkyo E700M

IN-EAR HEADPHONES

$139

For audiophiles who listen to high-resolution audio (High-Res) the Onkyo E700M
is worth checking out. Said to be optimised for High-Res playback, it comes with
13.5mm drivers that are tuned to bring out crisp details and subtle nuances,
while its lightweight aluminium housing is built to eliminate unwanted
vibrations that might mar the sound.

It comes with three different-sized ergonomically shaped silicone ear tips and a
tangle-free cable with an in-line remote-and-mic unit.

Aztech PSD500

STORAGE DONGLE

$99, available this month

You can now create your own personal cloud with the Aztech PSD500. Dubbed the
Personal Storage Dongle, it has an Ethernet port at one end and a USB port at
the other.

This allows you to connect any USB hard drive (up to 2TB) to the PSD500, and
hook the PSD500 to your router to create your own cloud storage. You can then
access your files using the Aztech Storage app (available on both Android and
iOS) on your smartphone anywhere, as long as you have an Internet connection.

PowerColor Red Devil Radeon RX 470 4GB GDDR5

GRAPHICS CARD

$319

The PowerColor Red Devil RX 470 graphics card features 4GB of GDDR5 memory with
2,048 stream processors and 1,750MHz clock speed for great gaming performance.
It uses the new Double Blade III cooling fan, which has more blades than
conventional fans, to increase airflow and prevent dust deposition.

This Red Devil also supports the latest graphics technologies, such as DirectX
12, Vulkan, FreeSync and Liquid VR.

Mosclean

HOME APPLIANCE

$88

Unlike traditional mosquito traps that use harmful chemical sprays or a
high-voltage metal grid, the Mosclean is a safer and more environmentally
friendly version.

Using ultra-violet LEDs with an optimised light wavelength and a special coating
that produces carbon dioxide (as bait) through a photo-catalytic reaction, the
Mosclean is said to attract and kill three times more mosquitoes than
conventional traps in lab tests.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fujifilm X-T2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday
                               Bangalore Edition

E-tailers expect to earn Rs.3k cr from iPhone sales

BYLINE: John.Sarkar@timesgroup.com

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 303 words


After brickand-mortar retailers, it's now the turn of India's e-tailing giants
to gear up for Apple's 6S and 6S Plus launch, which is slated to rake in
domestic revenues in excess of Rs 6,000 crore for the US tech company .Apple
plans to sell more than 10 lakh units of its new phone in India, and half of it
is expected to happen through the online route. This will also reduce the
chances of offline retailers charging a scarcity premium, say industry experts.

The new phones will hit the shelves on October 16 at a price ranging between Rs
62,000 for the 16GB iPhone 6S and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB iPhone 6S Plus. While
offline retailers have already started taking bookings for the launch, their
online counterparts have readied a war chest that includes deli very on launch
day , cashbacks, assured buybacks

and great trade-in values.

For instance, Snapdeal, one of Apple's largest partners here, is bundling an
interesting assured buyback offer with the iPhone 6S."Within six months of
purchase, if you want to sell your phone we will pay you 50% of its value and
40% after that, till 15 months," said Karan Khara, VP, strategic alliances,
Snapdeal. "We won't be offering discounts in the beginning and most of the
competition between etailers will take place on the basis of stock availability
, delivery on the day of launch and cashbacks."

Snapdeal has assured delivery on the first day of the phone's India launch to
its pre-booked customers who complete payment by 4pm on October 15.

Paytm is looking at a business of Rs Rs 150-200 crore from the iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus. While Croma, one of India's largest electronics goods chain, is charging
Rs 1,000 for pre-booking the iPhone 6S, an online shopper can book it on Paytm
for Rs 2,000.

Similarly, Flipkart has gone live with iPhone 6S pre-bookings from Thursday
night.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 27, 2015 Sunday

What makes the iPhone 6s better?;
Is the 6s a significant improvement over the iPhone 6?

BYLINE: Annika Fredrikson Staff

SECTION: Technology

LENGTH: 432 words


The S versions of iPhones aren't known for being significant improvements over
their predecessors. Is the iPhone 6s any different? Some say yes.

"The iPhone 6s can only be seen as 'boring' by some because it has the same
design as the iPhone 6. But everything else is different, making it a much
better proposition to buyers than last year's phone," says Chris Smith, writer
for Boy Genius Report, a site that focuses on the mobile and consumer electronic
markets.

While the design of the 6s looks a lot like that of the 6, the new model does
have a few hardware upgrades. Not only did it gain some weight, it's made from
different metal and has a stronger screen. The model also houses a new A9
processor and has 2GB of RAM.

In what was dubbed "Bendgate," the iPhone 6 drew criticism for bending under
stress. The new iPhone 6s is manufactured from Series 7000 aluminum which means
"bends are a sign of the past," says Forbes' Gordon Kelly. The stronger screen
should also lessen the chances of screen cracks, as Apple claims it's made from
the most durable glass in the smartphone industry, reports Joanna Stern for The
Wall Street Journal.

One of the most significant changes though comes in the form of 3D Touch.
Comparative to a mouse right click, 3D Touch allows the user to bring up
shortcut options based on the amount of pressure applied to an app's icon. A
"deep" press on the email app for example gives you a preview of the email
without fully entering the app, whereas a "deeper" press will open the app full
screen.

3D Touch also allows for cursor control. "In a text entry field, press on the
keyboard and you can slide your finger around as a cursor, to make text editing
easier," says Gizmag.

But Mr. Kelly says "3D Touch is unlikely to come into its own until the iPhone
7."

Additionally, the iPhone 6s introduces the Live Photos capability. When taking a
photo, a bit of live action on either end gets saved. That means when you take a
look back at photos, you can essentially watch a short video of the moments just
before and after your snapshot.

Ms. Stern also points out, "The new Touch ID fingerprint sensor is at least
twice as fast. You barely place your finger on the button and you're in."

But reviewers don't come to an overall consensus. Mr. Smith says the iPhone 6s
is "Apple's best ever S update yet." On the other hand, Stern concludes, "It is
a slightly better iPhone - that must be what the S stands for."

"Right now they look a lot like other S-year iPhone updates: better than last
year's models, but owners of those phones will do just fine standing pat," says
Gizmag.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                               Advertiser Edition

Fresh byte of the...

BYLINE: Rod Chester

SECTION: OPED; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1224  words


Hoping to reinvent the way we communicate, Apple has unveiled its latest gadgets
in San Francisco in what it called the biggest innovation since the iPad was
launched. Rod Chester was there.

APPLE promised a day of "monster" announcements and has delivered with a giant
iPad, a revamped smarter Apple TV and two new iPhones that are smarter, faster
and tougher than ever.

In one of its biggest days of hardware announcements in recent years, Apple CEO
Tim Cook yesterday unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the 12-inch iPad Pro and
a revamped Apple TV which, with its own app store, is Apple's push to grab a
slice of the US$34 billion games console market.

In what is likely to be the last Apple event in a year that began with the
launch of the Apple Watch, the launch of two new iPhones also got lost in the
crowd of Apple announcements headed up by Apple's promise to bring "innovation"
to TVs through a TV app store.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus look the same on the outside as last year's models,
with a 4.7-inch screen for the 6S and a 5.5-inch screen for the bigger phablet.

But under the hood the new iPhones have significant improvements, including a
tougher aluminium body and glass to avoid the problems of "Bendgate" in which
some people reported bending their iPhone 6 Plus smartphones.

The new phones have 3D Touch, which lets you quickly access features of the
phone by applying extra force as you touch the touchscreen, plus a 12 megapixel
camera which is a big jump from the 8 megapixel camera in the iPhone 6.

Selfie fans will appreciate their own faces even more with an upgrade to the
front-facing camera to 5 megapixels plus the ability to use the glow of the
touchscreen as a front-facing flash.

Apple made a push into productivity yesterday with an iPad Pro, a 12-inch tablet
that lets you view apps side-by-side in split-screen, that it hopes is a step
towards reviving a stagnate tablet market.

While Steve Jobs was said to be dismissive of the need for any stylus other than
a finger, Apple launched the Pencil along with a fold-up keyboard giving the
big-screen iPad Pro features to battle the appeal of Microsoft's Surface tablet.

Potentially the biggest announcement of the event was the launch of a new Apple
TV, with an app store that will allow third-party app makers to transfer popular
games, news, entertainment and lifestyle apps from mobile devices to television
screens.

Rod Chester travelled to San Francisco as a guest of Apple.

Read the full reviews of what's new from Apple and see video of the new features
and devices at www.advertiser.com.au/technology

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus Hold the iPhone 6S (11.9cm screen) and 6s Plus
(14cm screen) in your hand and the mantra about looking beyond face value comes
to mind. But start using the phone and you can see some differences.

Apple has thrown out the label Force Touch and now calls it 3D Touch. The clever
combination of software and hardware means the device can sense the amount of
force you use in a touch and offer a variety of options in response. 3D Touch
and the "quick look" feature Apple is calling "peek-and-pop" could come with a
similar explainer.

Press a bit and you "peek" at a pop-up of information. Press a little harder and
you "pop" through to the next level of information or to a particular feature
within an app.

The 6s/6s Plus rear camera is now a 12 megapixel camera.The front camera goes
from 1.5 megapixels to 5 megapixels and now has a flash. It is the first iPhone
that can shoot and edit 4K video. It is also made out of a tougher grade of
aluminium and has a tougher glass screen.

It will run iOS 9, the new operating system available as a free update for
download on older Apple devices on September 16. And it will be faster - there
will be a faster chip and faster wi-fi.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus is available for preorder from tomorrow and will be
available on September 25. Prices: iPhone 6S: $1079 for 16Gb model; $1229 for
64Gb, and $1370 for 127Gb. iPhone 6s Plus: $1,229 for 16GB model, $1,379 for the
64GB model and $1529 for 128Gb.

The Apple Pencil What's the Apple Pencil? It's a stylus you have when you're not
having a stylus charges through a Lightning connector. It's handy in something
like Microsoft Powerpoint - draw a quick shape that's roughly circular with the
Pen and the software turns it into a proper circle.

But using it in the new Notes app and you can see the potential even more. It is
like a pencil with a small p - the harder you press the thicker the line. Like a
highlighter, if you angle it on the side you get a thick band of colour. And
like a coloured pencil, if you lay it on the side and rub, you get a sense of
shading in.

The Pencil will be available in November. Australian prices not yet announced.

The Apple watch WatchOS 2.0, will bring "time travel" features, that will let
you scroll forwards and back in time to upcoming appointments.

Facebook Messenger is coming to the watch as well as iTranslate, which lets you
speak into your watch and see the translation. Health features include blood
pressure and heart rate monitoring as well displaying the heart rate of a foetus
for a pregnant mum. Apple also announced a deal with Hermes for new bands, along
with its own new bands including two new finishes.

The new watch models are available in Australia today. The updated OS will be
released on September 16. Apple Watch HÃ¨rmes from $1700 to $2350 inc GST.
Available 5 October.

Apple TV The new remote that includes a Siri button that responds to commands
such as "show me funny TV shows".

Siri searches across multiple content apps, such as iTunes and Netflix. Apple
announced a new operating system for TV called tvOS, which is similar to iOS for
app developers.

New apps coming to Apple TV include fitness apps, Airbnb, entertainment apps and
games.

The interaction between the mobile games and the TV app games was emphasised.
Start a game on your iPhone and you will be able to continue, at the same point,
on the Apple TV. The Apple TV remote has Bluetooth 4.0 so you don't have to
point it at the TV, it has volume control, accelerometer and gyroscope.

Apple TV will be available in 80 countries in October. It will be available in
two models, with the top model at $US199 with 64Gb. Australian pricing not yet
announced

iPad Pro The iPad Pro has the biggest screen and the most power of any iPad
device. The advantages of a bigger screen iPad include a full-size software
keyboard. The screen is 12.9-inches on the diagonal, with 5.6 million pixels.
The Retina screen is 5.6 million pixels of brilliance with a 2732 x 2048
resolution.It's powered by the 64-bit A9X chip, which is up to 1.8 times faster
than the A8X it replaces. Graphics performance has gone up 360 times since the
original iPad.

The iPad Pro is faster than 80 per cent of current PCs but has a 10-hour battery
life. It is the first iPad to have a four-speaker system.

It comes with an 8 megapixel camera, touch ID and in silver, gold or space grey.
It will connect to the smart keyboard through magnetic points, eliminating the
need to pair the keyboard through Bluetooth.

The iPad Pro goes on sale in Australia in November. Prices have yet to be
announced.

iPad mini 4 Wi-Fi - $569 (16GB), $699 (64GB) and $829 (128GB). Shipping
today.iPad mini 4 WiFi and Cellular - $729 (16GB), $859 (64GB) and $989 (128GB).
Shipping today.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Strong sales of new iPhones linked to China; Bustling market

BYLINE: Julia Love, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 543 words


Apple Inc. said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to
beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend
last year, a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China.

The Chinese debut of the prior models, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, was delayed last
year as the company awaited approval from regulators. Many analysts say China is
poised to overtake the United States as Apple's biggest market.

Searching for signs of whether Apple can top its 2014 performance, investors
were initially encouraged by the company's remarks but later tempered their
enthusiasm. Apple shares were up 0.7 per cent in afternoon trading after rising
as much as 2.3 per cent earlier in the session.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of advance orders it received for the
new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Analysts had expected about 4.5 million for the first
24 hours, compared with 4 million during the first day last year.

Apple began taking preorders on Saturday for the phones, which will begin
shipping Sept. 25.

The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone 6S Plus,
the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the preorder
period.

"Preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple has
been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the company had always enjoyed a burst of
sales of new phones from diehard fans and customers who are due for an upgrade.

"Will these phones have the same staying power as the iPhone 6?" he asked. "It's
still going to be a challenge."

The exclusion of the Chinese market last year set a low bar for Apple to clear
with preorders this year, he added. However, John Jackson of IDC said the 6S and
6S Plus's strong early performance dampened concerns on Wall Street.

"Apple has this track record of outperforming its own outperformance, but the
iPhone 6 looks like an extraordinarily tough act to follow," he said. "The fact
that they are fast out of the gate with this refresh is a very encouraging
sign."

FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said he was encouraged by the
response in China, where Apple's website showed particularly long wait times for
the phones.

"It shows that they are off to a white-hot start, with China really being front
and centre as a main driver of initial demand," he said.

After last year's redesign, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature more modest
updates, such as improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that
responds according to how hard users press their screens. But Apple executives
have stated that only a fraction of users have upgraded to the iPhone 6,
suggesting the company has ample room to grow. Last week Apple announced the
phones, as well as a new TV set-top box that responds to voice commands, but the
new products underwhelmed many social media commentators and investors.

Apple relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated nearly
twothirds of its revenue in the latest quarter. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Edelson, AFP, Getty Images; Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during an Apple media event last week.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday
                                  APM Edition

New models come with more than just a cosmetic makeover

BYLINE: Raymond Tham

SECTION: ITC; Technology; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 691 words


SINGAPORE - By now, most Apple fans should know the drill: Last year, there were
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus; this year there are the "s" or upgraded versions.

Like a number of Apple customers, I tend to replace my iPhone in two-year
cycles. This is the first time, though, that I am seriously considering
upgrading my phone just a year after purchasing the 6.

Apple launched the new iPhones this year with an extremely bold statement: "The
only thing that has changed ... is everything". It is an exaggeration, but it
does underline the fact that the 6s is one of the biggest upgrades Apple has
ever made.

When I reviewed the new MacBook and the Apple Watch earlier this year, I said
that Apple was clearly trying to teach its users new habits, particularly with
Force Touch - utilising pressure sensors to allow for new interactions. The
re-education continues with the iPhone 6s.

The new 3D Touch on the 6s is an improvement on Force Touch, where you can
control your device by differing the amount of pressure you place on the screen.
It serves two primary functions. The first function, called Peek and Pop, is
similar to Quick Look on your Mac OS. It allows you to preview content without
actually opening the file or application. I found it particularly useful when
reading articles online. Instead of having to open a new page when there is a
related hyperlink, I can press down on my screen for a quick glimpse. This way
I'm not disrupting my reading experience. Peek and Pop also works well for
videos and third-party apps such as Instagram, allowing you to preview videos
without actually needing to open the file.

The other function, called Quick Actions, works more like a short cut. It allows
you, for instance, to post a photo or tweet without having to open your
Instagram and Twitter application.

Other apps that take advantage of 3D Touch include Evernote, WeChat, Shazam, and
Dropbox.

Apple-propriety apps such as Messages, Maps and Calendar, of course come with
quick actions, though we will still have to wait for the likes of Facebook to
get on board. 3D Touch is more responsive than Force Touch, although you still
need to take a while to get used to it.

FASTER, BETTER PERFORMANCE

The new iPhones now come equipped with the Apple-designed A9 chip, which
supposedly provides up to 70 per cent faster processor speeds and 90 per cent
better graphics performance than their predecessors. Benchmark tests show that
the new iPhones are as fast as some laptops, including the latest MacBooks.

I found that unlocking the phone with the Touch ID (fingerprint) sensor was near
instantaneous. Also, when I did a side-by-side comparison with the iPhone 6,
games such as Final Fantasy 7 opened half-a-second to a second faster. Battery
life is also impressive despite the fact that the 6s Plus has a smaller battery.
I got about nine hours of regular use on the 6s Plus, about 20 minutes less than
the 6 Plus.

BRINGING PHOTOS TO LIFE

The cameras on the 6s and 6s Plus have been enhanced. Both iPhones feature an
improved 12-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera (up from
8-megapixels and 1.2-megapixels respectively).

The new iPhones also finally allow you to shoot videos in 4K. Be warned,
however, that file sizes for 4K videos are about two to three times larger than
HD quality. Additionally, only the 6s Plus comes with an optical image
stabiliser that helps to compensate for camera shake.

Perhaps the biggest introduction for the iPhone 6s camera is the Live Photos
feature. Instead of taking a normal still image, the phone can now record about
1.5s of animation along with your photo. It is definitely a cool new feature,
particularly with GIFs being so popular these days.

With its power, performance and new features, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the
best iPhones yet and definitely worth the upgrade. It is almost a no-brainer if
you are using anything older than a 6.

The phones are fantastically built and brilliantly designed. They come in
silver, space grey, gold and the new rose gold colour (which is quite pink). You
can buy the new iPhones online or at authorised retailers from S$1,048 (without
contract).

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

New iPhone 6s to hit stores Friday in test for Apple

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 25 -- The new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus arrive in stores and at
consumers' doorsteps on Friday, kicking off a sales cycle that will be
scrutinized for signs of how much juice Apple's marquee product has left.


 Apple has a tough act to follow after the success of the iPhone 6, but sales
are expected to benefit this year from the inclusion of the Chinese market,
where the gadget's debut was delayed in 2014 due to regulatory issues.
 With one of Apple's largest markets in the fold, analysts expect the company to
sell about 12 million to 13 million phones in the first weekend of availability,
up from more than 10 million last year.
 Eager consumers from San Francisco to London to Sydney have camped out for days
prior to the release, and Apple said earlier this month that based on
pre-orders, sales of its new phones were on pace to beat last year's first
weekend performance.
 "The stage is set for Apple to show year-over-year growth over the Herculean
iPhone 6 sales," FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said.
 Apple relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated
nearly two-thirds of its revenue in the latest quarter. First released in 2007,
the iPhone is Apple's best-selling device ever.
 After a dramatic redesign last year in which Apple enlarged the iPhone's screen
and added mobile payments, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus boast more modest
improvements.
 The phones, which are the same size as last year's models, feature improved
cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that responds according to how hard
users press their screens.
 Apple executives have said just a fraction of their customers have upgraded to
the iPhone 6, suggesting they have plenty of room to grow this year. And
lacklustre offerings this year from rival smartphone manufacturer Samsung will
help Apple's stand out in the marketplace, analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor
Insights & Strategy wrote in an email.
 "Over the long haul, the 6s will eclipse the 6 as Apple is even more
competitive versus Samsung in emerging regions and is gaining share in
traditional regions," Moorhead wrote in an email. "Samsung didn't bring a whole
lot of compelling features to consumers with their new lines of phones."
 The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, which start at $199 and $299 with a two-year
contract with a mobile service provider, will be available on Friday in
Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto
Rico, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Bendigo Advertiser

                               September 10, 2015

Apple unveils new??iPhones: Video, Photos

BYLINE: Tim Biggs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 664  words


STORY CONTINUES BELOW (SCROLL DOWN)

Apple has unveiled new iPhones, an updated version of its Apple TV, which now
has its own app store and a voice-controlled remote control, as well as a
12.9-inch iPad Pro at a media event in San Francisco.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus will be arriving in Australia on September 25.

Here are six things they have that your iPhone 6 does not:

The iPhones now come in rose gold.

Maybe you never cared for the garish yellow gold Apple released to appeal to the
Chinese market. Maybe you want your phone to match your crazy expensive rose
gold Apple Watch (or the just-announced rose-gold-coloured aluminum Apple Watch
Sport you plan to buy). Whatever your rationale, if you wanted another option
besides gray, silver and yellow gold, you got it.

As predicted, Apple has renamed Force Touch as 3D Touch and implemented it in
its new iPhones. The name reflects the fact that there are three levels of
pressure you can now apply to the screen for different results.

Regular tapping works as it always has. Press lightly ' on a photo, email or web
page for instance ' and you'll get a preview of the content without having to
leave the screen you're currently on. Pressing more firmly will allow additional
options, for example opening your camera app directly into selfie mode.

The main camera on the 6s and 6s Plus has been improved over last year's phones.
The new camera is 12MP (compared to 8MP on the iPhone 6) and features a custom
Apple-made signal processor the company says will produce more accurate colour
than past models.

The front selfie camera is now 5MP (up from 1.2MP). Curiously, rather than add
an unsightly flash to the front of the device, the phone's display will flash
white at max brightness to illuminate your subject when you take a picture.
Apple calls this 'Retina Flash', which one hopes is not a commentary on the
effect it will have on your ocular tissue.

There's also a new software innovation Apple is calling Live Photos, which
records the moments before and after you take a picture to allow for more
animated shots.

In addition to 3D Touch and the new camera, a lot of subtle tweaks have been
made to the way the iPhone is put together.

New, stronger aluminum and glass makes the device stronger than its predecessors
(and presumably less likely to bend).

An all new 64-bit A9 processor, with an embedded M9 motion co-processor, will
not only let the phones crunch data and apps harder and faster but will also let
them run low power services for much longer.

Connectivity has also been bumped up to bring iPhone in line with its more
cutting edge competitors. The change means faster internet speeds on next-gen
mobile networks like Telstra's 4GX, as well as better 4G mobile reception while
roaming internationally.

This one is a bit of a cheat, as iOS 9 will also be coming to older iPhones as
well as iPads and the iPod Touch, but it is launching with the 6s and 6s Plus.

A big bump in efficiency in iOS 9 promises longer battery life, which should be
especially noticeable with the improved processing on the 6s and 6s Plus.

On iPhone the operating system also has a new Android-like app switcher for
better multitasking, an improved keyboard and some handy tweaks to built-in
software like Notes and Maps.

Wow, the Australian dollar's position versus the US has not done good things for
the price of iPhones. The cheapest version of the iPhone 6s, which has a meagre
16GB of storage, will be $1079 in Australia.

Those with good memories may already know this is $210 more than the launch
price of the comparable iPhone 6 model that launched this time last year
(although Apple did sneakily raise that price in March).

The gap grows wider the more storage you want, and wider still for the 6s Plus.
If you want the bigger phone with 128GB of storage, you'll pay $1529, $280 more
than the launch price of the comparable iPhone 6 Plus from last year.

If you want a phone outright for less than $1000, it will not be a new iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

iPhone 6S vs iPhone 6S Plus - Which one would you pick?

LENGTH: 530  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

I was quite pleased with Apple's decision to go with a 4.7-inch screen with the
iPhone 6 last year and ordered one almost immediately. Apple also introduced the
iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch display targeted towards people that prefer a
phablet. Having played with the Samsung Galaxy Note series and other larger
phones, I knew that the larger sized screen was not for me. And yet, here I am,
using the iPhone 6 Plus as my primary phone a year later.

So what made me switch? Well, there are three key difference between the regular
and plus models. First and the most obvious is the larger screen with a higher
resolution. It makes watching videos and playing games more fun. It also makes
the two-handed typing experience much better. That being said, the iPhone 6 Plus
requires both hands to operate. The bumps on my iPhone are proof that using it
with one hand one can be hazardous to your health. But the larger screen isn't
the reason I switched.

The second difference is the presence of Optical Image Stabilisation (OIS) on
the camera which helps prevent shaky videos and possibly blurry images. Having
used the regular iPhone 6 for about two months, I can definitely say that the
camera on the iPhone 6 Plus takes better pictures and videos. While OIS was a
strong reason in my consideration to switch to the iPhone 6 Plus, it wasn't the
primary reason.

What did make me switch was the horrendous battery life on the iPhone 6. During
the two months I was using the iPhone 6, more often than not, I'd end up with a
dead battery by 6PM. At first I thought I might have gotten a bad unit because I
remember my iPhone 5S lasting longer. But that was not the case. I replaced the
first unit and the second iPhone 6 was equally bad.

I need my phone to last me until the night.

Thus I switched to the iPhone 6 Plus and while the size and weight of the device
still feels uncomfortable, the battery easily lasts a day or more. Now with the
announcement of the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, I am tempted to go back to the
smaller iPhone. Why do you ask?

Well, I passed the iPhone 6 to my wife and with iOS updates, the battery life on
it has gotten considerably better. It usually lasts her until bedtime although
there is a day or two each fortnight when she needs to charge it in the middle
of the day. I could live with that.

Apple has also improved the camera in the new set of iPhones, moving to 12
Megapixels and a new sensor. My guess is that that iPhone 6S should take better
pictures- possibly as good as the current iPhone 6 Plus. Yes, the new iPhone 6S
Plus might take better pictures but I'll be sold as long as the 6S can produce
results comparable to the previous generation of Plus.

Finally, with 3D Touch, the new pair of iPhones is heavier than the previous
generation. The table below compares to the two models.

I'd much rather move to a lighter phone than a heavier one. My iPhone 6 Plus
already has a few bumps and I imagine a heavier device would be more accident
prone- at least in my hands. So now that I've decided which size to go for, the
next challenge is the colour. And no, Rose Gold is not for me.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/57/144222775224.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Apple's New iPhone 6s Features 3D Touch

BYLINE: Natalie Jarvey

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 323  words


Apple's fall product event is typically all about iPhones, but CEO Tim Cook
waited until three quarters of the way through the Sept. 9 shindig to bring up
the company's popular device.

But when he did finally unveil the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, he got big cheers from
the crowd. "We have changed everything about these new iPhones," he told the
audience.

The next-generation smart phone comes with a new feature called 3D touch which
senses multiple levels of pressure from the finger on the touch pad. This allows
for a function called "peek" where a user can quickly preview information
without having to open up a different app.

It also has capabilities for the new Hey Siri function, which allows a user to
access the voice-activated personal assistant with that phrase. "Siri's
definitely sassy," joked senior vp Phil Schiller when announcing the feature.

A big selling point of the new phone is its upgraded camera, including a 5 mega
pixel front-facing camera for selfies and FaceTime. The iPhone 6s also includes
the ability to shoot in 4K video, although the Apple TV has yet to include
support for the ultra HD video format.

Apple has also unveiled a new technology called Live Photos, which animates
still photos by extending the capture moment by a second-and-a-half on either
end.

The iPhone 6s comes in the standard three colors - silver, gold and space gray -
and in a brand new rose gold color.

New accessories for the iPhone 6s include a charging dock and leather covers.

The 6s will start at $199 with a two-year contract and the 6s Plus will start at
$299 with a two-year contract. Apple has also broken down prices into monthly
installments for people without a contract. A new program called the iPhone
Upgrade Program also allows people to buy a new, unlocked phone every year for
$32 a month.

The iPhone is available to pre-order on Sept. 12 and will ship Sept 25. The new
operating system, iOS 9, comes out on Sept. 16.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Apple kicks off iPhone 6s in India with midnight sales

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 349 words


NEW DELHI: With the stroke of midnight, Apple began sales of the iPhone6s and
iPhone 6s Plus in India, as eager customers queued up outside various stores
across the country to get their hands on their pre-booked devices. The iPhone 6s
and iPhone6s Plus are now available for price starting Rs 62,000 and Rs 72,000
for 16GB models respectively, while higher storage variants cost more.

The prices, which are far higher than those in the US or other countries, were
not deterrent for fans like Parvinder Singh, who bought four iPhone 6s 64 GB
phones for his family and the 128 GB variant for himself.

"I'm an iPhone fan because I love clicking pictures using the phone. I have an
iPhone 6 128 GB now, but I have to upgrade to the new one every year" he said.
Singh was amongst the first buyers in Delhi.

iPhone enthusiasts are a plenty in India and Apple CEO Tim Cook recognized them
in a social media post. "Thanks to all our customers in India who queued at
midnight for the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at midnight," Cook said in a
Twitter post on Friday early morning.

While well lit stores across Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore among other cities were
open till most part of the night, retailers went all out to keep waiting iPhone
enthusiasts engaged. While some had music playing others had brought illusion
artists to perform for the discerning crowd.

Law student Aarushi saved up since the launch of the iPhone 5s to buy the next
upgrade.

"I've bought the iPhone 6s 64 GB for my mom and she surprised me with the same
model that she had preordered. I'm really excited," she told ET.

With high purchase power, India is amongst the fastest growing smartphone
markets worldwide. Gartner expects it to overtake the US to become No 2 after
China by 2017.

The country is becoming important for the iconic smartphone maker as it intends
to start it's own stores with large format retailer Croma and wants distribution
to reach out to much larger number of cities and towns. It even made the new
iPhones available for preorders in the shortest time after global launch.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 4:13 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6s Plus hands-on review: Incremental update or phablet revolution?;

Just what is the difference between the new iPhone handset and its predecessors?
Tom Parsons, Deputy Editor of Stuff.tv, gets his hands on one...

BYLINE: By mirror

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 611 words


"The only things that's changed is everything".

As far as hyperbole goes, that's way up there, but Apple's slogan for the iPhone
6s and 6s Plus is designed to tackle the feeling of familiarity head-on.

Yes, these new phones look just like the ones that went before them, but
underneath the skin they're game-changing.

At least that's the theory.

To find out the truth I made a beeline for the 6s Plus table as soon as the
keynote finished. I've got a 6 Plus and I wanted to know whether it's going to
be worth upgrading. I now feel that it is.

The most significant change for the new phones is the addition of 3D Touch,
which is a further development of the Force Touch tech first seen on the
super-slim MacBook's trackpad back in June.

Force Touch on the MacBook is very handy, but it only really works in the same
way as the right-click of a mouse. 3D Touch is more clever than that.

Apply a bit of pressure in a compatible part of iOS 9 and you activate the
"peek" function, which gives you a glimpse at what's contained within.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Peek and pop feature all over the place on the 6s Plus. On an app icon it can
provide some very useful shortcuts.

For example, use peek on the Phone icon and you get a pop-up list of three
people you might want to call, on Music it can take you straight to a radio
station or an album.

Both versions of the new iPhone get a new 12MP iSight camera, up from the 8MP of
the existing models. And once again the Plus phone gets optical image
stabilisation while the standard 6s does without.

At a hands-on event like this it's impossible to really put a camera through its
paces, but it certainly looks as though those extra megapixels are being put to
good use, with images looking noticeably sharper than those of the 6 Plus.

The 12MP sensor also means panoramas are now 63MP, and the iPhone can now
capture 4K video for the very first time.

But far more interesting and surprising to me is the new Live Photo feature.

Apple reveal new Apple TV with exciting new features

As you scroll through the Photos app you'll see a flash of movement on those
that were taken with Live Photo, and if you press on them you'll see the extra
bit of footage that was captured.

Naturally the new iPhones are more powerful than those that went before.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus get Apple's new A9 chip, which the company says
improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% over the previous generation, and
graphics performance is apparently up by a whopping 90%.

Honestly, I didn't notice the difference during my brief hands-on with the 6s
Plus. Yes, it operation is lightning fast, but it's not as though the 6 Plus is
sluggish. Where the increased power will probably be useful is in new, more
graphically intensive games, such as the aforementioned Warhammer 40K:
Freeblade.

Both the 6s and 6s Plus are thicker than the phones that preceded them to the
tune of 0.2mm. That puts the 6s Plus at 7.3mm thick, and it's heavier too, at
192g compared to the 6 Plus' 172g.

3D Touch is just so simple, intuitive and time-saving that I think it's one of
those features that you'll grow so used to you'll wonder how you ever lived
without it, while Live Photos adds a really beautiful extra layer of warmth to
your still photos.

Both of those features are game-changing, and I want them in my life just as
soon as possible.

I won't have to wait long: pre-orders for both the 6s and 6s Plus open on 12th
September and both will be available on 25th September.

Tom Parsons is the Deputy Editor of Stuff.tv, where a longer version of this
review originally appeared. Check it out for the latest gadget news, reviews and
features.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

iPhone 6S thicker to avoid 'bendgate'?

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 247 words


Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current model.

The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out that it bent under pressure.

Now, Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year, and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy, reports mirror.co.uk.
According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to thirdparty case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so that they can prepare cases and
accessories for it. They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean
for the first time Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9 mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9 mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1 mm, according
to our source," reports uSwitch. "Intriguingly, it also appears that the
protruding camera that featured on the iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone
6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S Plus." There's no current release date for
the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it will be revealed sometime next month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kidderminster Shuttle

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

National News: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus could break sales records, Apple says

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


APPLE claims demand for its new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus could surpass the
record-breaking sales of iPhone 6 last year, as the newest versions of the
firm's smartphones go on-sale.

The new iPhone 6s, which was unveiled earlier this month, has much the same
design, but comes with an improved camera in both the front and rear of the
phone, as well as a pressure sensitive screen - where users can press more
firmly in order to open new shortcuts - a feature Apple calls 3D Touch.

The technology giant said that pre-orders were "on pace" to match those of the
iPhone 6 launch in September last year, when that device went on to sell more
than 10 million units in the first three days, and help Apple post world-record
profits.

The new phone also comes with a rose gold finish on the rear casing for the
first time.

Phil Schiller, Apple's head of worldwide marketing said: "Customer response to
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly positive, we can't wait to
get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers' hands starting this Friday.

"iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be downloaded by more users
than any other software release in Apple's history."

To read the full story, click here.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                    September 22, 2015 Tuesday 12:09 PM EST

Early iPhone 6S reviews: Apple's got another winner

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 769  words


Click for image

As I await my iPhone 5 replacement -- a shiny new iPhone 6S -- to make its way
from the FedEx facility in Tennessee, I'm stuck reading early access reviews of
the new Apple smartphones. And while my motivation to get the phone was driven
more by my son's push to get my current phone than for me to acquire a new one,
the reviews now do have me looking forward to getting my hands on the 6S.

I've been most interested in the iPhone 6S's improved camera, 12mp on the back
camera and 5mp on the front (not that I'm a big selfie guy). Early reviews are
that the cameras are better and that the new Live Photos feature (think Harry
Potter moving paintings) is more gimmicky than addictive.

MORE: Most important Apple announcements from September event

The Verge's Nilay Patel writes:

Apple CEO Tim Cook says he thinks Live Photos will be "a new form," but more
people will have to be able to watch them before they can blossom as an entire
kind of media. Right now, you can share Live Photos with anyone using iOS 9,
WatchOS 2, and OS X El Capitan.

Reviewers also warn that Live Photos, which when turned on captures one-and-half
seconds of action before and after the photo image, takes up twice as much space
as normal photos. So you might want to only turn it on when you really think you
might like to use it.

I don't spend a lot of time thinking about my iPhone 5S's performance -- I'm
still scarred from using a BlackBerry for browsing in what I wish was a more
distant past. -- so the iPhone has served me just fine. But I'm glad to hear
that the iPhone 6S performance is stellar.

Christina Warren from Mashable delivers an extensive review, and loves the
performance powered by Apple's dual-core A9 CPU, which the company says is 70%
faster than the previous edition of the CPU:

Historically, Apple doesn't like to overly tout the specs of its phones,
focusing more on what they can do rather than clock speeds. Still, by any
objective measure, the iPhone 6S is a beast.

The iPhone 6S is fast. It's theoretically faster than anything on the market and
in practice, it never lags and never stutters. It won't be a noticeable
difference if you're on an iPhone 6 - except when it comes to web browsing.

Unfortunately, that power boost doesn't really extend to battery life, reviewers
say.

In fact, Wall Street Journal's Joanna Stern dives right into lack of battery
life improvements in her review, which is more subdued than others I read.

Let's get this out of the way first. The No. 1 thing people want in a smartphone
is better battery life. And the iPhone 6s doesn't deliver that.

The 4.7-inch 6s will get you through the day, but you'll struggle to make it til
bedtime with moderate to heavy use. And it seemed to drain even faster than my 6
when I used the new processor-intensive camera features like Live Photos.

Perhaps the biggest revelation I came across in the reviews is that the
pressure-sensitive 3D Touch capability is pretty easy to come up to speed on. As
someone who has never been as big a keyboard shortcut or finger swiping user as
I probably should be, I found this comforting, and can see myself using the peek
and pop features depending upon how widely and consistently app makers support
them.

Mashable's Warren wrote:

The learning curve for 3D Touch is very low. The key is to realize you need to
focus on pressing hard, not pressing long. Long, normal presses will still work
the same as they did before 3D Touch. Once your brain realizes that pressure is
the new variable and not the duration of a touch, it becomes easy to use.

You can adjust the strength of 3D Touch in the accessibility settings, setting
it firmer or softer.

Buzzfeed's John Paczkowski is also high on 3D Touch, which he describes as a
reason to upgrade to the 6S.

Currently, it supports two interactions "peek" and "pop," with peek calling up a
preview of an app or message, or a brief contextual menu, and pop launching the
app itself. Each interaction is accompanied by a different tiny vibration that
helps you distinguish between them. It is surprisingly useful - particularly for
power users who do a lot of work from their iPhones. I'm already using it
constantly, and I am impressed with how good it is at interpreting the force of
my touch. It's very much an Apple innovation - a seemingly subtle change so
thoughtfully executed that it proves transformative.

Does that also sound like Jobsian hyperbole? Probably. But I think 3D Touch is
likely the biggest innovation to the iPhone UI since the iPhone UI. And it's
largely why the answer to the question I posed earlier [should I get an iPhone
6S/] is "yes."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Introducing Better Way to Always have New iPhone: Verizon's New Annual Upgrade
Plan

LENGTH: 263  words


Sept. 24 -- If you purchase either the iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus with
Verizon's Device Payment option beginning Friday, September 25, you'll be
eligible to get a new iPhone every year.  Yes, no more waiting for your contract
to end.  Now you can always have the latest iPhone - on the network that has the
largest 4G LTE coverage in America.

The new program allows you to turn in your phone and upgrade to a new iPhone
every year. If you pre-ordered an iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus, you're
automatically enrolled in this program if you've elected the Device Payment
option.

If you're not interested in upgrading, you still have the option to pay your
phone off in 24 low monthly payments.  That's a better option than those "lease
plans" offered by other companies, which can include surprise balloon payments
just 18 months into your agreement, or ask you to turn over your phone without
getting anything for it.

Not with Verizon and thinking about joining America's largest and most reliable
4G LTE network? You can get up to $400 when you switch and trade in your old
smartphone. Check out the details here: www.verizonwireless.com/iphone.

Now you can always have the latest iPhone on the network that has the largest 4G
LTE coverage in America.  Because the best deserves the best.

Beginning Friday, September 25, you can buy iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at
Verizon retail stores and online at www.verizonwireless.com. For complete
details on pricing, please visit www.verizonwireless.com/iphone. For more
information on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/iphone.

Source: Verizon

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 9:55 AM GMT

New iPhone 6s on sale in Liverpool ONE as people queue overnight to be first in
line;
Apple claims demand for its new iPhone 6s could break all records

BYLINE: By Alan Weston

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


iPhone fever came to Liverpool city centre when the newest versions of the
firm's smartphones went on sale this morning.

Around 20 people gathered outside the Apple store at Liverpool One in a bid to
be one of the first to get their hands on the new iPhone 6, which starts at
£539.

The real diehards had queued through the night but no-one could beat Matt Duffy,
from Wirral, who took up pole position a full 24 hours before the smartphones
went on sale.

Matt, 34, from Greasby, said: "I love the phones and I love Apple, so I wanted
to make sure I got one.

"I upgrade every year. I've been further back in the queue before and your
heart's racing wondering whether you're going to get one.

"You get some abuse by drunks when they see you waiting outside late in the
evening, saying things like 'what a sad loser'.

"Now I'm going to bed."

iPhone 6s Tweet

Thomas Lawton, 17, from Old Swan, who has set up a luxury personal shopping
website, had spent all night in the queue.

He bought four of the new smartphones - one for personal use, one for business
use, and two to sell on.

He said: "Everyone in the line was buzzing about the phone. I wanted to be one
of the first to get my hands on it. It's all been worthwhile."

Apple claims demand for its new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus could surpass the
record-breaking sales of iPhone 6 last year.

The new iPhone 6s, which was unveiled earlier this month, has much the same
design but comes with an improved camera in both the front and rear of the
phone, as well as a pressure sensitive screen - where users can press more
firmly in order to open new shortcuts - a feature Apple calls 3D Touch.

The technology giant said that pre-orders were "on pace" to match those of the
iPhone 6 launch in September last year, when that device went on to sell more
than 10 million units in the first three days and help Apple post world-record
profits.

The new phone also comes with a rose gold finish on the rear casing for the
first time.

Phil Schiller, Apple's head of worldwide marketing, said: "Customer response to
the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been incredibly positive, we can't wait to
get our most advanced iPhones ever into customers' hands starting this Friday.

"iOS 9 is also off to an amazing start, on pace to be downloaded by more users
than any other software release in Apple's history."

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Lines vary as new iPhones arrive here

BYLINE: Maggie Menderski

SECTION: D; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 577 words


Sam Mateer was more excited about his daughter's wedding photos on his old phone
than the iPhone 6s Plus that had him at an AT&T store before sunrise on Friday.

Still, he was first in the door when the store at University Town Center opened
at 8 a.m., as Apple Inc. launched sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Mateer, 72, and his wife, Jo Ann, had been waiting there since 5:45 a.m. Their
new son-in-law, Jason Piercy, had shown up at 6:30 a.m. and took the third spot
in line.

Just days before, an iPhone 5 had captured the bride, groom and a picturesque
beach sunset during the Piercy wedding on Siesta Key. It was hard to believe the
images could have been any more beautiful, but Mateer said he knew the iPhone 6s
Plus had a better camera. They were looking forward to using the new phone on a
trip to Illinois in the coming weeks.

"It takes better pictures than this thing does," Sam Mateer said, with his old
iPhone 5 in hand.

The new phone was expected to break the sales record set last year after the
release of the iPhone 6 and 6 plus. Deliveries of online orders are delayed up
to four weeks for some models. Yet, Mateer and his family made up half of the
early morning line at the University at Town Center Store, where six people
waited for the opening.

"We didn't know we'd be first," Jo Ann Mateer said. "I expected more people."

The buzz surrounding the new phone was more robust in other parts of Southwest
Florida. The crowd at the Apple Store inside the Mall at University Town Center
was overflowing. After its doors opened, a few customers trickled across the
street to AT&T for the shorter wait.

The AT&T store on Cortez Road in Manatee County had a crowd of

at least 20 in line when the store opened, said Zoran Jovic, area retail sales
manager. The store had the stock and staff to sell hundreds of phones before the
day was over, he said.

"We had a pretty decent crowd this morning, but we are more than prepared,"
Jovic said. "We're expecting it to be steady traffic throughout the day."

Ahnaysa Turner, 25, was second in line at the University Town Center AT&T. She
arrived just before 6:30 a.m., eager to swap her iPhone 6 for the iPhone 6s Plus
in Apple's new rose gold color. She said enjoyed her old phone, but was looking
forward to a larger screen on the Plus model. Her husband had preordered a 6s
online and was expecting it to arrive on Friday. She didn't want to miss out on
the fun later that day.

"I knew it was coming in today, so I was like, 'I'm going to get in line and get
my new phone, too,' " she said.

The phone looks identical to the iPhone 6, which debuted in September 2014. But
the 6s, in addition to an improved camera and other features, has increased
durability, with stronger glass and 7000 series aluminum.

"The actual material that it's made out of is used for aircraft production,"
Jovic said. "It's going to be stronger, less prone to breaking and bending."

Most of the changes are internal, Jovic said. The touchscreen offers different
menus and options based on the pressure of the user's taps. The camera has a new
function, which captures a still image but also records the moments before and
after it. Selfie enthusiasts can expect better low-light images through new
technology that uses the screen as a flash. The phone's new A9 chip offers
greater speed and battery life, and several of the apps have been redesigned.

"What this phone does behind the scenes will make your life a little bit
easier," Jovic said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ahnaysa Turner, of Sarasota, shows off her new Apple iPhone 6s Plus in
the new rose gold color. Ahnaysa was the second person in line at 5:45 a.m. at
the AT&T store at the Mall at University Town Center in Sarasota. STAFF PHOTO /
MIKE LANG AT&T Store manager Nik Manos, left, speaks with customer Sam Mateer,
of Sarasota, about his current iPhone 5 early Friday morning at the Mall at
University Town Center. Mateer was at the store at 5:45 a.m. to be the first in
line to buy the new Apple iPhone 6s Plus. Also in line to get the new iPhone,
from left, were Ahnaysa Turner, Mateer's son-in-law, Jason Piercy, and Lindsay
Dinant. STAFF PHOTO / MIKE LANG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            April 16, 2016 Saturday

iPhone SE Review: The 'ideal' smartphone size with the performance of an iPhone
6s

BYLINE: Ryan Rodrigues

LENGTH: 840  words


The iPhone SE brings back the 4-inch display that Apple once called "the ideal
smartphone size" with the processor of an iPhone 6s.

I've been using the iPhone 5s as my primary phone since the day it was launched
(almost 3 years now) and I love it so much that I've never thought of switching.
Whether it's the mobility of a 4-inch, the abundant room in my pocket, or how
adept my hands have become for a 4-inch device, I was rather reluctant to
switch.

Well all good thing must come to an end and so must my iPhone 5s. If Apple
follows the norm that it has been doing thus far, the company will stop support
for the iPhone 5s in about a year or so, though they thankfully launched a
substitute for people like me, albeit at a hefty price. The price is so close to
the iPhone 6s that I cannot in my right mind, recommend this smartphone, even
though it is a nice addition to the Apple brand. The kicker? Despite the price
tag, Apple has conveniently left out certain features that made the iPhone 6s a
great phone.

The Difference

Even though the iPhone SE is built with the same A9 chip as the iPhone 6s or 6s
plus, it doesn't have the same guts owing to which a few key features were
omitted: 3D touch, second-generation fingerprint scanner, dual-domain pixels for
wide viewing angles, Display Zoom (provides larger icons, buttons and text), the
option to move the top half of a screen to the bottom, Optical image
stabilization and a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera (1.2-megapixel on iPhone SE).
Even though It makes sense for the company to exclude Display Zoom, Reachability
and even dual-domain pixels to an extent, I would have been nice if they
included 3D touch and optical image stabilization at least

Unboxing

The packaging keeps up with Apple's criterion. The company knows how to bring
out the child in me, I almost had more fun unboxing the device than I did using
it for the first time. In the box you'll find the usual components -- Apple's
patented pair of in-ear headphones, a user manual, a warranty card and USB
charger, along with the iPhone SE.

The Performance

In short I loved it; the heft and feel of the smartphone is perfect for one hand
use which is what I'm accustomed to. It doesn't take long to notice the
difference in performance between the iPhone SE and its predecessor, the iPhone
5s. Everything from startup to loading apps to the speedy iSight and FaceTime
camera gets a significant upgrade. Performance-wise it's what you can expect
from an iPhone 6s -- sans the aforementioned features like 3D touch -- thanks to
the A9 chip with 64bit architecture and an M9 motion coprocessor (the same
processor used in an iPhone 6s). Night shift mode -- the company's new feature
that helps users fall asleep -- makes a triumphant return and it works
surprisingly well (It's the little things you do that shows you care, Apple).

The Camera

A noteworthy piece of hardware is the 12-megapixel iSight rear camera with 1.22
pixels, Live Photo integration and 4K video recording, making it by far the best
camera on a 4-inch smartphone. Apple says this smartphone doesn't have motion
optical stabilization, an integral feature that, when coupled with 'Live Photos'
gave the iPhone 6s a sizable advantage over its competition. This is however,
missing from the iPhone se. Even though the device sports a 1.2-megapixel
FaceTime camera, the image quality is better than most premium smartphones.

Gaming

The 4-inch screen isn't ideal for gaming or viewing multimedia. For most games,
the screen feels a little cramped, I had to move my thumbs around the edges of
the screen so that I could see what I was doing. Considering that your thumbs
would clog about a third of the screen, you're better off buying an iPhone 6 or
above, if you're really into gaming on your smartphone.

Audio

It should come as no surprise that the SE follows the benchmark set by a long
lineage of Apple products. It is what the company is known for; the ergonomic
headphone design fit comfortably in my ears. I prefer Apple's patented headphone
design compared to the in-ear headphones that comes complimentary with most
other smartphones these days. I can listen to music for hours on end with Apple
headphones without feeling like I've been to a Rock concert.

AT A GLANCE

What we liked

Ideal 4-inch frame

Best-in-class camera

What we didn't like

High price point

Omitted features like 3D Touch

Key Specifications

4-inch Retina display (1136x640 @326ppi) with Night-Shift

64-bit A9 processor with M9 motion coprocessor

f/2.2 12MP iSight camera with 4K recording and Live Photos

f2.4 1.2MP FaceTime camera

iOS 9 and fingerprint scanner

For those of you hell-bent on upgrading to a 4-inch smartphone, the iPhone SE is
a great choice. However, the price in India is far too close to the iPhone 6s
(Rs 39,000 to Rs 49,000) for me to recommend the iPhone se. The same smartphone
cost about Rs 25,000 in the US when converted. If Apple decide to mimic the US
price tag in India it would be a viable choice.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Airport Tightens Noose on iPhone 6s 'Smugglers'

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES & ECONOMY

LENGTH: 461 words


Those waiting for Apple's latest phones from overseas via the grey market route
may not get them. And those planning to bring them from outside India without
paying duty might need to do a rethink as they could be fined.Smugglers of the
newest iPhones may even face arrest.

Noticing a massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models through
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai customs authorities have
issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declareiPhones to
customs on arrival."

They warned that passengers picked up after passing through the green channel
will be liable to pay a fine, penalty and customs duty . According to the
release, duty will be levied even on a single phone since the value of the
device exceeds the 'free allowance.' Passengers carrying iPhones in commercial
quantity are liable to be arrested.

Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lanjewar confirmed
the developments to ET and said the rules already exist and are being reiterated
to travelers."For goods above ' . 45,000, technically passengers have to de

clare but most people are not aware of it. A duty of 36% is levied on the amount
above this limit," he said. Even if a single iPhone brought from overseas
exceeds the free allowance value, it would have to be declared and duty would
have to be paid.

The cheapest iPhone 6s, which comes with storage of 16GB, is listed on Apple's
website as costing $649 (. '42,350) while the same model on its

Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (. '48,000).

When value of undeclared goods rises above ' . 20 lakh, the authorities proceed
with arrests, Lanjewar added. The Mumbai Airport Customs authorities have seized
about 200 of the latest iPhone models valued at '. 1.23 crore over the past two
weeks. The phones were brought into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong
Kong, London, Dubai and other countries. Authorities have since increased
screening of checked-in and hand baggage, besides profiling passengers.

ET reported last week, citing trade sources, that the iPhone 6s 16 GB would be
sold for ' . 62,000, 64 GB variant for ' . 72,000 and 128 GB version for ' .
82,000, while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at ' . 72,000, 64 GB at '
. 82,000 and 128 GB at . 92,000. "As the models are still ' to be launched in
India, passengers are trying to smuggle these iPhones for monetary benefit by
sale through grey market," the authorities have said.

The Mumbai seizure was not the only one. On Sunday , seven youth were detained
at New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport with about 182 iPhone 6s and
6s Plus models brought in from Hong Kong and Singapore on separate flights,
officials said. With the launch 10 days away , they expect more such cases.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Airtel to Offer New iPhones from Friday

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 192 words


Bharti Airtel will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the latest to come out
from the Apple stable, beginning Friday, October 16 through 235 of its retail
stores across the country. Fifty seven of Bharti Airtel's retail stores will
stay open all night so customers can be among the first in India to get their
hands on the all-new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

Customers can sign up for the iPhone Infinity plans, which include 60GB of free
4G data over 12 months, saving customers '. 15,000 on their monthly bill, the
company said in a statement on Tuesday.

"With the rise of 4G services, we expect new iPhone customers to enjoy a
world-class experience on Bharti Airtel," said Srini Gopalan, director consumer
business, Bharti Airtel.ET had reported the development last week.

Earlier, Vodafone India had announced data and calling plans for iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus with benefits. The Vodafone's '. 1,299 monthly plan includes 3GB
mobile internet quota, 4,000 free Local and STD minutes and 1,500 local and
national SMS, for six months.Charges above plan limits will be 50 paise/MB for
data usage, 50 paise/message and 50 paise/ minute for voice calls.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

Watch: Unboxing Apple iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 80 words


NEW DELHI: Apple's new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are now officially available
in India.

Interestingly, this is the fastest iPhone rollout in India with the phones being
made available less than a month after being going on sale in the US.

We've been using the two new iPhones for the last few days and will soon have
our detailed reviews out. Meanwhile, you can watch our unboxing videos of the
two phones.

iPhone 6S unboxing

iPhone 6S Plus unboxing

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Tonight

                       April 26, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program expanded to include online purchases

BYLINE: Naledi Nyamambi

LENGTH: 207  words


In a Monday announcement, tech biggie Apple has revealed that it is expanding
its iPhone Upgrade Program to include online purchases of iPhone.

According to the announcement, prospective iPhone buyers who want to purchase a
new iPhone 6s or 6s Plus handset from the Apple website can now avail the
benefits of the company's iPhone Upgrade Program.

The iPhone Upgrade Program is Apple's two-year interest-free payment plan which
enables customers to trade in their old iPhones for a next-generation model. The
program is currently limited to Apple's present-generation flagship handsets -
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

The program was announced by Apple in coincidence with the launch of the new
iPhones in 2015. The program originally enabled customers to trade up to the new
iPhones in brick-and-mortar Apple Stores. However, now Apple has expanded the
program to include online iPhone purchases as well.

Under the terms of the iPhone Upgrade Program, customers can purchase a brand
new, unlocked iPhone 6s -- with AppleCare+ warranty coverage -- for only $32.41
per month for 24 months. The customers also have the option to trade in their
handset for a next-generation model at no extra cost, after they have completed
12 monthly installments.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


Copyright 2016 S. G. Infotech Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s: Best features at a glance!

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- The moment that all Apple fans across the globe have been
waiting is finally here. Apple Inc on Wednesday unveiled the updated
smartphones, the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus and they are a reality now.


 2015 is an 'S' year. Here's what you need to know about the new iPhones and
what makes it so great. Let us throw a glance!
 The standout feature of the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus is the new touchscreen
technology called '3D Touch'. The new iPhones are able to recognize three levels
of touch pressure. This allows the user to perform different actions based on
the amount of pressure applied with a tap.
 The new peek and pop gestures are two examples. Press lightly on a tap target
in an app and you'll get a peek at whatever it leads to. Press harder and the
app will pop open a new screen.
 Apple's new 6s now features a 12MP camera with a new image signal processor,
advanced pixel technology and improved tone mapping. It also feature 5MP
FaceTime HD camera with Retina Flash. Both new cameras include a new
software-based flash feature that should improve low-light photography.
 iOS 9 brings more intelligence to iPhone with proactive assistance, powerful
search and improved Siri features. The foundation of iOS is even stronger with
software updates that require less space to install and advanced security
features to further protect your devices.
 Also, the new A9 chip is 70 percent faster than the A8 used in last year's
phones, and is 90 percent faster for graphics performance.
 Apple has kept the same gold tone from the iPhone 6, but also adding a new rose
gold colour for the iPhone 6s.
 Apple's new iPhones will support Motion Wallpapers. Though, Android users have
been enjoying for years now but Apple's are far more complex than anything we've
seen on other platforms.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Custom authorities tighten noose on iPhone 6s 'smugglers'

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: AIRLINES / AVIATION

LENGTH: 488 words


NEW DELHI: Those waiting for Apple's latest phones from overseas via the grey
market route may not get them. And those planning to bring them from outside
India without paying duty might need to do a rethink as they could be fined.
Smugglers of the newest iPhones may even face arrest.

Noticing a massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models through
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai customs authorities have
issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declare iPhones to
customs on arrival."

They warned that passengers picked up after passing through the green channel
will be liable to pay a fine, penalty and customs duty. According to the
release, duty will be levied even on a single phone since the value of the
device exceeds the 'free allowance.' Passengers carrying iPhones in commercial
quantity are liable to be arrested.

Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lanjewar confirmed
the developments to ET and said the rules already exist and are being reiterated
to travelers. "For goods above Rs 45,000, technically passengers have to declare
but most people are not aware of it. A duty of 36% is levied on the amount above
this limit," he said. Even if a single iPhone brought from overseas exceeds the
free allowance value, it would have to be declared and duty would have to be
paid. The cheapest iPhone 6s, which comes with storage of 16GB, is listed on
Apple's website as costing $649 (Rs 42,350) while the same model on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (Rs 48,000).

When value of undeclared goods rises above Rs 20 lakh, the authorities proceed
with arrests, Lanjewar added. The Mumbai Airport Customs authorities have seized
about 200 of the latest iPhone models valued at Rs 1.23 crore over the past two
weeks. The phones were brought into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong
Kong, London, Dubai and other countries. Authorities have since increased
screening of checked-in and hand baggage, besides profiling passengers.

ET reported last week, citing trade sources, that the iPhone 6s 16 GB would be
sold for Rs 62,000, 64 GB variant for Rs 72,000 and 128 GB version for Rs
82,000, while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at Rs 72,000, 64 GB at Rs
82,000 and 128 GB at Rs 92,000. "As the models are still to be launched in
India, passengers are trying to smuggle these iPhones for monetary benefit by
sale through grey market," the authorities have said.

The Mumbai seizure was not the only one. On Sunday, seven youth were detained at
New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport with about 182 iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus models brought in from Hong Kong and Singapore on separate flights,
officials said. With the launch 10 days away, they expect more such cases.

A customs official at Delhi airport said the department has tightened vigil for
all iPhone devices coming into India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Apple s new iPhones hit store shelves

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton twolverton@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 198 words


The new iPhones are hitting store shelves Friday morning.

Consumers can buy the latest models of Apple s smartphone, the iPhone 6s and the
jumbo-sized iPhone 6s Plus, at the company s retail stores. They can also find
them at the stores of the major wireless carriers and some other major
electronics retailers.

The key feature of the new models, which share the same size and shape as last
year s versions, is something Apple calls 3D Touch. The feature can recognize
how hard users are pressing on the devices  screens and display different kinds
of information for different presses.

The new phones also feature more powerful cameras and a faster processor than
last year s models. The rear camera in the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus has a
12-megapixel resolution, up from 8 megapixels previously.

The iPhone 6s starts at $650 without a contract. The iPhone 6s Plus starts at
$750 without a contract.

Last year s models were the first-ever large screen iPhones and sold in record
numbers. Financial analysts who follow the company generally expect the growth
in the Apple s iPhones sales to fall from its recent torrid pace.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285. Follow him at Twitter.com/troywolv.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone SE arrives in Thailand

LENGTH: 737  words


Today sees the arrival of the iPhone SE in Thailand. Ordering was available on
May 2 and deliveries should begin today. Apple online ordering was live at the
weekend, delivery is 2-4 days. English language pages for Thai shoppers have
also been updated.

There has been a considerable amount of interest in the iPhone SE here and many
people have asked me about this. Sales should be good for two reasons: the
screen size and the price.

Four different colours are available: Space Gray, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold.
Each of these has a matching Apple logo. The iPhone SE starts at almost 10,000
baht cheaper than the iPhone 6s. There are two capacity options: 16GB and 64 GB,
at 16,800 baht and 20,800 baht respectively.

I have been using a Space Gray iPhone SE for the last week and rather like its
feel and performance. While Apple had moved to larger screens with the iPhone 6,
some still prefer a smaller form factor. One of my students suggested a few
weeks back that she did not like the iPhone 6s Plus because, with her small
hands, she was always afraid of dropping it. The iPhone SE, shaped like the
iPhone 5, is made for her and others with smaller hands.

I must admit I always had a soft spot for the iPhone 5. I particularly liked the
way the flat edges allowed me to balance the device easily for taking photos,
something the iPhone SE does exceptionally well. The smaller dimensions allow it
to fit in the hand snugly, but the output is every bit as good as that from the
iPhone 6s Plus I currently use as my everyday phone. Both phones use the same
camera.

I took several images and found them clear, sharp and nicely saturated. Like the
iPhone 6s, blue skies come out particularly well. What the camera also allows is
the normal output types of Live Photos, HDR, Time-Lapse, Slo-Mo and video. That
includes 4K video.

Specifications also include the Touch ID that allows users to access the phone
using a fingerprint. This can also be used for purchasing. I use this for most
of the apps I buy from iTunes. What the iPhone SE does not have is the 3D Touch,
which would require different glass and extra sensors, but for 10,000 baht less,
there must be some limits.

The smaller screen also means that fewer app icons can be displayed. The display
of content is also limited, particularly in comparison with the iPhone 6s Plus,
so my experiences here are not representative. I like the bigger screen because
I can use it for work. A smaller screen needs compromises.

Although it looks like the iPhone 5 on the outside, the A9 chip that it shares
with the iPhone 6s makes the iPhone SE much faster. In use, this iPhone, with
its sharp and clear display is an efficient work device. Over a couple of days I
made it my main iPhone (I only have one SIM) with no major problems. I was still
able to use a couple of apps I have only on the larger device via the Personal
Hotspot.

The faster processor also meant that Siri worked every bit as well on the iPhone
SE as it does on the iPhone 6s models and that allowed another efficiency boost,
along with access to all my data on iCloud, including documents, music, photos.
Apart from a couple of minor omissions, the iPhone SE gives access to the iPhone
experience at a more measured price.

As well as its enterprise connection with IBM, Apple last week signed an
agreement with the software giant SAP of Germany for development of native iOS
apps for the enterprise. There will also be a new iOS software development kit
(SDK) and training academy so that developers, partners and customers can easily
build native iOS apps tailored to their business needs.

Rumours at the weekend suggest that there will be a major update to Apple Music
at WWDC in June along with a massive update to iOS. I hope to be there. To start
things off, in a few countries Apple has introduced a US$4.99 (175 baht) student
subscription. That is also the price of Apple Music here as some items are not
available, although there is lots of local music. iTunes does too much these
days and could also do with a redesign, perhaps separating some of the services.

When Microsoft introduced the Surface, Steven Sinofsky was the main presenter,
but he left the company not long after. Last week he wrote about the way he
works with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. He notes that it is not the operating system
that is of concern, but the task that the user needs to do, as I have several
times in this column and online.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                Kolkata Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Newest iPhones Within 2 Months of Launch

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 221 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flag ging sales in what is
histori cally its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship de vices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at '. 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, accord
52,000 and ' ing to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of
anonymity . The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB
-of

both models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
devices between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national
retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are

not willing to upgrade to the new model," said a senior ex ecutive of another
national retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlin ng concerns around the ini ial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Coun erpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                          September 16, 2015 Wednesday

Not waiting on Apple

BYLINE: Cheng Sokhorng

LENGTH: 643  words


Cambodian consumers are queuing up to get their hands on the latest models of
the iPhone, with some local grey-market retailers promising to stock the highly
anticipated handsets months ahead of their expected official launch in the
Kingdom.

Apple Inc will launch its new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets in 12
international markets on September 25.

No official date has been given for their release in the Cambodian market, but
retailers looking back to the sales frenzy surrounding the iPhone 6's debut last
year say they are tapping their international networks to cash in on the
lucrative trade in flipped smartphones.

Chhim Sang Heng, the owner of Hak Se phone shop in Phnom Penh, says he plans to
begin selling phones in his shop within hours of their international release.

I have many customers who have already pre-ordered the 6S even though they don't
know the price yet, he said. My friends will wait in line at the Apple store
[overseas] to buy it and bring the iPhone to me in the evening.

Heng said that during previous iPhone model releases, stock ran out on the
launch date before many of the customers queuing at Apple stores overseas could
purchase the handsets, despite Apple imposing a two-phone limit per customer.

Nonetheless, he plans to obtain and sell 50 to 60 phones on the first day of the
launch, making them available in his store on the same evening.

Last year, Heng said he sold the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for about $2,300 and
$2,700, respectively.

My customers who are willing to buy the high-priced iPhone understand how hard
and difficult it is to wait in line for the iPhone, he said.

According to the Apple website, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature 3D touch, a
12-megapixel iSight camera, an updated smart chip, and a new rose gold colour
option.

Employees at Vathanak phone shop in Phnom Penh predict that the new version of
the iPhone will sell for $1,250 in the Cambodian grey market, compared to $649
and $749, the official retail prices for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus respectively
in the US.

They expect the street price will drop within days of the launch - but many
customers are prepared to pay a premium to have the new model on the first day.

My customers want me to call them when the iPhone 6S arrives, and they are going
to buy from me, Lun Maneth, manager at Vathanak phone shop said. My customers
like to buy the iPhone from my phone shop because it is the same quality as, but
cheaper than, phones sold at the iOne centre or Smart.

Maneth buys the handsets from wholesalers, or has his friends or relatives buy
them from Apple stores in the US.

Ly Kim Hong, a small business owner from Takeo province, said that her entire
family uses iPhones and she is planning to upgrade to the new model.

I like to use iPhone because it doesn't have bugs like other phones she said. I
am a fan of iPhone and I will buy the new version once it's released.

But authorised retailers are urging customers to wait for the official Cambodian
release.

Kao Damaityma, marketing manager of iOne, one of two licensed retailers in the
Kingdom, warned that iPhones purchased on the grey market are more costly and
come without a warranty.

Customers should not buy iPhones from local phone shops, it is too risky, she
said.

They can save more money [if they buy directly from iOne], because the cost at
local shops is much higher than the cost of our authorised stock, which comes
with a licensed warranty.

She said that customers who purchased iPhones from local phone shops in the past
contacted iOne about problems with their phones, such as altered accessories,
fake serial numbers, or that the handset was previously used or its box had been
opened.

Smart, the other authorised seller of iPhones in Cambodia, declined to comment
yesterday. The telecom firm sold out of the iPhone 6 on its first day of
official release in the Kingdom last November.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple sells 13 million new iPhones in 3 days

LENGTH: 238  words


Apple sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones in the
first three days of sale, the technology giant has announced.

The figure is a new record for Apple, having previously sold 10 million of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus when it went on sale last year. The new 6s model has a
better camera, faster processor and a pressure-sensitive screen for the first
time.

Queues formed outside Apple Stores around the world as the new phones went on
sale on Friday.

The company's chief executive Tim Cook said of the figures: "Sales for iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any previous first weekend
sales results in Apple's history.

"Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos,
and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even
more countries on October 9."

Following the launch of the iPhone 6 last year, Apple went on to see more than
70 million units in three months, and post the largest ever quarterly profit by
a public company in history of £11.8 billion.

There had been suggestions that given the huge sales last year, and the modest
upgrades on the device that demand could drop, however the addition of China as
a launch day country for the first time is likely to have boosted demand once
again.

Apple confirmed the new iPhones will also launch in 40 more countries on October
9, and reach 130 countries by the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

Festive Season Now the Apple of Tech Co's Eyes

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE ECONOMIC TIMES

LENGTH: 435 words


After a tepid start to sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, there's been a
turnaround with Indian buyers matching the rest of the world in fervour for the
devices. Apple is set for its best-ever quarter in local sales thanks to
promotional offers and discounts it launched before Diwali.

The company shipped more than 413,500 of the latest iPhones in the first

month of its launch to Nov 15, which is close to what Apple sold in the entire
October-December quarter last year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone
market.

Shipments of the new iPhones made up nearly 74% of Apple's total in the month
and a half that began Oct 1, according to shipment data

from Cybex Exim. Apple imported 562,500 iPhones between October 1 and November
15. That compares with 500,000 units it sold in the October-December last year,
its best quarter thus far. "The initial momentum was not that strong, so Apple
went in for a change and offered discounts on new phones," said Tarun Pathak,
senior analyst at Counterpoint Research.

"But the overall demand for Apple iPhone still remains strong, thanks to the
strong aspirational value attached to the brand," said Tarun Pathak of
Counterpoint Research.Research agencies estimate that sales for the quarter
ending December may exceed 700,000 units.

Apple launched the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in India on October 16 at ' .
62,000-92,000 depending on the memory and model, about ' . 14,000-16,000 more
than in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple admitted that the high prices may have discouraged buyers."We've adjusted
some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus...
Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see some
impact on sales rates," Apple's CFO Luca Maestri said late last month on an
earnings call about the impact of foreign exchange fluctuations in parts of the
world including India.

The weak debut prompted a rethink by Apple and the announcement of a buyback
programme offering discounts of as much as . 34,000 in early November, just be'
fore Diwali. That strategy seems to have paid off, said retailers and those in
the trade.

"Our iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales were very good primarily due to the buyback
offer, which started a week before Diwali," said the chief executive of a
leading retail chain in south India. "It started out slow but because of that
offer, which we marketed very well too, we had a very good sale for Apple
phones."

The 413,500 iPhones shipped in the first month represents a trebling of the
monthly average that Apple clocked for its fiscal year ended September.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone sales top 13 mn in opening weekend

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Mumbai: Kotak Mahindra Group Limited has issued following news release:



  Apple Inc. announced that it has sold more than 13 million new iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus models, a new record, just three days after launch.

 &ldquo;Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing
past any previous first weekend sales results in Apple&rsquo;s history,&rdquo;
said Tim Cook, Apple&rsquo;s CEO. &ldquo;Customers&rsquo; feedback is incredible
and they are loving 3D Touch and Live Photos, and we can&rsquo;t wait to bring
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in even more countries on October
9.&rdquo;

 Sales completed by Saturday, September 26 will be included in Apple&rsquo;s
2015 fourth fiscal quarter results, and sales completed on Sunday, September 27
will be included in Apple&rsquo;s 2016 first fiscal quarter results.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 8, 2016

Jio offers new iPhone users free service for 12 months

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 425  words


NEW DELHI: Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio Infocomm will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, along with complimentary services of Jio Digital Services for 12
months.

"Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in India. Jio
announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced
iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and water
resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is the
most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever
in an iPhone," said Reliance Jio Infocomm, the wireless arm of Reliance
Industries Ltd (RIL).

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio.

"Jio is India's 4G-only network, providing high-speed internet across India. The
true power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the
Jio network," he said.

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

"Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications," it said.

"All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone
7 plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans," it added.

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

"IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

iPhone 6s goes on sale and a robot is one of its first customers

LENGTH: 341  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Sept. 28 -- The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have both gone on sale
with expectations that Apple's new smartphones could smash the records set by
the previous models. Hundreds of people queued up around the world to be among
the first to get their hands on the iPhone 6s before anyone else. From Tokyo to
London's Covent Garden, die-hard fans pitched tents, prepped their flasks of
coffee and bedded down for the long haul ahead of the 8am launch. Queuing for an
Apple product has become something of a ritual at the company's stores, indeed
on launch day the first in line are clapped and praised for their dedication.
This year was no exception, aside from in Sydney where one of the first people
to buy an iPhone 6s wasn't actually a person at all, but a robot, Huffington
Post reports.

Lucy, a telepresence robot complete with iPad 'face', was the third person in
line to buy the new iPhone with her American Express card rather precariously
taped to the robot's head.

The iPhone 6s boldly comes with the tagline 'The only thing that's changed is
everything' and while on the surface it might look like this is a somewhat
misplaced claim the truth is this is an entirely different phone on the inside.

The 6s comes with a new 3D Touch display which allows the iPhone to detect how
hard you're pushing down on the screen opening up a myriad of opportunities for
developers and for Apple's operating system iOS 9.

Straight out of the box new users will be able to 'Peek' into emails, messages
and apps by pressing firmly down on the screen. A firmer press then 'Pops' the
preview into fullscreen.

Along with the new screen the new iPhone is much faster boasting a 70 percent
boost in CPU and 90 percent boost in graphics. Finally Apple's new phone comes
with a 12MP camera that can shoot 'Live Photos' and record - for the first time
- 4K video.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus review: Blazing fast performance

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1516 words


Appearances Can Be Deceptive

"Both new iPhones look the same as before" is the most common complaint when it
comes to the 's' variants. Ever since the iPhone 3GS released in 2009, Apple has
followed the 'tick-tock' strategy - the tick is the all-new model and the 'tock'
has mostly internal upgrades. However, with these new phones - they're not
exactly the same dimensions as before, even though they look identical. There's
a minor difference in thickness (6.9mm for iPhone 6 and 7.1mm for 6s - and 7.1mm
to 7.3mm for the plus version). This means that all existing cases and skins may
not fit. We tried a couple of aftermarket cases meant for the 6 Plus on the 6s
Plus - one was fine, the other wasn't. Screen protectors in general are fine but
don't buy any textured skins unless they are specifically cut for the 6s and 6s
Plus. You can chalk up the slight difference due to the thicker and stronger
aluminium used in the new phones plus the new 3D Touch capacitive displays.

So What's New?

For both new phones, there are three key improvements. First is 3D Touch. This
is a hardware-enabled feature that cannot be implemented on older iPhones. The
screen can detect varying levels of pressure which let you 'peek' at and 'pop'
into content. More on this later. Second, you get substantial performance
improvements which come because of the new processor. Third biggest change is
the 'Taptic' engine - it's a larger, more precise vibration motor that can do
different types of vibration (different intensity and duration) to convey
contextual feedback. This also has use in gaming - similar to rumble feedback
you get with game controllers. Apart from this, the new phones are heavier than
before (172 vs 192 grams for the 6s plus and 129 vs 143 grams for the 6s) -
probably due to the heavier 3D Touch screen, addition of the Taptic engine and
stronger aluminium.

How Much Better is the Camera?

Substantially better - and it's not just about the bump in resolution from 8MP
to 12MP. Both the 6s and 6s Plus get the new sensor and the Plus also gets the
benefit of a very effective optical image stabilisation system. The front iSight
camera resolution has been improved from 1.2MP to 5MP and the screen acts like a
colour-corrected flash in low light. We found that the results in auto mode are
consistently goood across the board and with different lighting conditions.
Comparing the 6s and 6s Plus to devices like Galaxy S6 and Note 5, we found a
few key differences. On the device, photos tend to look better on the super
amoled screens of the Galaxy devices but compared side-by-side, the differences
are minimal. The S6 and Note are better at creating a shallower depth of field
and have higher resolution. The iPhones offer truer colour and have a better
dynamic range. Once again, these are among the best smartphone cameras on the
market.

What's Up With The Screen?

3D Touch is a big addition this year. Like the capacitive touchscreen, this is a
feature that could trickle down to all touchscreens. It lets you peek at
something (without actually opening it) with a harder press. For instance, you
can press harder on an email to peek inside - the same can be done on text
messages, calendar entries and image gallery. Press even harder and you can
'pop' into the item full screen. A harder press on certain app icons will throw
up contextual menus too. This feature is on Apple apps and other developers are
following up too - it works great on Facebook and Instagram for instance - more
developers are enabling 3D Touch support every day. We're happy to see that 3D
Touch continues to work with screen protectors (even tempered glass). As for the
IPS LCD screen itself, Apple doesn't seem to want to be in this race. That's why
we think the screen is the weakest link here. The 6s has a 4.7-inch screen with
a resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi) while the 6s plus has a 5.5-inch
screen with a resotuion of 1920 x 1080 pixels (401 ppi). The screen has
excellent colours, viewing angles and brightness, but it still falls short of
the super amoled screens on Samsung flagships.

What About Performance?

iPhones have always been about the experience rather than raw specs on paper.
iOS is not resource hungry and does things bit differently as compared to
Android. That being said, the new A9 chip offers loads of performance. It's a
dual core chip (two large cores, as compared to six or eight small ones) - but
this offers an advantage with apps that can only use one core at a time.
Needless to say, the new devices are really fast - while booting up, launching
apps, multi-tasking, viewing photos, editing video, gaming and so on.

Anything Else?

Battery life might be a concern for some, given that the new devices have
slightly smaller batteries than before. It's not a major issue since they don't
use much power in standby. You'll still find that heavy users will prefer the 6s
Plus for all day battery life while 6s users will struggle to last the entire
day. The new camera features are a hoot to use: Live Photos (it's like a photo
with embedded mini video), slow motion, 4k video is really good (with optical
stabilisation - and you can zoom into a recorded video) and built in time lapse.

Wrapping up

3D Touch is great and it has been implemented well across the device -
developers will take some time to catch up. Expect it to be a standard feature
from now on. If you have an iPhone 5S or older, the benefits of upgrading are
huge! Performance is blazing fast and these are some of the best cameras you can
get on a smartphone. Like it or not, you can't ignore the prices - India is one
of the most expensive places to buy an iPhone. And the battery life will
continue to be an issue for heavy users. But overall, these two new devices get
a high recommendation.

Specifications: Apple A9 SoC (dual core) with M9 motion co-processor, 2GB RAM,
16 to 128GB storage, global LTE, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, WiFi ac, Touch ID v 2.0,
5MP front camera, 500 cd/m2 max brightness, 3D Touch, 4k video, Lightning
connector

iPhone 6s: 12MP rear camera with True Tone flash, f2.2, sapphire crystal lens
cover, 4.7-inch IPS LCD (1334 x 750 pixels), 143 grams

Price:

Rs 62,000 (16GB)

Rs 72,000 (32GB)

Rs 82,000 (128GB)

* * * * 1/2

iPhone 6s Plus: 12MP rear camera with True Tone flash and optical image
stabilisation, f2.2, sapphire crystal lens cover, 5.5-inch IPS LCD (1920 x 1080
pixels), 192 gram

Price:

Rs 72,000 (16GB)

Rs 82,000 (32GB)

Rs 92,000 (128GB)

* * * * 1/2

- Excellent performance, superb cameras, super-fast Touch ID, excellent build
quality, useful OS-wide 3D Touch

- 16GB storage is too little for a phone of this capability, screen is the
weakest link when compared to competition, expensive

The A9 'Chipgate' - Does it Matter?

The new iPhones have barely been out a month but the controversies have already
started. Like Antennagate (with the iPhone 4) and Bendgate (with the 6 and 6
Plus), the buzz doing the rounds on social media is Chipgate. It has primarily
to do with the fact that Apple has contracted out manufacturing of its A9 chip
to two companies: Samsung and TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company).
While it still is primarily the same design, the Samsung chip uses a 14nm
manufacturing process while the TSMC chip uses a 16nm process. With
software-based performance and battery testing, there is a significant
difference between the two - with TSMC's version coming out ahead on almost all
counts. However, software benchmarks have a habit of testing by maxing out the
hardware and this doesn't translate directly to real-world usage. With the two
devices that Apple lent us, one was a Samsung and the other was TSMC. With real
world usage, the differences fade away to a level where it stops mattering.
After all, will you actually be measuring that a TSMC chip device lasted 15
minutes more than a Samsung chip on a daily basis? There's no way to check which
chip a device has before buying and they're not distributed in any order. If you
have one of the new iPhones and want to check which A9 chip you have, it's
fairly simple. Get a free app called Lirum from the App Store. On the home page,
you'll see details about the model number. If your device has an A9 from TSMC,
it'll say N71mAP or N76mAP. If it's made by Samsung, it'll say N71AP or N66AP.

A 16GB iPhone 6s? Yes or no?

You know that the 's' version in Apple's iPhone line offers mostly internal
upgrades rather than overt design upgrades - it's the 'tick-tock' cycle in
action. This year though, expectations were high that the 16GB entry-level
storage version would be done away with. The justifications are many: storage is
cheaper, the iPhone now has 4k video recording (which can eat up space faster
than you think), photo size has increased, Android flagship competition is
usually 32 or 64GB and app sizes have been growing over the years. Basically,
Apple should not be offering a 16GB version on a device of this class at all. If
you intend to really use the device - with apps, music, videos, lots of photos,
4k recording and so on, you need to get at least 64GB

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Delhi Edition

RED LIGHT FOR GREY MARKET Airport Tightens Noose on iPhone 6s 'Smugglers'

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 483 words


Those waiting for Ap ple's latest phones from overseas via the grey market route
may no get them. And those planning to bring them from outside India without
paying duty might need to do a rethink as they could be fined Smugglers of the
newest iPhones may even face arrest.

Noticing a massive spurt in smug gled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models
through Chhatrapati Shiv aji International Airport, Mumba customs authorities
have issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declare iPhones to
customs on arrival."

They warned that passengers picked up after passing through the green channel
will be liable to pay a fine, penalty and customs duty . Ac cording to the
release, duty will be levied even on a single phone since the value of the
device exceeds the 'free allowance.' Passengers carry ing iPhones in commercial
quanti ty are liable to be arrested.

Additional Commissioner of Cus toms, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lan jewar confirmed
the developments to ET and said the rules already ex ist and are being
reiterated to travel ers. "For goods above ' . 45,000, techni cally passengers
have to declare bu most people are not aware of it. A du ty of 36% is levied on
the amoun above this limit," he said. Even if a single iPhone brought from over
seas exceeds the free allowance val ue, it would have to be declared and duty
would have to be paid.

The cheapest iPhone 6s, which comes with storage of 16GB, is list ed on Apple's
website as costing $649 (.'42,350) while the same mode on its Singapore website
can be pur chased for S$1,048 (. '48,000).

When value of undeclared goods rises above ' . 20 lakh, the authorities proceed
with arrests, Lanjewar added. The Mumbai Airport Cus toms authorities have
seized abou 200 of the latest iPhone models val ued at '. 1.23 crore over the
past two weeks. The phones were brough

into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong Kong, London, Dubai and other
countries. Author ities have since increased screen ing of checked-in and hand
baggage, besides profiling passengers.

ET reported last week, citing trade sources, that the iPhone 6s 16 GB would be
sold for ' . 62,000, 64 GB variant for ' . 72,000 and 128 GB version for '.
82,000, while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at . 72,000, 64 GB at ' '
. 82,000 and 128 GB . 92,000. "As the models are still to at ' be launched in
India, passengers are trying to smuggle these iPhones for monetary benefit by
sale through grey market," the authorities have said.

The Mumbai seizure was not the only one. On Sunday , seven youth were detained
at New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport with about 182 iPhone 6s and
6s Plus models brought in from Hong Kong and Singapore on separate flights,
officials said. With the launch 10 days away , they expect more such cases.

A customs official at Delhi airport said the department has tightened vigil for
all iPhone devices coming into India.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Comparison: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 vs HTC 10 vs LG G5 vs Apple iPhone 6S Plus

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


NEW DELHI: Samsung has launched its Galaxy Note 7 phablet with a bunch of new
security features including the iris scanner. The phablet packs high-end
specifications and is also optimised to work with the next-gen Gear VR headset,
which also launched alongside the Note 7. Samsung calls its new phablet to be
the 'world's most intelligent smartphone'. Although the company has not yet
mentioned the India price of the Galaxy Note 7, the device would definitely be
competing with the flagship devices in the market. To see where the Galaxy Note
7 stands against other high-end handsets in the market, here is a comparison of
the device with the HTC 10, LG G5 and the iPhone 6S Plus.DisplaySamsung Galaxy
Note 7 - 5.7-inch QHD (2560x1440 pixels) Super Amoled with Corning Gorilla Glass
5.HTC 10 - 5.2-inch QHD resolution Super LCD 5 with Corning Gorilla Glass 3.LG
G5 - 5.3-inch QHD resolution IPS LCD with Corning Gorilla Glass 4.Apple iPhone
6S Plus - 5.5-inch full-HD (1080x1920 pixels) IPS display with 3D Touch
technology.ProcessorSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - octa-core Exynos 8890/ quad-core
Qualcomm Snapdragon 820HTC 10 - Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820LG G5 -
Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820Apple iPhone 6S Plus - Apple A9
processorRAMSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 4GB RAMHTC 10 - 4GB RAMLG G5 - 4GB RAMApple
iPhone 6S Plus - 2GB RAMInbuilt StorageSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 64GB inbuilt
storage with microSD storage option up to 256GBHTC 10 - 32GB inbuilt storage
with microSD storage option up to 2TBLG G5 - 32GB inbuilt storage with microSD
storage option up to 2TBApple iPhone 6S Plus - 16/64/128GB with no external
storage option.CameraSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 12MP 'Dual Pixel' rear camera along
with 5MP front-facing camera.HTC 10 - 12MP 'Ultrpixel' rear camera along with
5MP front-facing camera.LG G5 - 16MP+8MP dual rear camera along with an 8MP
front-facing camera.Apple iPhone 6S Plus - 12MP iSight camera along with 5MP
Facetime camera.SizeSamsung Galaxy Note 7 - 153.5x73.9x7.9mm.HTC 10 -
145.9x71.9x9.0mm.LG G5 - 149.4x73.9x7.3mm.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
158.2x77.9x7.3mm.BatterySamsung Galaxy Note 7 - non removable 3500mAh.HTC 10 -
non-removable 3000mAh.LG G5 - removable 2800mAh.Apple iPhone 6S Plus -
non-removable 2750mAh.


For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 13, 2015

Zopper announces pre-booking for iPhone 6S, 6S Plus

BYLINE: VoicenData Bureau

LENGTH: 202  words


New Delhi: Zopper, India's hyper local mobile marketplace, has announced the
pre-booking of iPhone's latest 6S and 6S Plus smartphones.

The pre-booking, which is currently live on Zopper's portal, will see the
marketplace offer a discount of Rs 1,000 to users who are using Zopper's
platform to pre-book. Additionally, Zopper users using mobile wallets for
payments will have an additional advantage of a Rs 5,000 cashback upon delivery.

The smartphone, which is powered by a 64-bit A9 chip, has 70 percent faster CPU
and 90 percent faster GPU performance. With a 12 megapixel iSight camera, iPhone
6S allows users to capture high definition photographs and videos.

Neeraj Jain, Co-Founder and CEO, Zopper, said, "iPhone is one of the most
sought-after mobile phones in the world. By making iPhone 6s and 6S Plus
available for pre-booking on our platform, Zopper is providing the Indian
consumers a great chance to be amongst the first proud owners of this
feature-laden smartphone. Moreover, our value-driven discount and cashback offer
will ensure our users get the best deals at the best prices."

The delivery for the pre-booked iPhone 6S sets will be made by Zopper on 16th
October, the first day of its India launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2015 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple sells 13 million iPhones in first weekend on market

BYLINE: Ciara O'Brien

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 190 words


Irish Apple fans hoping to get their hands on the new iPhone will be able to do
so next week.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which went on sale on September 25th in 12 countries
including the US, UK, China and Australia, will be launched in 40 more markets
on October 9th. Ireland, Mexico, Russia and Spain are among the second tranche
to get the phone, with Apple intending to make the handsets available in more
than 130 countries by the end of the year.

The phone will cost from EUR 759 for the iPhone 6S and EUR 869 for the iPhone 6S
Plus, with 216GB, 64GB and 128GB models available. The Apple Watch arrived in
Ireland last week, several months after its April launch.

Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
handsets within three days of its launch, with chief executive Tim Cook
describing the sales as "phenomenal". They beat all first weekend sales results
in Apple's history.

When the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus debuted last year, the company sold 10 million
iPhones in the first weekend. The new phones' sales figures were given a boost
by China, which wasn't part of the initial release in 2014.

CIARA O'BRIEN

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Nikkei Asian Review (Japan)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday

Asian parts makers have pride of place in new iPhones

LENGTH: 1129 words


TADASHI NEZU, YORIHISA OTA and MOTONOBU KAWAI, Nikkei Electronics staff writer
and Nikkei staff writers

TOKYO/KYOTO -- A teardown of Apple's new iPhone 6s models by Nikkei Electronics
magazine reveals that Japanese and Asian electronic parts makers contribute a
lot to the new features of the latest iPhones.

The U.S. consumer electronics giant continues to rely on Japanese and other
Asian manufacturers for key components of the iPhone, such as cameras, liquid
crystal display panels, sensors and lithium-ion batteries.

One prominent feature of the 6s is the 3D touch. It enables the new models --
the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus -- to sense three different levels of pressure the
user applies to the screen. What's more, the new models are equipped with the
Taptic Engine, which gives the user a more precise level of Taptic, Apple's
feedback vibrator.

Consumer electronics makers often face a host of technical challenges when they
bring new features to their products. To avoid this problem, it seems that Apple
relies on Japanese electronic parts makers for their ability to deliver
technological solutions. "Once again, I realize how much Apple depends on
Japanese makers," said Minatake Kashio, director of Fomalhaut Techno Solutions,
a Tokyo-based mobile equipment teardown company.

Kashio believes Japanese manufacturers, such as Nippon Mektron, Nippon Steel &
Sumikin Chemical, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals, are involved in the supply of
pressure-sensitive sensors used to enable the 3D touch function. According to
his analysis, the Taptic Engine is supplied by Kyoto-based motor maker Nidec and
Chinese micro-component provider AAC Technologies Holdings.

Other components makers are also involved in developing the new functions. We
found that the pressure-sensitive sensors are made by Taiwan-based Zhen Ding
Technology Holding.

Korean parts makers have also been manufacturing iPhone parts. Inside the new
iPhone 6s are LG Display's LCD panel, SK Hynix's flash memory, Samsung
Electronics-made application processors and so on.

Kashio pointed out that Asian countries have also played a crucial role as
production bases. It is true that many key components are made in China and
other countries in the region.

Another new trend is that the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have different types
of Taptic Engine. This could indicate that the iPhone 7 will have more vibration
device functions.

The teardown also showed that a total of 96 pressure-sensitive sensor electrodes
have been laid out in 12 rows and eight columns inside the new iPhones. The
electrostatic capacity between these electrodes and the user's fingers helps
determine the level of force applied to the screen.

Fewer parts

In addition, various features of the iPhone 6s are consolidated into its
large-scale integrated circuit chips. This means the new models use a smaller
number of components, which in turn helps cut production costs.

For instance, the M9 coprocessor, used to process sensor data and other tasks,
has been integrated into the A9 application processor. The A9 appears to be made
using Samsung's 14-nanometer process or Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg.'s 16nm
process, according to the teardown results.

The new iPhones have about 200 fewer passive components, such as multilayer
ceramic capacitors on a printed circuit board, Kashio said. But it is still hard
to believe that the number of passive components has significantly declined, as
the iPhones need a certain number of them to respond to a wide band of
frequencies around the world. Many of those passive parts are suspected to have
been built into the communications module.

Kashio has also noticed that iPhone 6s models use geomagnetic sensors supplied
by Alps Electric, instead of the ones made by Asahi Kasei Microdevices.

As sales of smartphones vary among electronics makers, Japanese makers are vying
to develop parts for iPhones, a strong seller around the globe.

Taptic Engine and Nidec

The Taptic Engine is one of the key new features of iPhone 6s models. Nidec is
believed to be a major supplier of this component. Nidec's linear actuator is
used for the Taptic Engine. The actuator's motor part repeats linear motion,
generating quicker and finer vibrations compared with conventional vibration
motors used in mobile phones and smartphones. Nidec's linear actuators have so
far been used in the Apple Watch.

Indeed, Nidec's two subsidiaries -- Nidec Copal and Nidec Seimitsu --
manufacture those conventional vibration motors and boast the biggest share in
the global micro-motor market. These two companies are mainly responsible for
producing Nidec's linear actuators, an advanced version of these vibration
motors. It seems that Apple highly regards Nidec's product reliability and
quality.

Analysts believe AAC Technologies also won a contract for supplying Taptic
Engine parts for the Apple Watch. But the Chinese maker's products were found
faulty in the initial stages of Apple Watch production. As a result, Nidec
became the sole supplier of Taptic Engine parts to Apple for some time. This
incident has highlighted the high quality of Nidec's products. But with the new
iPhone models, both of these companies are believed to be supplying their
actuators to Apple.

In the smartphone sector, other manufacturers tend to follow Apple's lead and
adopt the new features of the latest iPhone models. This means Nidec could see
potentially huge demand for its linear actuators.

These vibration devices can give the user a button-press feel when he or she
touches the buttom of the smartphone screen. Experts expect this technology to
have a variety of applications in the future, such as remotely controlling
robots with a high level of Taptic feedback.

Nidec's key product has long been hard-disk-drive motors, but the business is
suffering slowing growth due to the maturing PC market. Thus, the company is
shifting its focus to automotive parts, and industrial and home-use motors. For
Nidec, vibration devices were not necessarily its envisioned growth pillar. "I
never imagined that such a market would emerge," said Nidec Chairman and
President Shigenobu Nagamori.

Nagamori is known for his ability to achieve both high growth and high
profitability by adopting and applying excellent technologies to growth markets.
Nidec Copal suffered a huge drop in sales of its digital camera shutter parts
due to the penetration of smartphones, but it has focused instead on automotive
cameras and vibration devices in a bid to return to a growth track.

Similarly, Nidec itself has transformed some of its overseas HDD motor factories
to ramp up output of vibration devices, getting ready to tap into this growth
sector.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

EMPIRE Introduces SLIM SHOCK Series for iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE

BYLINE: Empire Cell Phone Accessories

LENGTH: 341  words


Riverside, CA,  June 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- EMPIRE Cell Phone Accessories is
proud to announce the launch of its newest phone case series, the MPERO SLIM
SHOCK Flexible Bumper Protection Case Series for the iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/
6S Plus, and iPhone SE. Available in time for Father's Day, this new phone case
series is available today online and in their Riverside, CA Retail Showroom.

This phone case may be slim, but it was made for protection. On the interior of
the SLIM SHOCK, there are hundreds of circular shock absorbing spacers that
create a cushion of air for an additional layer of protection. The corners of
phones are extremely vulnerable, and easily broken upon impact, that's why the
SLIM SHOCK is designed with bumpers around the edges to prevent serious damage
from clumsy drops or accidental falls. The ribbed sides of the case are
ergonomically designed for a comfortable grip. The case comes in clear, as well
as translucent tints of gold and pink for those who want to add a hint of color.

The MPERO SLIM SHOCK Series case for the iPhone 6/6S, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE are available today on empirecase.com for $8.99 each. Additional MPERO
SLIM SHOCK Series cases are available for Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime, and Samsung Galaxy J1
(2016).

About EMPIRE

Launched in 2011 by a cell phone case designer who was fed up with limited cell
phone case options, EMPIRE believes that every cell phone user is unique and has
a right to a case that suits them perfectly. That's why designer Laura Land and
her team spend three months each year researching current trends and styles
before designing each year's collection of cases. Available for all major brands
and styles, EMPIRE offer everything from striking solids to bold designs for men
and women. With a goal to offer high quality at low prices, EMPIRE focuses on
bundle sales and always offers free worldwide shipping on all orders. To learn
more or find your perfect case, visit www.empirecase.com today.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple says preorders for new iPhones will set a record

BYLINE: By Patrick May pmay@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words


Scrambling to meet an unexpectedly robust demand for its new iPhone 6s Plus,
Apple said Monday that preorders have been so strong that the company should
surpass last year's record sales of 10 million phones over the first weekend.

"The online demand for iPhone 6S Plus has been exceptionally strong and exceeded
our own forecasts for the pre-order period," Apple said in a statement. "We are
working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have iPhone 6S Plus as
well as iPhone 6S units available at Apple retail stores when they open next
Friday."

Unveiled last week at an event in San Francisco, the two new models -- the 6S
and the slightly larger 6S Plus -- became available for preorders over the
weekend. Hyped on stage by CEO Tim Cook and his lieutenants as practically a
compete overhaul, with the slogan "The Only Thing That's Changed is Everything,"
the new phones have more memory and faster chips inside. Besides a new 12
megapixel camera, the phones feature a new "3D Touch" screen that allows users
to dive deeper into an email or webpage simply by applying more pressure to the
glass with their fingers.

"This news doesn't surprise us," said analyst Tim Bajarin with Creative
Strategies. "Apple continues to give reasons for people to upgrade, including
the new 3D Touch, and the improved camera and processor."

Bajarin also pointed out that fewer than a third of iPhone owners have upgraded
yet to the original iPhone 6 released last September, "so there's still plenty
of headroom for iPhone 6Ss and 6S Plus growth."

Apple stock jumped more than 1 percent during trading Monday.

Contact Patrick May at 408-920-5689 or follow him at Twitter.com/patmaymerc

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October.

The only real usability issue with a lack of headphone jack is when you want to
charge your phone while listening to music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 489  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Daily Herald-Tribune (Grande Prairie)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, The Whig-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice , but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. NP7

LENGTH: 489  words


If it ' s September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And
if this year ' s iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year ' s iPhone, that
' s because, well, it is.

Calledthe iPhone 7andthe iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time Apple
has not followed one of its S -series with a design change - a deviation from
its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of the
new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though the
weight is slightlyless.

TheFinancialPost was one of afew media outlets globally to receive early
reviewunits of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that ' s up to 40 per cent faster
than lastyear ' s iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switchingbetween apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removingthe button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can nowbe connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device ' s Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple ' s
newEarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a
lack of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hopingyou ' ll
payextrafor, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that ' s permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now " zoom in " optically when
takingphotos without losing quality.

Ifyouhave an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won ' t see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept . 7 in San
Francisco .;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 489  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off
contract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 477  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help

free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery or the
taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which
will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Packet & Times (Orillia)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Packet & Times (Orillia)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 19, 2015 Saturday 9:59 AM GMT

Chinese men urged to donate sperm to earn money for the new iPhone 6S;
Social media set alight after adverts appeared encouraging donors to visit sperm
banks in order to afford the iPhone 6S, reports said

BYLINE: Fergus Ryan in Beijing

SECTION: WORLD NEWS

LENGTH: 326 words


Chinese men are being encouraged to donate sperm in order to earn enough money
to buy the latest iPhone, according to reports.

The adverts, from sperm banks in several provinces including Shanghai, Hubei and
Jiangsu, have been taking social media by storm this week.

Related: Why Apple shouldn't be selling a 16GB iPhone 6S or 6S Plus

"No need to sell a kidney... Shanghai sperm bank can make your iPhone 6S dream
come true," says one ad from the Shanghai Sperm Bank, which has been widely
circulated online.

The reference to selling kidneys has become synonymous with Apple enthusiasts
ever since a 17-year-old student from Hunan sold one of his kidneys on the black
market for 22,000 yuan (£2,224) in 2011 to buy an iPhone and iPad.

Several reports of people trying to sell their kidneys to buy Apple products
have emerged lately with one man even going missing following a failed organ
sale.

Sperm banks are hoping the pitch, which comes ahead of the release of the iPhone
6S on 25 September, will help fix a shortage in donors.

The Shanghai Sperm Bank is promising 6,000 yuan for 17 millilitres of semen for
those who qualify to donate. Donors needs to be university educated,
disease-free and over 5 foot 5.

"This is going to make me really suspicious of anyone with an iPhone 6S" said
one user on Weibo, China's Twitter.

"Wow I hope it's real, no need to give away a kidney for any Apple products
now!" wrote another.

According to a spokesperson with the Shanghai Sperm Bank, the campaign has
worked well so far, raising awareness and attracting potential donors, the state
news agency Xinhua reported.

A poll conducted on Sina Weibo shows that Chinese social media users are split
on the appropriateness of the campaign with close to 20% calling it unseemly and
another 27% saying they will donate immediately.

"I need the address to Hubei Sperm Bank now please" said one user.

Additional reporting Amber Ziye Wang

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 6, 2016 Wednesday 12:02 PM GMT

iPhone 6S security hole lets attackers access contacts and photos without
passcode;
Lockscreen flaw allows attackers to quickly access personal information on a
locked iPhone 6S or 6S Plus using Siri, Twitter and 3D Touch

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 335 words


A security flaw with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will let anyone bypass the phone
lock and access personal information without having to know the passcode.

The bug, discovered by Jose Rodriguez, who found a similar security hole last
year, requires Siri but unlike many other iPhone hacks is relatively easy to
execute.

All an attacker needs to do is fire up Siri from the lockscreen and prompt it to
search Twitter for any email address. Once one is found, 3D Touching the email
address will bring up a context menu from which you can create a new contact or
add to an existing contact.

That gives the attacker complete access to your contacts. If the Contacts app
has ever been given permission to access the iPhone's photo library, the
attacker can also browse your photos by attempting to add a photo to that new or
existing contact.

All that is possible without unlocking the device.

Users can protect themselves from having their photos accessed with the
lockscreen bypass by simply denying Siri and the Contacts app access to their
photos within the iPhone's Privacy settings. But to prevent access to contacts
through the flaw requires disabling Siri while the iPhone is locked within the
Touch ID and Passcode settings.

The bypass bug only affects those devices with 3D Touch screens - the iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus - but comes just after FBI's recent battles with Apple to unlock the
San Bernardino shooter's iPhone 5C.

The federal agency has yet to divulge how it unlocked the smartphone or whether
it or the third-party that is thought to have assisted it used a security flaw
similar to this one to bypass the passcode. In an advisory to US local and state
law enforcement, the FBI pledged to help them unlock iPhones in criminal cases
where possible.

Update:  Apple has fixed the issue with Siri, forcing it to ask for a passcode
if searching Twitter from the lockscreen.


     ·    iOS 7.0.2: Apple rolls out fix for lockscreen bypass bug
     ·    Apple iOS 9.3: activation lock and web link crashes plague users


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       April 5, 2016 Tuesday 11:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S security hole lets attackers access contacts and photos without
passcode;
Lockscreen flaw allows attackers to quickly access personal information on a
locked iPhone 6S or 6S Plus using Siri, Twitter and 3D Touch

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 312 words


A security flaw with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus will let anyone bypass the phone
lock and access personal information without having to know the passcode.

The bug, discovered by Jose Rodriguez, who found a similar security hole last
year, requires Siri but unlike many other iPhone hacks is relatively easy to
execute.

All an attacker needs to do is fire up Siri from the lockscreen and prompt it to
search Twitter for any email address. Once one is found, 3D Touching the email
address will bring up a context menu from which you can create a new contact or
add to an existing contact.

That gives the attacker complete access to your contacts. If the Contacts app
has ever been given permission to access the iPhone's photo library, the
attacker can also browse your photos by attempting to add a photo to that new or
existing contact.

All that is possible without unlocking the device.

Users can protect themselves from having their photos accessed with the
lockscreen bypass by simply denying Siri and the Contacts app access to their
photos within the iPhone's Privacy settings. But to prevent access to contacts
through the flaw requires disabling Siri while the iPhone is locked within the
Touch ID and Passcode settings.

The bypass bug only affects those devices with 3D Touch screens - the iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus - but comes just after FBI's recent battles with Apple to unlock the
San Bernardino shooter's iPhone 5C.

The federal agency has yet to divulge how it unlocked the smartphone or whether
it or the third-party that is thought to have assisted it used a security flaw
similar to this one to bypass the passcode. In an advisory to US local and state
law enforcement, the FBI pledged to help them unlock iPhones in criminal cases
where possible.


     ·    iOS 7.0.2: Apple rolls out fix for lockscreen bypass bug
     ·    Apple iOS 9.3: activation lock and web link crashes plague users


LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Peterborough Examiner

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Peterborough Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Stratford Beacon-Herald

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Stratford Beacon-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sudbury Star

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh McConnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help

free up space internally for other technology, like a bigger battery or the
taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which
will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Sudbury Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Times-Journal (St.Thomas)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s

and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better graphics capabilities. The
phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web browsing, switching
between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as photo or video
editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly. The Home button
has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that creates the
illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually moving.
Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your

phone while listening to music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the

iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the new phones feature a larger aperture, which means
improved lowlight photos with better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press; The lightning port of an iPhone
7 is shown during an event to announce new Apple products on Sept. 7 in San
Francisco.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Times-Journal (St.Thomas)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       March 8, 2016 Tuesday 8:02 AM GMT

iPhone 5se: New phone 'could hit the shops as early as March 18';
Schematic drawings and renderings of Apple's next iPhone reveal that the new
device will look very similar to the iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 579 words


Apple's eagerly anticipated 'mini iPhone' could be in shops as soon as March 18,
it has been claimed.

Expected to be called the iPhone 5se , the new handset is set to be unveiled at
a special event on March 15.

Tech newspaper 9to5Mac said it had been informed by sources what the date of the
release was and when it would hit the shops.

It reported: "Apple is currently planning to introduce a new 4-inch iPhone
dubbed the 'iPhone 5se' and a new iPad Air at an event on Tuesday, March 15th,
then put the products up for sale online and in retail stores as early as
Friday, March 18th, according to sources."

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," it added.

The revelations came as drawings claiming to be leaked images showed the new
phone will be the same size and shape as the 5s - the last iPhone to feature a
four-inch screen - with some minor design changes.

For example, designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the
lock button will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device,
like on the iPhone 6.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Evleaks tweet

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Apple traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the spring.

The iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2 will also be launched on March 15, it has been
claimed.

Read more : iPhone 5se: Leaked pictures and schematics show what Apple's next
iPhone will look like

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Earlier leaked photos suggest that it will take some design queues from the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint
reader.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus , but will be
significantly cheaper , according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    February 25, 2016 Thursday 10:58 PM GMT

iPhone 5se: New phone 'could hit the shops as early as March 18';
Schematic drawings and renderings of Apple's next iPhone reveal that the new
device will look very similar to the iPhone 5s

BYLINE: By Sophie Curtis

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 579 words


Apple's eagerly anticipated 'mini iPhone' could be in shops as soon as March 18,
it has been claimed.

Expected to be called the iPhone 5se, the new handset is set to be unveiled at a
special event on March 15.

Tech newspaper 9to5Mac said it had been informed by sources what the date of the
release was and when it would hit the shops.

It reported: "Apple is currently planning to introduce a new 4-inch iPhone
dubbed the 'iPhone 5se' and a new iPad Air at an event on Tuesday, March 15th,
then put the products up for sale online and in retail stores as early as
Friday, March 18th, according to sources."

"Apple is unlikely to offer pre-orders for the new devices, according to sources
who cautioned that the plans could still change," it added.

The revelations came as drawings claiming to be leaked images showed the new
phone will be the same size and shape as the 5s - the last iPhone to feature a
four-inch screen - with some minor design changes.

For example, designs for iPhone case makers obtained by 9to5Mac show that the
lock button will be moved from the top to the right-hand side of the device,
like on the iPhone 6.

However, separate schematics obtained by OnLeaks appear to show that the button
will remain on the top.

Evleaks tweet

Apple originally moved the lock button from the top to the side of the device
with the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - partly because the larger screen
sizes make the top difficult to reach.

If the iPhone 5se retains the 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5s, there would
be no reason to move the button, other other than to create consistency with the
rest of the iPhone line.

Apple traditionally updates its iPhone line once a year, at an event in
September, but rumours have been building for months that Apple is developing a
new device that will launch in the spring.

The iPad Air 3 and Apple Watch 2 will also be launched on March 15, it has been
claimed.

Read more: iPhone 5se: Leaked pictures and schematics show what Apple's next
iPhone will look like

Apple currently sells three iPhone models - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6s and 5.5-inch
6s Plus, which were both launched in September 2015, and the 4-inch iPhone 5s,
which launched in September 2013.

The iPhone 5se is rumoured to be a replacement for the iPhone 5s - bringing
Apple's 4-inch iPhone up to date with the other two devices.

The "se" suffix has reportedly been described in two ways by Apple employees: as
a "special edition" variation of the 4-inch iPhone screen size, and as an
"enhanced" version of the iPhone 5s.

Read more: iPhone sales may have peaked, but our love affair with Apple is far
from over

Earlier leaked photos suggest that it will take some design queues from the
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus - with curved glass edges and a "Touch ID" fingerprint
reader.

Could this be the iPhone 7? Amazing concept video shows new futuristic design

Other rumoured features include an 8-megapixel rear camera and 1.2-megapixel
front camera, support for Live Photos and Apple Pay, and the same Silver, Space
Grey, Gold and Rose Gold colour options as the 6s lineup.

The iPhone 5se will sell alongside the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but will be
significantly cheaper, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who
suggests it will cost around $400-500 (£250-350).

It will only account for 8-9% of next year's iPhone sales, but it will help
Apple expand its presence in emerging markets, and among consumers on tighter
budgets, according to Mr Kuo.

Should Apple make a budget iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

'Plus'-size gain Strong sales for new Apple phones

BYLINE: BY ALEJANDRO ALBA NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Robert Dominguez

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 253 words


Looks like the latest iPhones may be more popular than their record-setting
predecessors.

Sales for the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are on track to beat last year's iPhone 6
and 6 Plus first-weekend sales, which set a company record at 10 million units,
Apple said Monday.

"Customer response to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus has been extremely positive,
and preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," the company said.

The increase in preorders was likely boosted by demand in China, which was
included this year among the countries launching the new devices.

"China demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive
sign that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating
despite macro headwinds out of China," Daniel Ives, senior analyst for
technology, media and telecom research at FBR Capital Markets, said in a note.

Apple did not disclose the number of preorders this year, though one analyst
estimated initial weekend sales of up to 13 million units, with 2 million of the
total in the Chinese market.

The tech giant saw its shares jump nearly 2% Monday morning after the
announcement, for a third straight day of gains.

The stock price - down 13% since late July after Apple released a disappointing
quarterly earnings report and China's economy showed signs of slowing down -
closed at $115.31, up 1%.

The upgraded large-screen phones, which were unveiled last week and come with
such new features as 3D Touch, 4K video and Live Photos, will begin shipping
Sept. 25.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: First-weekend iPhone 6s and 6s Plus sales outpaced last year's results.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            St. Catherine's Standard

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 St. Catherine's Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Welland Tribune

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice, but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 488  words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple dayto-day tasks such as
web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such
as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly. The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine
vibration that creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without
anything actually moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them
water and dust resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept. 16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively,
offcontract. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Welland Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       August 9, 2015 Sunday 09:26 AM EST

iPhone 6s, Apple TV, and iPad Pro launch event set for September 9

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464  words


Click for image

With August already in full-swing, we're just weeks away from Apple taking the
wraps off its next-gen iPhone. And now, thanks to a report from Buzzfeed, we
finally have an idea as to when we can expect to see what surprises Apple has in
store for us when Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6s.

According to John Paczkowski, Apple's next big event will more than likely take
place on Wednesday, September 9. There, Apple will introduce the iPhone 6s
which, while not sporting any true aesthetic differences, will carry a number of
software and hardware improvements.

Of course, it's a given that the iPhone 6s will come with Apple's next-gen A-x
processor. It's also been reported that the iPhone 6s will finally feature 2GB
of RAM. Both of these additions should help make the iPhone user experience that
much more snappy.

Aside from that, the biggest iPhone 6s feature will likely be the inclusion of a
Force Touch display. While it remains to be seen what type of new gestures Apple
attaches to Force Touch, it's a safe bet that its inclusion will make the iPhone
user experience that much more intuitive and enjoyable.

But the interesting thing about Apple's rumored September 9 event is that it
won't be exclusively focused on the iPhone. On the contrary, Paczkowski writes
that Apple will take the opportunity to also introduce a revamped Apple TV.

As we've previously reported, Apple's next-generation Apple TV is a tactical
overhaul of the dusty set-top box, which hasn't much changed since early 2012.
Sources say the device will feature a refreshed and slimmer chassis and new
innards, Apple's A8 system on chip, an increase in on-board storage, and an
improved operating system that will support Siri voice control. Expected
alongside it, a new remote that sources say has been "drastically improved" by a
touch-pad input and a long-in-the-offing App Store.

The biggest game changer here is of course the inclusion of an App Store. With
such a feature in tow, the Apple TV instantly becomes a force to be reckoned
with in the living room. While it's one thing to mirror games on iOS to your
HDTV, giving developers the opportunity to create console style games for the
Apple TV is exceedingly intriguing.

Of course, we've seen no shortage of reports regarding Apple rolling out its own
TV subscription service alongside the Apple TV, but it appears that such plans
will remain on hold for now as Apple continues to hammer out agreements with
content providers.

What's more, there's even a chance that Apple on September 9 may showcase the
long-rumored iPad Pro. Reportedly measuring in at 12.9-inches, the iPad Pro will
seemingly flesh out Apple's iPad lineup and, if all goes according to plan, can
perhaps provide a much needed boost to what have been slumping iPad sales.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple sells record 13 million iPhones in weekend launch

LENGTH: 273  words


Apple said Monday it sold 13 million of its new iPhones over the weekend, in a
record-breaking launch for the newest models of its iconic smartphone.

The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine
markets, including China, on Friday.

Read:Orders for new iPhones on record pace: Apple

On Monday, the company said the devices will be available in 40 additional
markets October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said chief executive
Tim Cook.

Apple has also unveiled new lease and finance terms for US customers, which
analysts said could boost sales and shorten the upgrade cycle, at a time when
carriers are moving away from smartphone subsidies.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last version,
with new technologies under the hood.

Read:Has Apple arrived at a point where it cannot innovate any further?

One of the key new features is called 3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus  which updates one of the more popular handsets in the phablet category"
has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as
the earlier versions.

The post Apple sells record 13 million iPhones in weekend launch appeared first
on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple sells record 13m iPhones in weekend launch

LENGTH: 281  words


Apple said Monday it sold 13 million of its new iPhones over the weekend, in a
record-breaking launch for the newest models of its iconic smartphone.

The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine
markets, including China, on Friday.

On Monday, the company said the devices will be available in 40 additional
markets October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

"Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said Apple Chief
Executive Officer Tim Cook.

Apple has also unveiled new lease and finance terms for US customers, which
analysts said could boost sales and shorten the upgrade cycle, at a time when
carriers are moving away from smartphone subsidies.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last version,
with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.
The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus, which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category", has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as
the earlier versions.

Published in The Express Tribune, September 29th, 2015.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

The post Apple sells record 13m iPhones in weekend launch appeared first on The
Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

New iPhone features nice, but Apple faces a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 547 words


If it's September, there must be a brand new iPhone line from Apple Inc. And if
this year's iPhone looks suspiciously similar to last year's iPhone, that's
because, well, it is.

Called the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, the new line marks the first time
Apple has not followed one of its S-series with a design change - a deviation
from its usual two-year design cycle. The height, width and depth dimensions of
the new phones are all identical to the previous iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, though
the weight is slightly less.

The Financial Post was one of a few media outlets globally to receive early
review units of both phones to test all of the new features.

On the inside, there is a faster processor that's up to 40 per cent faster than
last year's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, plus there is up to 50 per cent better
graphics capabilities. The phones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such
as web browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions
such as photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more
quickly.

The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine. Regular headphones can now be connected
using an adapter, which will retail for only $10, for the device's Lightning
port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved low-light photos with
better detail and less graininess. The smaller 4.4-inch iPhone is getting
optical stabilization as well, which features sensors that move the lens
slightly to fight against handshake movement and motion blur.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in" optically when taking
photos without losing quality. Software also uses both lenses to create a better
digital zoom up to 10x, as opposed to the previous 5x.

The iPhone continues to be among the best smartphones on the market, but the new
version could be a tough sell for some. The new features seem fairly
incremental.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Associated Press; The iPhone 7 Plus camera has a permanent zoom
feature.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone 6c specifications leaked in a huge revelation

LENGTH: 394  words


By tbreak Staff -

After iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple is working on a less powerful iPhone
6c, but according to the latest hardware leak, the upcoming smartphone is
definitely not something to be trifled with in terms of performance as you will
see once you read the hardware specifications of the device. Jumping right into
the hardware specifications, iPhone 6c, which for some reason is also being
referred to iPhone 7c for an odd reason is going to feature a 4 inch screen,
retaining the same form factor as iPhone 5s, but with a definite performance
boost.

According to sources who stay close to Foxconn, iPhone 6c is also going to
feature 2GB of RAM, and after looking at iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, we have
to conclude that the RAM is going to be running at a LPDDR4 speeds, which would
explain its high price tag, which you will find out shortly. The smartphone is
also going to be incorporated with a 1,642mAh battery and an A9 chipset, which
is no slouch when it comes to performance and efficiency. The handset is also
expected to be get Touch ID support, but nowhere has it been stated that the
device is going to feature pressure sensor tech like its larger screen cousins.

The 4 inch screen is expected to have a resolution measuring at 1136 x 640
pixels as well as an 8MP camera that might only be limited to capturing 1080p
footage. iPhone 6c is expected to come in three colors, which are as follows:

For those who are waiting for a 4 inch device running iOS to be available in the
Rose Gold version, we have to be the bearer of bad news and tell you that right
now, it is not on the cards. Coming to one of the most important details of the
smartphone; the price tag. iPhone 6c is expected to have a price of
approximately $617, and we suspect that it is going to be for the base model,
which is possibly 16GB of on-board storage. Just like iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s
Plus, the upcoming handset could also be available in the 64 and 128GB
capacities but we will have to wait on further leaks in order to confirm this.

In terms of performance, it looks like Apple's upcoming handset will definitely
be able to deliver where most users would have thought to believe that the
smartphone would be a slower version of its larger screen variants.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/37/145147541670.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/2/145147541688.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Telenor brings iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 238

LENGTH: 41  words


Telenor Pakistan will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, after 13th November 2015. Customers can pre-register/pre-order
their iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning on 6th November 2015 at
www.telenor.com.pk/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Best Buy revs up holiday sale: iPhone 6s for $1;
Best Buy is selling the Apple smart phone at a rock-bottom price - with a few
caveats.

BYLINE: Maddy Crowell Staff

SECTION: Business

LENGTH: 435 words


In a significant drop from its regular $200 price tag, Best Buy retailers are
drumming up a last-minute holiday sale: the iPhone 6s is now on sale for $1
until Sunday.

There are caveats, however. The deal only applies to Verizon and Sprint
customers signing new two-year service contracts - anyone with AT&T doesn't
qualify. And the deal only applies to the iPhone 6s with 16GB. Best Buy will
also add a $200 gift card for users trading in a working iPhone 5.

The iPhone 6s, which was released earlier this year, includes 3D touch, motion
wallpapers, new colors, a better camera, and a "Hey Siri" feature that allows
Apple's audio concierge to respond to her name even when the display is turned
off.

Apple CEO Tim Cook has often maintained an "iron-like grip" on Apple's product
pricing, so it's surprising for Apple customers to see such a large bargain this
holiday season. But for Best Buy, who is struggling to compete with other
retailers and online shoppers, it's a smart tactic to attract more customers
into the store.

Apple sales have been up substantially this year. According to CNN Money, "The
iPhone 6s is expected to be a hot seller this holiday season." Mr. Cook expects
Apple to sell a record number of iPhones this year - even more than the 74.5
million iPhones sold in the last three months of 2014. Still, Apple stock fell
by .6 percent this quarter, causing some to anticipate lower sales than normal.

The new holiday sale isn't the first time Best Buy has cut the price on a
product. Earlier this month, Best Buy sold Apple Watch for a $100 discount. Some
analysts suggested the move was potentially a way for Best Buy to clear out its
stock of Apple Watch to prepare for the new model, which will be released in
March.

Other companies, like Target, have offered similar discounts, selling Sprint's
version of the iPhone 6s Plus for as much as 50 percent off.

Apple, however, has not lowered any of its expectations for the future, going
into the holidays. The company is currently priced at $51.5 billion, according
to its most recent annual sale.

"Fiscal 2015 was Apple's most successful year ever, with revenue growing 28% to
nearly $234 billion. This continued success is the result of our commitment to
making the best, most innovative products on earth, and it's a testament to the
tremendous execution by our teams," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "We are heading
into the holidays with our strongest product lineup yet, including iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus, Apple Watch with an expanded lineup of cases and bands, the new
iPad Pro and the all-new Apple TV which begins shipping this week."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Apple's new iPhone 6 breaks sales record

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 255 words


APPLE has enjoyed "phenomenal" sales of the newlylaunched iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, according to chief executive Tim Cook, selling more than 13m units
within three days of availability.

The sales figures surpass last year's 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales within the
same three-day period.

Mr Cook said: "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch
and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to
customers in even more countries on October 9." For the first time, China was
among the first countries to carry the new iPhones from release.

Previously, customers in China had to wait several weeks or months before new
models were approved for sale.

China is estimated to have accounted for between 2m and 2.5m unit sales, meaning
non-China sales rose by between 5pc and 10pc, according to analysts FBR & Co.

The new models went on sale in the UK last Friday, prompting fans to queue
overnight outside London's Covent Garden store.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the first models to sport pressure-sensitive
screens, which is utilised through the company's 3D Touch technology, opening
new shortcut menus depending on the pressure applied to the display. Both units'
rear-facing cameras were upgraded from eight mega-pixels (MP) to 12MP, while the
front-facing FaceTime camera was boosted from 1.2MP to 5MP.

Sales completed by last-Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth-quarter
fiscal results, while sales from Sunday onwards will be included in the first
2016 quarterly results.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 16, 2015 6:30 AM EST

More than 600 iPhone 6S/6S Plus sold out in Chennai with midnight sales

LENGTH: 267  words


Phoenix MarketCity, organized a grand launch for the much awaited  Apple iPhone
6S and 6S Plus for their customers at midnight. The grand  unveiling was lead in
the presence of well acclaimed celebrity from the  Tamil film fraternity,
Mr.Jeyam Ravi.

The event generated immense  enthusiasm and buzz as avid iPhone lovers were
eagerly waiting for the  launch. A lineup of exciting activities by table
magicians and jugglers  entertained the customers while they waited for the
unveiling.  Additionally, special screenings of two highly praised movies were
organized to those who had pre-booked their phones.

The  anticipation and zeal for the count down towards the thrilling launch  had
reached its peak, when Mr.Jeyam Ravi unveiled the iPhone 6S/6S Plus  in the
presence of Mr. Noel Vessaoker, Center Director, Phoenix  MarketCity. At the
stroke of midnight, Mr.Jeyam Ravi handed the new  phone to the first three
customers of Apple Premium Reseller 'Currents'  who had pre-booked their
handsets.  Generous offers were extended by  Phoenix MarketCity to the first 350
phone buyers who availed gift  vouchers worth Rs. 2,500, redeemable across the
mall's premium brands.

Mr.  Noel Vessaoker, Center Director, Phoenix MarketCity, Chennai said "We  are
delighted to have the presence of Jeyam Ravi, who launched the  iPhone 6S/6S
Plus for our customers. We wanted to offer an exciting  experience of fun and
indulgence to our patrons, during this midnight  craze. We are pleased that our
customers had a great time and could  collect their much awaited iPhone at the
stroke of midnight on the  launch day ".

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2015 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 9, 2015 Friday 11:24 AM GMT

Apple says battery life difference in new iPhones not reflected in 'real-world
use';
Whether your iPhone processor chip was manufactured by Samsung or TSMC, Apple
says battery life will only vary by 2-3%

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 336 words


Claims that the battery life of the new iPhones can vary by up to two hours
depending on which third-party supplier manufactured the central chip don't
reflect real-world usage, according to Apple.

The chip at the heart of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, named the "A9" chip by
Apple, comes in two forms, one manufactured by Samsung and the other by
Taiwanese company TSMC. Since the phones started hitting shelves last week,
users have reported that the phones containing Samsung chips significantly
underperform those with TSMC chips in intensive battery-life tests.

According to battery life benchmarks, the difference can be almost two hours.
But in a statement, Apple said that the discrepancy was not reflected in
real-world usage.

It said: "Certain manufactured lab tests which run the processors with a
continuous heavy workload until the battery depletes are not representative of
real-world usage, since they spend an unrealistic amount of time at the highest
CPU performance state.

"It's a misleading way to measure real-world battery life. Our testing and
customer data show the actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus,
even taking into account variable component differences, vary within just 2-3%
of each other."

The battery metrics cited by Apple for the iPhone 6S include a number of
different usage profiles, including talk time, internet use, HD video playback,
and standby time. While video playback is relatively processor-intensive, none
of those tasks are likely to max out the new A9 chip in the way a battery
benchmark test does, suggesting that the discrepancy between the two chips only
has an impact at the very highest end of performance.

In terms of real-world battery life, the Guardian's own review of the new
iPhones found that they underperformed compared to similar devices. Samuel
Gibbs, reviewing the iPhone 6s, found: "Battery life is the iPhone 6S's biggest
problem. During the week the phone failed to make it past 11pm after leaving the
charger at 7.30am in the morning."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Here's more proof that iPhone 7 will come with 256GB of internal storage

LENGTH: 395  words


By tbreak Staff -

Both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus came with 128GB as their maximum internal
storage and it looks like iPhone 7 is going to sport 256GB of internal memory
thanks to the latest news that we just covered not long ago.

Samsung, one of the industry's leading memory chip manufacturers announced that
it will start to mass produce 256GB UFS 2.0 memory chips for next-gen
smartphones. When we hear the term next-gen, it is obvious that the only devices
that can surpass iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, is iPhone 7 and of course its
larger brother, iPhone 7 Plus.

This will definitely be seen as a very smart move on Apple's part, seeing as how
the globe is transitioning to carrying a ton of content in their mobile devices
for later viewing, not to mention that 4K content does not exactly go gentle on
your storage. However, while we say this, what is going to happen to the
previous storage models? Are 16GB models going to be cut out of the equation
completely, or is there still room for their existence.

If you ask us, 16GB is already too low to be present in advanced mobile
computing products and since the OS and file system each a small chunk of it,
you have to work around with that limitation.

While 16GB might be completely fine for a small percentage of consumers, a
flagship phone with such minuscule amount of internal memory should definitely
be considered a joke. While we wait in anticipation of iPhone 7 Plus, what about
its 4.7 inch sized iPhone 7? Will it feature the same maximum internal storage
capacity or does Apple have different plans for it.

Due to the sheer size differences, not to mention Apple's affinity in keeping
its mobile products as thin as possible, we should expect the battery capacity
of iPhone 7 Plus to be considerably larger than iPhone 7, but we will definitely
keep you in the loop of what is to come in the foreseeable future.

For now, we definitely cannot wait to see how the larger of the upcoming iPhones
is going to perform. We have also reviewed Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
to see how well they fare in our tests, so be sure to check those out while you
are reading this.

2016 is definitely going to be another great year for Apple fans.

Samsung

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/145655883547.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/145655883619.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/92/145655883638.png



LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

This is what Apple has to say on Chipgate

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


NEW DELHI: Following reports that iPhone 6S units powered by TSMC-made A9 chips
offer better battery life than the ones powered by Samsung-made chip, Apple has
said that there's a negligible difference of 2%-3% in battery life between
distinct units irrespective of the component source.

In a statement issued to several websites including ArsTechnica, Apple said that
lab tests which run the processors with a continuous heavy workload until the
battery depletes are not representative of real-world usage and are a misleading
way to test the battery life.

READ ALSO:

Here's the full text of the statement issued by Apple...

"With the Apple-designed A9 chip in your iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus," an Apple
spokesperson told iMore, "you are getting the most advanced smartphone chip in
the world. Every chip we ship meets Apple's highest standards for providing
incredible performance and deliver great battery life, regardless of iPhone 6s
capacity, color, or model.

Certain manufactured lab tests which run the processors with a continuous heavy
workload until the battery depletes are not representative of real-world usage,
since they spend an unrealistic amount of time at the highest CPU performance
state. It's a misleading way to measure real-world battery life. Our testing and
customer data show the actual battery life of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus,
even taking into account variable component differences, vary within just 2-3%
of each other."

Earlier, some video reviewers had reported that iPhones powered by TSMC made A9
chip were offering better battery backup. The reviewers had run benchmark tests
and recorded 4K video under similar conditions to test battery performance.

The A9 chip that powers the iPhone 6S is designed by Apple but manufacturing is
done by Samsung and TSMC.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus cheaper in the grey market by up to Rs 11, 000 eating
into Apple's sales

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: India


India, Oct. 20 -- Apples iPhones are selling like hot cakes in the grey market
of mobile phones in India, as cheaper selling price is not deterring customers
to buy from an unauthorized channel. According to a report in The Economic
Times, iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones are in huge demand in the grey market hubs
in the country such as Mumbai's Heera Panna, New Delhi's Gaffar Market,
Kolkata's Fancy Market and even on eBay as prices in these markets are lower
than the official price by Rs 5000 to Rs 11,000.

Apple's iPhones in India are Rs 14,000-16,000 higher than in markets such as the
US, the Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong, from where the grey market models
are mostly sourced. High tax and a softening rupee has made the iPhones in India
pricer. As per the report, Apple had a muted launch of the iPhones in India on
October 16, with several stores saying sales were 40 per cent lower than last
year and bigger chains reporting, at best, a 20 per cent increase in sales. The
company's initial plan was to triple sales.

The latest iPhones cost between Rs 62,000 and Rs 92,000 and are Rs 8,500-9,500
more than last year's launch prices. The report adds that on eBay, an imported
iPhone 6s 16GB model was selling at Rs 53,153 on Monday while its official price
is Rs 62,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 128GB model was available for Rs 80,180 on eBay
compared with its official India price of Rs 92,000. The report says that
sensing opportunity, some sellers at Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned
Market have cut discounts.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from News Point. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2015 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Apple slashes iPhone 6S, 6S Plus prices by up to Rs 22,000

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 15 -- Weeks ahead of the impending India launch of iPhone 7 and
7 Plus, Apple has slashed prices of the previous generation handsets - iPhone 6S
and 6S Plus - by up to Rs 22,000.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, launched earlier this month in the US, are
slated to hit the Indian market from October 7, with prices starting at Rs
60,000.

There is usually a price drop for the previous versions when a new model is
announced by Apple.

According to industry sources, the iPhone 6S (128GB variant) will now be
available at Rs 60,000 from its earlier price tag of Rs 82,000 - a reduction of
Rs 22,000.

The iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will see a similar cut and will be available
for Rs 70,000.

The 64GB version of iPhone SE, which was launched in March this year, will now
be available for Rs 44,000, down from Rs 49,000.

Apple did not comment on the reduction in prices.

The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple
CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets.

"In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were
up 51 per cent year-on-year," he had said on an investor call.

The company has also announced setting up of a design and development
accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for
iOS and has opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate maps development.

Cook, who visited India in May, had discussed issues including manufacturing and
setting up retail stores in the country with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 3:12 PM GMT

Why Apple shouldn't be selling a 16GB iPhone 6S or 6S Plus;
Apple is doing users a disservice by offering its new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus with
just 16GB by default

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1050 words


With its latest 16GB iPhone 6S and 6S Plus Apple has answered the question of
what it thinks really matters: profit or user experience?

The new iPhones are resplendent with new features, despite being the "tock" year
in Apple's "tick, tock" update cycle and looking exactly the same as last year's
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

But the 3D Touch screen, the better camera, the Taptic engine and the faster
processors all hide one thing - the starting iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, costing £539
and £619 respectively, still only come with 16GB of storage.

The iPhone has come with 16GB of storage since 2010's iPhone 4. Apple presumably
wants to keep a lower price point to market its phones at, and to be able to
upsell customers to the 64GB version - generating an extra £80 in revenue.

Almost all companies do precisely this, including Apple's main handset rival
Samsung. And you can argue that users have a choice - pay more to get more - but
the vast majority don't appreciate how small 16GB now is. They just want an
iPhone and buy whatever they're given by default, which is usually the cheapest.

The problem is that 16GB is not enough storage for today's smartphones. After
formatting and the OS being installed, this ends up providing around 12GB of
storage space for the user.

Back in 2012 the average app size was 23MB. Retina screens have significantly
increased that size because each app has to have much higher-resolution imagery,
which take up more room. Apps are also more complex, do more and provide richer
experiences - everything that's good about a vibrant app ecosystem - but they're
also taking up more space in the process.

Apple increased the largest app size to 4GB this year, meaning a single app can
take up a quarter of the space on the normal iPhone. Not every app is massive,
of course. Facebook weighs in at 95.2MB, Twitter 62.7MB, Snapchat 52.9MB and the
Guardian's app is 24.7MB.

That's the size of the unopened installed app, but the moment it starts doing
something - caching the images and data it needs to operate - the app sizes
start to balloon.

The Twitter app, for instance, can easily hit more than 240MB, for a regular
Twitter user. The Facebook app can grow easily to that size too, while many
others including Apple's own Messages app can start to put on data weight if
users start sending photos.

Delete those photos

Speaking of photos, the iPhone 5S and 6 shoot 8MP photos that are just over 3MB
in size each, which makes the average holiday, and the 200 or so photos that
accompany it, a 600MB chunk of the storage.

The iPhone 6S now has a 12MP camera, which means larger photos that will take up
more storage, and Apple's new Live Photos will consume yet more space with their
added video and audio. You can forget about shooting 4K video, which consumes
around 300MB per minute. That 16GB of storage could easily be filled with just
photos, let alone everything else.

There are ways to offload those photos onto cloud storage, of course, but most
users do not do that by default and are simply forced to delete some.

What about music? Most people use their smartphone to listen to some sort of
music, and while streaming is labelled as the answer, our 3G and 4G networks are
not everywhere and cannot always be relied upon to sate our thirst for music.

An average album of 12 tracks stored on an iPhone from Apple's own iTunes music
store or Apple Music takes up around 90MB of storage. A 200-track playlist,
therefore, takes up around 1.5GB of storage or around 12% of a 16GB iPhone.

That's without talking about other media such as the movies and TV shows on
offer from Apple's various stores; we'll gloss over those that weigh in at
around 1GB per movie.

Gaming cost

The biggest offenders, of course, are games. Even a small game such as Apple's
current favourite Crossy Road, weighs in at 74.7MB of space before being opened.
Angry Birds 2 takes up 91.6MB, Candy Crush Saga 55MB and the critically
acclaimed Monument Valley demands 275MB without the Forgotten Shores expansion
pack.

Those are all small compared to graphically rich games such as Real Racing 3,
which claims at least 855MB of your storage. Even a card game such as Blizzard's
popular Hearthstone demands a minimum of 868MB of storage. An avid player of
Hearthstone, for instance, with all the latest content will need at least 1.3GB
of space on their smartphone.

The average user had 27 apps on their iPhone at the end of 2013 according to
data from Nielsen, which means with apps growing in size and photos, music and
videos becoming more compelling that 12GB of space seemed small last year, let
alone today.

Running out of storage makes the smartphone behave poorly and provides a very
unsatisfactory user experience. Users are forced to delete precious memories,
tracks they might want to listen to or apps and games that they can no longer
afford to keep on your phone, and that might just be to install an update.

Given that Apple does not allow users to add storage with removable cards, if it
cared about the user experience of the vast majority of its users it should have
increased the storage capacity of the starting iPhone.

Analyst firm IHS estimated that storage cost Apple $0.42 per GB of storage.
Adding an extra 16GB of storage to bring it to 32GB would have cost Apple just
$6.72 extra per smartphone, something it could have easily eaten within its
profit margins - the biggest in the industry by miles.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are premium smartphones, which Apple claims are the
"most advanced smartphones in the world". Yet the rest of the industry,
including arch-rival Samsung, has woken up to the fact that 16GB is not enough
storage these days and either allows users to add their own storage to top-end
smartphones or provides at least 32GB of rated space for their base models.

In 2015, anyone who buys a 16GB smartphone risks quickly running out of space or
being forced to pick and choose what apps they use. That's a problem for the
user, but it's a problem for Apple too - its iPhone 6S innovations won't be seen
as as good as it thinks they are if users quickly run out of space to store
their 4K videos.

· Apple supersizes its tablet with new 12.9in iPad Pro

· Apple TV upgrade brings App Store into living room

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus to be avaiable in India from Oct 16

LENGTH: 105  words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Oct. 1 -- Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in
India from October 16 at Redington India, one of the main distributors of
iPhones.


 The iPhones would be available for purchase across India at its 3,000 retail
outlets, Chennai-based Redington India said in a statement.
 Apple Inc began the sales of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus in United States and
in other countries recently.
 Redington India, which began operations in 1993, currently has its presence in
India, the Middle East, Africa, Turkey and Sri Lanka.
 Shares of Redington India were trading at Rs 110.30 apiece, down by 0.81 per
cent on the BSE.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple unveils iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus with 3D Touch: As it happened...

LENGTH: 1591  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- Tim Cook on Wednesday unveiled the new Apple iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus as expected at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in downtown
San Francisco. However, the new iPhones came with 3D Touch and not the Force
Touch as it was hope for.


 Besides the iPhones, the tech giant also launched the Apple TV with App Store
and Siri, a bigger and more powerful iPad Pro too.
 Over the last nine months since the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the
US tech giant has reportedly sold a record 183 million iPhones which have help
the company earn record profits.
 Below is a detail of the event that led to the unveiling of the Apple iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus.
 ++++++++++++++
 Hi everyone, welcome to our Live blog of the Apple's September 9 iPhone 6S
launch event.
 What we expect today besides the main products are faster A9 chip, better
camera and 2GB of RAM, a first in iPhone.
 - We could also expect ton of Apps
 - Tim Cook takes the stage and greets everyone.
 - "Thank you, thank you. Good morning. We could not be more excited to be here
this morning," Cook says.
 - "It's been an incredible year for Apple. We're really firing on all
cylinders. And we're about to make some monster announcements across several of
our product lines."
 - And behold! Something more about Apple Watch
 - Just a few months ago, we made Apple Watch available to our customers around
the world. It's already changing their daily lives and they love using it. They
love how quick and easy it is, Cook says.
 - To give more details on Apple Watch, Tim Cook calls on Jeff Williams.
 - "Now despite just launching the watch a few months ago, we are on an
incredible pace of innovation. To tell you about where we're going next, I'd
like to invite Jeff Williams to the stage."
 - Jeff Williams,, Apple's senior vice president of operations since mid-2010,
is on stage
 - "There are new watch faces like this beautiful one with time transit and
third party complications. This is a big deal. It's a really powerful thing to
be able to glance at your wrist and see the information important to you," Jeff
says.
 - is coming to the Watch and this is sweet.
 -: Say anything and translate it into 90 languages. New way to learn a new
language? Could be :)
 - GoPro is another app added to the Watch as viewfinder
 - Dr. Cameron Powell, cofounder of AirStrip is taking the stage
 - "Now AirStrip. An example of just how far developers can go with native
apps," says Dr Powell
 - "I want to compare what's happening in real time to what's happening more
recently. AirStrip magically pulls all this information together," says Dr
Powell.
 - AirStrip with Apple Watch will change how doctors communicate with patients
as it is already used to monitor over 3.5M pregnant women.
 - Another app is the with sensors pregnant women put on their bellies.
 - With this new app mothers can listen to their babies in their wombs on their
wrist. Couldn't be any cooler.
 - Williams is back on stage
 - Apple Watch as a new design - the band at least. It comes with a leather
strap.
 - It will be available in the market from October.
 - Available in select stores in October. We think people are goign to love
Apple Watch Hermes, says Williams.
 - Comes in different colours of red, brown, gold.
 - Tim Cook is back on stage and it as all expected.
 - In just 5 years, iPad has transformed the way we create, the way we learn and
the way we work, Cook says of the iPad.
 - Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, takes the stage
 - I am so excited to tell you about this incredible new iPad Pro. It has a huge
screen, he says.
 - It's more powerful and comes with a big screen of 12.9-inch diagonally. That
the biggest iPad ever.
 - It comes with a display of 2732X2048 pixels with 5.6M pixels
 - A new , a 3rd Generation 64-bit chip with 2X memory bandwidth and 1.8X faster
than the A8X is here.
 - The new A9X chip also has a double graphic over A8X.
 - It is faster than 80% of the portable PCs that shipped in the last 12 months,
says Schiller.
 - It also comes with a strong battery life of 10 hours of continuous usage
 - The iPad Pro is however a little thicker at 6.9mm thick as compared to iPad
Air 6.1
 - And the iPad Pro comes with a and a new accessory -
 - The Pencil has its own battery, but recharges via Lightning directly w iPad
Pro.
 - , is here and that is interesting.
 - At Microsoft we're focused on reinventing productivity, Koenigsbauer says.
 - And this should come as good news. "We're supporting Microsoft Office on
Apple platforms" he adds.
 - Microsoft Office will work with Apple Pencil and just like Word, just like
Excel, PowerPoint has excellent support for the Apple Pencil
 - At Microsoft we really believe bringing together the iPad Pro with Microsoft
Office ... will really transform how people work on these devices, Koenigsbauer
says.
 - Eric Snowden of Adobe takes the stage
 - Eric is excited and will be showing three different Adobe applications all
working together on iPad Pro
 - Snowden is showing demo of Adobe
 - Schiller is back is back on stage and is showing details of the iPad Pro.
 - It comes with a 8MP iSight camera, FaceTime HD camera, TouchId, 802.11ac
 - Prices will start at $799 for 32GB with Wi-Fi, 128GB for $949 while the
Pencil has been priced at $99 and the Smart Keyboard at $169
 - They will all be available in the market from November.
 - The 128GB version with LTE that costs $1,079
 - Cook is back on stage and its time for Apple TV.
 - The TV experience itself hasn't changed much in decades and today we are
going to do something about that, Cook says.
 - The new Apple TV comes with a variety of apps such as music, gaming, movies,
animation, etc.
 - The remote is interesting. It has button and a glass touch surface above it
which makes it easy to navigate.
 - The Apple TV comes with Siri, the virtual voice assistant and you can ask it
anything - play movies, music, weather, sports score, etc.
 - It's game demo: The TV accepts multi-players for the various games.
 - Miceelle Peluso of Gilt is on stage and a demo of how Gilt will work on the
TV is show on screen.
 - Chad Evans from MLB.com is now up on stage.
 - Yes! You can watch all the games on this TV.
 - Cook is back on stage now and is talking about iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 - Looks like the new iPhones are not far behind.
 - In the last quarter, iPhones grew at 3.5X against the rest of the industry,
says Cook adding that in China, it's even more incredible. iPhone grew a
stunning 75% versus the rest of the industry in decline, he says.
 - And behold! the new iPhones -
 - From the very start, the iPhone has been about bringing innovations that are
really important in peoples' lives. As a result, iPhone has changed the world,
Cook says.
 - The iPhones you're about to see are the most advanced iPhones ever. In fact,
they're the most advanced smartphones in the world, Cook continues.
 - It comes in
 - The
 - Displays are covered by a brand new glass, the strongest in the industry,
says Phil Schiller, who is back on stage.
 - They come with with . That's exciting. And yea... it's not Force Touch as it
was expected, but a 3D Touch
 - It's made possible by a technology called 3D Touch. This is the next
generation of multitouch. For the first time along with recognizing familiar
gestures, also recognizes force, Schiller says.
 - The new iPhones run on A9 chips which Schiller claims is the faster they have
ever built in the phones.
 - The A9 chis is 70 percent faster at CPU and 90 percent faster at graphics
(over A8).
 - The 3D touch makes it easier for navigation between apps too.
 - New features include a 2nd Generation Touch ID, which is faster and the
all-new iSight 12MP camera which gives 50 percent more pixels than before.
 - Here's the iSight camera sensor. 50% more pixels and with that 50% more focus
pixels. So autofocus is faster, says Schiller who is detailing the new iPhones.
 - Schiller is showing samples of picture clicked on iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus
 - And interesting! The new iPhones can shoot 4K video.
 - It comes with a 5megapixel FaceTime camera as Apple would like to call it.
And it comes with a great TrueTone flash where Apple says it will use retina
display. Wow to that!!
 - We're going to use the retina display to be a TrueTone flash, says Schiller.
 - It also comes with a much faster LTE, twice the speed actually.
 - We also have incredible advancements in our wireless as well. LTE has LTE
advanced. Twice as fast. Up to 23 bands, the most in any smartphone, Schiller
says.
 - The new iPhones will run on iOS 9 with a WiFi twice the speed too.
 - And the most interesting part, there will be a new app on Android Store from
Apple that can be downloaded from Android phones.
 - How about the pricing?
 - The iPhone 6S has been priced starting from $199 while the price of the
iPhone 6S Plus start from $299.
 - Preorder start September 12 and will be available from the 25th in the US,
China, France , UK, Japan, Australia, etc.
 - The iPhones come with 5GB of iCloud storage.
 - Cook is back on stage to huge round of applause.
 - It's been a huge morning for us, he says.
 - A new bigger and more powerful iPad, TV app, the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S
Plus, he continues.
 - Before we go, we thought it would be only appropriate to close with a
sensational musical act, says Cook.
 - And is here on stage performing 'Counting Stars'..
 - By the way, Cook says they are one of his favourite band.
 - And with that, we come to the end of our LIVE Blog here on Zee Business of
the Apple iPhone 6S launch event. Thanks for being with us..

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Vodafone Qatar to mark launch of new iPhones with special event

LENGTH: 203  words


Vodafone Qatar has announced that it will offer the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
from October 10.
In this connection, Vodafone will have a launch event at Villaggio, which will
start at 11pm tomorrow and include entertainment and giveaways. Customers
joining Vodafone at the launch will need to access Villaggio through Gate 4 and
be able to pick up or buy their device at 12.01am on Saturday, October 10.
In a statement yesterday, Vodafone Qatar said iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
customers could take "full advantage" of the company's 4G LTE network as well as
the selection of prepaid and postpaid options.
"Our customers have been eagerly anticipating the arrival of the new iPhones in
Qatar since the announcement in early September," said Kyle Whitehill, CEO,
Vodafone Qatar. "We're thrilled to bring these innovative phones to customers
through our wide variety of offers, ensuring that everyone has a plan that works
best for them."
Customer can buy the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus at Vodafone shops throughout
Qatar and online at www.vodafone.qa
Forcompletedetailsonpricing,onecanvisitwww.vodafone.qa/plans;formoreinformationo
niPhone,onecangotowww.apple.com/iphone

http://imgs.syndigate.info/60/183/27/144430226823.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2015 Gulf Times Newspaper
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 6s, 6s Plus review: new camera welcome but not much else to entice

BYLINE: John Everington

LENGTH: 564  words


John Everington

Saturday marked the biggest day in the tech calendar for the UAE with the
official release of the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Unlike the comprehensive design overhaul of last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the
latest upgrades to its smartphone range are, as expected, on the subtler side.
But while Apple's assertion that "the only thing that's changed is everything"
is stretching things a little, there are some significant changes worth
considering.

The 6 and 6s retain the much-loved design of last year's devices, give or take a
millimetre here and there. One noticeable difference however is weight,
especially with the S Plus, which is 20g heavier than its predecessor.

In addition to last year's silver, gold and space grey trims, the 6s range now
comes in "Rose Gold", otherwise known as "pink".

Other modifications introduced by the 6s range are evolutionary rather than
revolutionary, with two major exceptions, namely an upgraded camera and the new
3D touch system.

Despite its impressive "Shot on iPhone" advertising campaign, Apple's cameras
haven't had a major upgrade since 2011. This in spite of great strides made by
rivals such as LG and Samsung.

It's a welcome addition therefore to see Apple finally boost its primary camera
to 12MP from 8MP and its selfie camera to 5MP, with the added ability to shoot
4K video.

Images are noticeably better than those taken on the 6 range, with a lot more
detail and definition, with a particular improvement in low light images.

The second major change is the introduction of 3D Touch, a pressure sensitive
touchscreen that lets you gently touch an item (such as a link or a new email)
to preview it, and then press a little harder to open it. On some apps, such as
Instagram, a light press on the icon will bring up a list of shortcuts.

It's a genuinely innovative feature, albeit one that developers (and this
reviewer) are still getting to grips with. After a day's experimentation it
feels like an unobtrusive feature that genuinely adds functionality to the user
experience, without being essential.

Q&A

How much do they cost?

A 16GB iPhone 6s (with a 4.7 inch display) will set you back around Dh2,599,
while a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus (with a 5.5-inch display) will cost an eye-watering
Dh3,799. As ever, it pays to shop around, with some nice online discounts
available.

So not cheap then. Will you be upgrading?

Having bought a 6 Plus under a year ago, I'm not going to buy a 6s Plus. The
camera is much better, and the 3D Touch system offers fascinating potential, but
my wife isn't going to let me spend Dh3,000 when I've had my current phone for
less than a year.

But what if I want to replace my iPhone 5s?

If you're looking to stay with Apple then it's definitely worth the upgrade.

How about if I bought an expensive iPhone six months ago, but now feel an
irrational but overwhelming need to buy one that comes in pink?

You mean "rose gold"? You're in good company. Local retailers say around 80 per
cent of new iPhones sold are in the new colour range, which is especially
popular with female customers.

And how many of the new iPhones have been sold here so far?

Apple announced 13 million global sales in the three days after launch, but
didn't give details for the UAE. Local retailers say that sales in the first few
days have been high, if a little below what we saw with the 6 range last year.

jeverington@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2015 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple CEO Tim Cook unveils iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus with 3D Touch

LENGTH: 1591  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Sept. 10 -- Tim Cook on Wednesday unveiled the new Apple iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus as expected at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in downtown
San Francisco. However, the new iPhones came with 3D Touch and not the Force
Touch as it was hope for.


 Besides the iPhones, the tech giant also launched the Apple TV with App Store
and Siri, a bigger and more powerful iPad Pro too.
 Over the last nine months since the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the
US tech giant has reportedly sold a record 183 million iPhones which have help
the company earn record profits.
 Below is a detail of the event that led to the unveiling of the Apple iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus.
 ++++++++++++++
 Hi everyone, welcome to our Live blog of the Apple's September 9 iPhone 6S
launch event.
 What we expect today besides the main products are faster A9 chip, better
camera and 2GB of RAM, a first in iPhone.
 - We could also expect ton of Apps
 - Tim Cook takes the stage and greets everyone.
 - "Thank you, thank you. Good morning. We could not be more excited to be here
this morning," Cook says.
 - "It's been an incredible year for Apple. We're really firing on all
cylinders. And we're about to make some monster announcements across several of
our product lines."
 - And behold! Something more about Apple Watch
 - Just a few months ago, we made Apple Watch available to our customers around
the world. It's already changing their daily lives and they love using it. They
love how quick and easy it is, Cook says.
 - To give more details on Apple Watch, Tim Cook calls on Jeff Williams.
 - "Now despite just launching the watch a few months ago, we are on an
incredible pace of innovation. To tell you about where we're going next, I'd
like to invite Jeff Williams to the stage."
 - Jeff Williams,, Apple's senior vice president of operations since mid-2010,
is on stage
 - "There are new watch faces like this beautiful one with time transit and
third party complications. This is a big deal. It's a really powerful thing to
be able to glance at your wrist and see the information important to you," Jeff
says.
 - is coming to the Watch and this is sweet.
 -: Say anything and translate it into 90 languages. New way to learn a new
language? Could be :)
 - GoPro is another app added to the Watch as viewfinder
 - Dr. Cameron Powell, cofounder of AirStrip is taking the stage
 - "Now AirStrip. An example of just how far developers can go with native
apps," says Dr Powell
 - "I want to compare what's happening in real time to what's happening more
recently. AirStrip magically pulls all this information together," says Dr
Powell.
 - AirStrip with Apple Watch will change how doctors communicate with patients
as it is already used to monitor over 3.5M pregnant women.
 - Another app is the with sensors pregnant women put on their bellies.
 - With this new app mothers can listen to their babies in their wombs on their
wrist. Couldn't be any cooler.
 - Williams is back on stage
 - Apple Watch as a new design - the band at least. It comes with a leather
strap.
 - It will be available in the market from October.
 - Available in select stores in October. We think people are goign to love
Apple Watch Hermes, says Williams.
 - Comes in different colours of red, brown, gold.
 - Tim Cook is back on stage and it as all expected.
 - In just 5 years, iPad has transformed the way we create, the way we learn and
the way we work, Cook says of the iPad.
 - Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, takes the stage
 - I am so excited to tell you about this incredible new iPad Pro. It has a huge
screen, he says.
 - It's more powerful and comes with a big screen of 12.9-inch diagonally. That
the biggest iPad ever.
 - It comes with a display of 2732X2048 pixels with 5.6M pixels
 - A new , a 3rd Generation 64-bit chip with 2X memory bandwidth and 1.8X faster
than the A8X is here.
 - The new A9X chip also has a double graphic over A8X.
 - It is faster than 80% of the portable PCs that shipped in the last 12 months,
says Schiller.
 - It also comes with a strong battery life of 10 hours of continuous usage
 - The iPad Pro is however a little thicker at 6.9mm thick as compared to iPad
Air 6.1
 - And the iPad Pro comes with a and a new accessory -
 - The Pencil has its own battery, but recharges via Lightning directly w iPad
Pro.
 - , is here and that is interesting.
 - At Microsoft we're focused on reinventing productivity, Koenigsbauer says.
 - And this should come as good news. "We're supporting Microsoft Office on
Apple platforms" he adds.
 - Microsoft Office will work with Apple Pencil and just like Word, just like
Excel, PowerPoint has excellent support for the Apple Pencil
 - At Microsoft we really believe bringing together the iPad Pro with Microsoft
Office ... will really transform how people work on these devices, Koenigsbauer
says.
 - Eric Snowden of Adobe takes the stage
 - Eric is excited and will be showing three different Adobe applications all
working together on iPad Pro
 - Snowden is showing demo of Adobe
 - Schiller is back is back on stage and is showing details of the iPad Pro.
 - It comes with a 8MP iSight camera, FaceTime HD camera, TouchId, 802.11ac
 - Prices will start at $799 for 32GB with Wi-Fi, 128GB for $949 while the
Pencil has been priced at $99 and the Smart Keyboard at $169
 - They will all be available in the market from November.
 - The 128GB version with LTE that costs $1,079
 - Cook is back on stage and its time for Apple TV.
 - The TV experience itself hasn't changed much in decades and today we are
going to do something about that, Cook says.
 - The new Apple TV comes with a variety of apps such as music, gaming, movies,
animation, etc.
 - The remote is interesting. It has button and a glass touch surface above it
which makes it easy to navigate.
 - The Apple TV comes with Siri, the virtual voice assistant and you can ask it
anything - play movies, music, weather, sports score, etc.
 - It's game demo: The TV accepts multi-players for the various games.
 - Miceelle Peluso of Gilt is on stage and a demo of how Gilt will work on the
TV is show on screen.
 - Chad Evans from MLB.com is now up on stage.
 - Yes! You can watch all the games on this TV.
 - Cook is back on stage now and is talking about iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
 - Looks like the new iPhones are not far behind.
 - In the last quarter, iPhones grew at 3.5X against the rest of the industry,
says Cook adding that in China, it's even more incredible. iPhone grew a
stunning 75% versus the rest of the industry in decline, he says.
 - And behold! the new iPhones -
 - From the very start, the iPhone has been about bringing innovations that are
really important in peoples' lives. As a result, iPhone has changed the world,
Cook says.
 - The iPhones you're about to see are the most advanced iPhones ever. In fact,
they're the most advanced smartphones in the world, Cook continues.
 - It comes in
 - The
 - Displays are covered by a brand new glass, the strongest in the industry,
says Phil Schiller, who is back on stage.
 - They come with with . That's exciting. And yea... it's not Force Touch as it
was expected, but a 3D Touch
 - It's made possible by a technology called 3D Touch. This is the next
generation of multitouch. For the first time along with recognizing familiar
gestures, also recognizes force, Schiller says.
 - The new iPhones run on A9 chips which Schiller claims is the faster they have
ever built in the phones.
 - The A9 chis is 70 percent faster at CPU and 90 percent faster at graphics
(over A8).
 - The 3D touch makes it easier for navigation between apps too.
 - New features include a 2nd Generation Touch ID, which is faster and the
all-new iSight 12MP camera which gives 50 percent more pixels than before.
 - Here's the iSight camera sensor. 50% more pixels and with that 50% more focus
pixels. So autofocus is faster, says Schiller who is detailing the new iPhones.
 - Schiller is showing samples of picture clicked on iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S
Plus
 - And interesting! The new iPhones can shoot 4K video.
 - It comes with a 5megapixel FaceTime camera as Apple would like to call it.
And it comes with a great TrueTone flash where Apple says it will use retina
display. Wow to that!!
 - We're going to use the retina display to be a TrueTone flash, says Schiller.
 - It also comes with a much faster LTE, twice the speed actually.
 - We also have incredible advancements in our wireless as well. LTE has LTE
advanced. Twice as fast. Up to 23 bands, the most in any smartphone, Schiller
says.
 - The new iPhones will run on iOS 9 with a WiFi twice the speed too.
 - And the most interesting part, there will be a new app on Android Store from
Apple that can be downloaded from Android phones.
 - How about the pricing?
 - The iPhone 6S has been priced starting from $199 while the price of the
iPhone 6S Plus start from $299.
 - Preorder start September 12 and will be available from the 25th in the US,
China, France , UK, Japan, Australia, etc.
 - The iPhones come with 5GB of iCloud storage.
 - Cook is back on stage to huge round of applause.
 - It's been a huge morning for us, he says.
 - A new bigger and more powerful iPad, TV app, the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S
Plus, he continues.
 - Before we go, we thought it would be only appropriate to close with a
sensational musical act, says Cook.
 - And is here on stage performing 'Counting Stars'..
 - By the way, Cook says they are one of his favourite band.
 - And with that, we come to the end of our LIVE Blog here on Zee Business of
the Apple iPhone 6S launch event. Thanks for being with us..

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 16, 2015 Sunday 02:33 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Into another Galaxy; India up next?

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 560  words


Click for image

Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 7 rumors took a back seat this past week to Samsung
and its latest Galaxy smartphones, complete with painful introduction event.

The reviews for Samsung's latest, the 5.7-inch Note 5 and S6 Edge+ have been
generally positive, though Apple no doubt regain center stage next month, when
it is expected to unveil the 4.7-inch iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch 6S Plus.

Then again, what if the underwhelmly-named iPhone 6S and 6S Plus flop? One site,
iDigitalTimes, suggests that could be enough to push Apple to speed up the
introduction of a next set of flagship phones, namely the iPhone 7s.

The need for a brand-new iPhone has fallen as used models and Android deals
flood the market. Apple is slated to unveil the iPhone 6s, but if sales
disappoint, then Apple may have incentive to release the iPhone 7 sooner. Time
will tell if Apple buckles under the competition or continue its two year
tradition of releasing new phone models.

Something tells us that Apple won't quite be hurtin' after its September phones
debut though.

What do you C?

The latest scuttlebutt regarding a third iPhone, a small and cheaper 6C model,
seems to be that Apple will not go in that direction.

MacRumors reported that mobile app marketing platform Fiksu saw no sign of a 6C
edition in its latest logs, which show which devices (including pre-production
models) various apps are running on.

MacRumors goes on to say:

Rumors indicate that while Apple did initially consider launching a 4-inch
iPhone 6c in 2015, those plans were scrapped due to concerns the device could
cannibalize sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which Apple wants to offer as a
lower-cost solution when the next-generation iPhones are released. Other rumors
have suggested the iPhone 6c wasnever intended for 2015, with Apple perhaps
planning to launch a smaller-screened phone in 2016.

I, for one, am toying with giving up my iPhone 5, with some hesitation of moving
to a larger phone. But I do want a better camera that even the iPhone 6
provides.

Sneak peek at the guts

MacManiak, an Apple parts and accessories reseller, reveals what it says is the
frame for the iPhone 6S, which doesn't look a lot different from that of the
iPhone 6. It points out two main differences in the new model, including 2 flex
connectors (one horizontal, one vertical) and a straight Touch ID cable (vs. a
bent one in the iPhone 6). iPhoneHacks suggests the additional connector might
indicate that Apple indeed will include its Force Touch technology in the new
iPhones.

Another parts leak involves the rear casing for the next iPhone, and according
to Unbox Therapy indications are that the hardware is designed to safeguard
against the device bending. It appears as though Apple is using a stronger and
lighter aluminum, which is actually thicker in areas near buttons that could be
susceptible to bending.

From China to India

As is widely known, iPhones are mainly cobbled together in China at Foxconn's
sometimes notorious factories. But word out of ValueWalk, citing the Financial
Times, is that Foxconn is investing heavily in building factories in India. This
might help Apple counter some of the wage inflation being seen in China, as well
as enable Apple to boost its sales in India. Of course, iPhones are also made in
the US to some degree, from the engineering elements to certain components.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Apple iPhone sales top 13 mn in opening weekend

LENGTH: 156 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 29 -- Apple Inc. announced that it has sold more than 13 million
new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models, a new record, just three days after
launch.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said Tim Cook, Apple's
CEO. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch and Live
Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to customers in
even more countries on October 9."

Sales completed by Saturday, September 26 will be included in Apple's 2015
fourth fiscal quarter results, and sales completed on Sunday, September 27 will
be included in Apple's 2016 first fiscal quarter results.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2015 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Sharks overestimated iPhone 6s demand in the UAE

LENGTH: 782  words


By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

The launch of a new iPhone. For many of us, it's the time we impatiently wait
for to upgrade our old device. For Apple it's the time that makes their
quarterly reports look really, really good. But there is another bunch of
"businessmen" that look forward to this time every year. Call them sharks,
scalpers or grey market importers, there's an industry that counts on Apple
selecting a very limited number of countries to launch the new iPhones in, so
they can export it to the rest of the world before Apple does. This can fetch
quite a premium. In fact, at times, these people make more money than Apple does
on each unit.

When the iPhone 6 was released last year, the initial batch of units fetched
almost double the price of what Apple was charging. The 128GB iPhone 6 was
selling close to AED 6000 in Dubai on launch day when it's original price in
Hong Kong was the equivalent of AED 3400. And it was being gobbled up. If you
didn't buy the iPhone 6 in the morning, you'd have to wait for the new stock to
arrive the following day.

This year, Apple released the iPhone 6s in twelve countries on Sep 25 with the
Middle East release date set for for the 10th of October. This gave the grey
market two weeks and I imagine they were looking forward to doubling down on
their "investments" again. Except they failed to realize that the S model
generally doesn't command the premium that an iPhone with a completely new look
does.

I've been monitoring the prices for the iPhone 6s since Friday, which is when
Apple released the new iPhone. Unofficial pre-orders in the UAE started a few
days earlier but the actual units started trickling down on Saturday morning. I
spoke to Omar Kassim, the founder and CEO of JadoPado, one of the region's
fastest growing marketplace platform, on the wholesale pricing levels of the
iPhone 6s following the days of launch. JadoPado has historically sold gray
market imports but has now pivoted into a platform for other retailers.

"Prices fell off very quickly. From the 16GB iPhone 6s being offered at AED 3650
for delivery on Friday September 25th to AED 3122 on Saturday morning, AED 2800
on Sunday morning and AED 2650 this morning. We've seen around an AED 1000
downward spiral in premiums at a wholesale since launch. It speaks to soft
demand at wholesale, and potentially no significant demand from would be
consumers at these price points."

I can somewhat relate to the market sentiment- I buy a new iPhone every year and
although I am upgrading to 6s, I had decided that it won't be at the expense of
overly spending on it. The unit that I am interested in is the 64GB iPhone 6s.
It's retail prices dropped from AED 4,200 to AED 3,300 in a matter of three days
and I picked it up today for AED 3099.

Apple has set the official price for it at AED 2999 when it launches on October
10th but I'm not going to be buying that because the official iPhone has
FaceTime disabled in the region. And I find the 100 Dirham premium acceptable.
Here is a table put together by Omar comparing the rest of the models to
wholesale prices in AED (The prices below are for the Silver/Gold/Gray models-
the new Rose Gold commanded roughly 15% more.)

You can see from the table above that import prices are getting closer to
Apple's official prices- however, there will always be a bit of a premium on
imports because of the availability of FaceTime on these models. Omar added:

"We've heard that wholesale premiums in the US have settled to $20 to $30 a unit
and it feels like pricing is starting to settle. While there isn't huge demand,
Apple tends not to release too much inventory in one go in order to prevent
flooding it's core markets, resulting in supply tightening on some models at
wholesale."

It doesn't look like the imported iPhone 6s will be commanding much of a premium
by the end of this week. That will probably be the best time to buy an iPhone 6s
as any excess inventory will need to be sold fast before the official units with
lower prices hit the market. Importers that were expecting larger premiums for a
longer period will surely be disappointed. That will always be the case with an
S model. However, when Apple changes the design next year, the iPhone 7 is bound
to attract more buyers in the first few days of release willing to pay top
dollar for it.

The question is, will Apple shorten the gap between worldwide releases to kill
off the grey market? While the two weeks time frame between US and UAE release
date is impressive, one week is even more impressive and can tremendously
restrict the grey market.

I'd like to thank Omar Kassim for his valuable input on this article.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/39/144361941724.jpg



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           October 10, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6S Handsets Found Having Dual Battery Standards in Market

LENGTH: 193 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Oct. 10 -- If you have bought the new "iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus",
then its battery benchmark must be checked, as it comes with two different
standards.

After the difference in the battery standards of both the assemblies was noted,
the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus has again captured the news.

Apple has used A9 chips manufactured by two different companies for assembling
the same model of iPhone handsets.

Reportedly, the manufacturing of assembled A9 chips was outsourced to TSMC and
Samsung, but only after a month of the launch of iPhone 6S, TSMC's chip over
powered the battery standards of one's manufactured by Samsung.

The only drawback with the Samsung's assembly is that the phone's battery drains
much faster than TSMC's.

Regardless of the variation in the battery benchmarks of both the assemblies,
the features of the phone are not affected.

Many tech experts have reviewed the problem and posted their findings in their
vlogs.

Here's one of them:

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Apple working on 'iPhone SE' promo showing 4K camera

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


NEW DELHI: Here's more on 's upcoming 4-inch iPhone, rumoured to be called
iPhone SE (SE here is said to stand for Special Edition). According to a report
in Apple Insider, iPhone SE's rear camera will support 4K videos. The report
also claimed that Apple is planning to release a promo video that showcases 4K
video shot entirely on the latest iPhone model. The smartphone is tipped to
sport 8MP camera setup of iPhone 6. The company's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S plus
models, launched last year, also offer support for 4K videos.

Last week, where it is expected to launch the new iPhone. The rumoured
small-screen iPhone is reportedly similar to iPhone 6S in looks, but in a
smaller frame, and is powered by the current flagship's A9 chipset. It will also
support features like Apple Pay and Live Photos but not 3D Touch, which will
remain exclusive to iPhone 6S and 6S Plus for now. KGI Securities analyst
Ming-Chi Kuo, widely considered the most accurate researcher on Apple,
previously said in a note that iPhone SE will be priced at $450. Apple currently
sells the 2.5-year-old iPhone 5S at that price point. He also said that the
price of iPhone 5S will be cut in half after the launch of iPhone SE. The
Apple's March 22 event is also likely to see unveiling of a revamped iPad and
some tweaks to the company's Watch lineup. An earlier Apple Insider report
claimed that Apple may rebrand the upcoming iPad with the iPad Pro moniker
similar to the 12.9-inch model.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

You can get iPhone 6S, 6S Plus in India within 2 days of US launch

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Sagar Malviya

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


KOLKATA | MUMBAI: Die-hard iPhone devotees in India will be able to lay hands on
the latest models in the grey market within two days of the US launch on
September 25 by shelling out Rs 1 lakh. However, the grey market will be able to
command a premium only for a short period because in a sign of India's growing
importance as an iPhone market, Apple is expected to officially start selling
the new devices here by October 11-15.

Grey market sellers in Mumbai's Heera Panna Market and Crawford Market, Delhi's
Gaffar Market and Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market and Fancy Market said there
have been several enquiries about the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, which
were unveiled by Apple in San Francisco on Wednesday, and some of them have even
started taking pre-orders.

The newly launched rose gold colour variant has turned out to be the most in
demand, and is commanding a premium.

"The price will be around Rs 1 lakh initially, but it will come down after the
company announces the official launch date. We have started getting enquiries,"
said a mobile store owner at Mumbai's Heera Panna Market.

The average price at most of these sellers will be Rs 70,000-80,000 for iPhone
6S and between Rs 80,000 and Rs 90,000 for iPhone 6S Plus. The rose gold colour
model is likely to be available at an additional premium of Rs 10,000-15,000,
six sellers in the grey market hubs of the country said.

The sellers said their agents in the US will place requests at Apple stores when
the company starts pre-bookings from Saturday and will ensure the first lot
reaches within 2-3 days of the launch. They will also start receiving supplies
from Singapore, Hong Kong and similar markets, which are nearer to India and
where the new iPhones will be launched in the first phase of rollout.

India ignored initially

Apple launched the iconic iPhone way back in 2007, but for a long time chose to
ignore India. In the past few years, the company has increased its focus on the
country and in the last quarter iPhone sales grew by 93% in India. Absolute
sales volume, however, remain low and the company sold 0.5 million handsets in
the country in the previous quarter compared with 13-14 million in China.

In the past, Apple used to launch iPhone models in India months after they were
introduced in the US and other major markets. However, over time, this period
has shrunk. And this time, the trade expects Apple to begin selling here 15-20
days after the global launch. It is estimated that Apple will price the iPhone
6s 16GB model at Rs 65,000 and the iPhone 6S Plus 16GB variant at Rs
70,000-72,000.

The price of the 64GB and 128GB models will be much higher. The company is,
however, yet to officially announce its India pricing and launch date. A seller
in Kolkata's Air-Conditioned Market said the unofficial price premium will exist
only for the first week or so after the US launch, and will subsequently come
down. "However, the rose gold colour model may continue to command a premium, as
it has generated a lot of demand and supplies will be limited," he said.

A dealer in Delhi's Gaffar Market said the new iPhones will be available by the
end of this month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

iPhone 7 'no game changer' for Wall St

BYLINE: NAROTTAM MEDHORA

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 435 words


Not even chief executive Tim Cook singing Sweet Home Alabama on Carpool Karaoke
could get Wall Street excited about the launch of Apple's iPhone 7.

The new iPhone, which features a high-resolution camera and the option of a
jet-black glossy finish but notably lacks the traditional analog headphone jack,
is not revolutionary, analysts said.

"Overall, we thought that the phone was an improvement over previous models, but
not a game changer that will reignite a significant upgrade cycle," Deutsche
Bank analyst Sherri Scribner wrote in a note.

Apple shares, which closed up 0.6 per cent on Thursday (NZ time) when the new
phones were launched, were down more than 2 per cent at US$106.04 (NZ$143.3) in
morning trading yesterday.

The shares had closed down nearly 2 per cent last year on the day the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus were unveiled.

The iPhone 7 is priced from US$649 (NZ$1199), the same as its predecessor, the
6s. The larger iPhone 7 Plus edition will retail from US$769 (NZ$1429) - US$20
more than the 6s Plus - and will feature two cameras, including a telephoto
lens.

Wells Fargo expects Apple to sell between 14 million and 15m of the new iPhones
in the first weekend as the phones will be released in more countries than in
previous years.

The company sold more than 13m of the 6s and 6s Plus phones in the first weekend
after their launch last year.

The new phones will start shipping in major markets, including the United States
and China, on September 16. That would give Apple 14 days of sales this quarter,
compared with two days for the iPhone 6s in the year-ago quarter.

The company said it will not release first-weekend iPhone sales data, saying the
number was more a reflection of supply than demand.

Sales of all iPhone models account for more than half of Apple's revenue.

Apple typically refreshes the iPhone every year, but goes in for a big makeover
once in two years.

However, many are expecting a three- year cycle this time, leading up to a major
redesign in 2017.

"While iPhone 8 has the potential to be a big cycle, we believe there is limited
visibility given the off cycle and, if history is an indicator, believe it too
early to be investable," Wells Fargo analyst Maynard Um said.

Investment banking firm Craig- Hallum said it expected Apple to sell 211m
iPhones in the fiscal year ending September - marking the first ever year-
over-year decline in annual sales - before bouncing back to an estimated 221m in
devices sales in 2017 and 240m in 2018. -Reuters

--------------------

CAPTION:

The wireless Apple Airpods will be sold separately to the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

iPhone 7 'no game changer' for Wall St

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 435 words


Not even chief executive Tim Cook singing Sweet Home Alabama on Carpool Karaoke
could get Wall Street excited about the launch of Apple's iPhone 7.

The new iPhone, which features a high-resolution camera and the option of a
jet-black glossy finish but notably lacks the traditional analog headphone jack,
is not revolutionary, analysts said.

"Overall, we thought that the phone was an improvement over previous models, but
not a game changer that will reignite a significant upgrade cycle," Deutsche
Bank analyst Sherri Scribner wrote in a note.

Apple shares, which closed up 0.6 per cent on Thursday (NZ time) when the new
phones were launched, were down more than 2 per cent at US$106.04 (NZ$143.3) in
morning trading yesterday.

The shares had closed down nearly 2 per cent last year on the day the iPhone 6s
and 6s Plus were unveiled.

The iPhone 7 is priced from US$649 (NZ$1199), the same as its predecessor, the
6s. The larger iPhone 7 Plus edition will retail from US$769 (NZ$1429) - US$20
more than the 6s Plus - and will feature two cameras, including a telephoto
lens.

Wells Fargo expects Apple to sell between 14 million and 15m of the new iPhones
in the first weekend as the phones will be released in more countries than in
previous years.

The company sold more than 13m of the 6s and 6s Plus phones in the first weekend
after their launch last year.

The new phones will start shipping in major markets, including the United States
and China, on September 16. That would give Apple 14 days of sales this quarter,
compared with two days for the iPhone 6s in the year-ago quarter.

The company said it will not release first-weekend iPhone sales data, saying the
number was more a reflection of supply than demand.

Sales of all iPhone models account for more than half of Apple's revenue.

Apple typically refreshes the iPhone every year, but goes in for a big makeover
once in two years.

However, many are expecting a three- year cycle this time, leading up to a major
redesign in 2017.

"While iPhone 8 has the potential to be a big cycle, we believe there is limited
visibility given the off cycle and, if history is an indicator, believe it too
early to be investable," Wells Fargo analyst Maynard Um said.

Investment banking firm Craig- Hallum said it expected Apple to sell 211m
iPhones in the fiscal year ending September - marking the first ever year-
over-year decline in annual sales - before bouncing back to an estimated 221m in
devices sales in 2017 and 240m in 2018. -Reuters

--------------------

CAPTION:

The wireless Apple Airpods will be sold separately to the new iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

New leaked images reveal next iPhone's design

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


NEW DELHI: It looks like the successor to the Apple iPhone 6, which is expected
to be unveiled this fall (September-October), may not be very different from the
current version of the phone.

Pictures allegedly featuring the iPhone 6S' front panel have appeared on French
website Nowhereelse.fr, which has a good record when it comes to Apple related
leaks and rumours. The pictures feature close-ups of the phone's front panel and
the panels on assembly line.

The website mentions that the images depict the front panel of the Gold and
Silver variants of the iPhone 6S which is currently in production. The website
credits a person close to the development as the source of the information. It's
not clear if the panel features a sapphire crystal display or Force Touch, first
seen in Apple Watch.

It's not the first time we've seen leaked images of the iPhone 6S. Earlier this
month, 9to5Mac had featured images of the phone's rear shell. It was reported
that though the design of iPhone 6S does not have any tweaks, it's expected to
come with a different internal mounting structure for the new logic board and
components. The leaked images cleared the rumours that said iPhone 6S will be
equipped with a dual-lens rear camera system, since the cut-outs for camera,
microphone and LED flash on the rear casing were the same as the ones on the
iPhone 6. Like its predecessor, iPhone 6S will sport the same design at the
bottom for the headphone jack, speaker holes, microphone and Lightening port.

It's worth pointing out that the 'S' variants of iPhones are usually incremental
upgrades with no major design changes. The phone is expected to sport an
improved 12MP camera, Apple's A9 processor, 2GB RAM, 32GB storage variant and
Force Touch.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take a long time to charge because of standard
bundled chargers

LENGTH: 318  words


Both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus despite being better in every manner, lag behind
when you plug them in the wall socket in comparison to other phones

New 12MP cameras, with better performing A10 chips and still Apple couldn't
figure out to reduce the total charging time on its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus.
That's because just like its predecessors, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
has continued to ship its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with 5W chargers, so you
can imagine how long it would take for these smartphones to get charged
completely.

In fact, according to a detailed review done by Anandtech for the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus, both iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 Plus are able to charge faster than Apple's
latest mobile products, but that is also because they feature smaller battery
capacities than their successors. The disappointing thing about these tests is
that devices like Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge, which feature larger batteries
than iPhone 7 Plus are able to charge much faster, but that is thanks to
improved charging technology.

This does not mean that you continue to use the 5W charger that comes bundled
with your iPhone. You can also resort to using the iPad charger or another
aftermarket charger, but before you do, make sure that its charging
specifications are in line with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus' requirements.
According to the test results, we have included a total of six different phones
as well as the amount of time it takes for their batteries to go from 0-100
percent.

Galaxy S7 (Snapdragon 820 version): 1.51 hours
Galaxy S7 edge (Snapdragon version): 1.85 hours
iPhone 6s: 1.94 hours
iPhone 6s Plus: 2.80 hours
iPhone 7: 2.08 hours
iPhone 7 Plus: 3.07 hours

Hopefully, with the announcement of iPhone 8, Apple will realize to ship out a
more powerful charger. With these devices coming without a headphone jack, it is
becoming necessary to improve charging technologies.

Source

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2016 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

What to expect from the new iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus;
Here's a few of the updates you can see in the new iPhone to be announced on
September 9.

BYLINE: dna Web Team

LENGTH: 203  words


Here's a few of the updates you can see in the new iPhone to be announced on
September 9.

Apple will be unveiling their latest iPhone on September 9, and rumours abound
as to what the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus will be packing.

Various reports are saying the iPhone will  have an upgraded rear camera for the
first time since the iPhone 4S. Reportedly, the new iPhone will have a 12MP rear
shooter. It's also likely the front camera will get it's own LED flash, as well
as the rumoured addition of a panorama and slow-mo mode. It's also expected to
have 1080p recording. One absolute surety though, is that the new iPhone will
have 3D Force Touch, a modified version of the technology just recently
introduced into Apple's latest Macbook model and the Apple Watch.  It's a
pressure-sensitive touch sensor that can differentiate between a tap, a press,
and a deep press.

Aside from all that, the new iPhone 6S is expected to have 2GB RAM instead of
the standard 1GB, added NFC support, and 4G capability. The addition of Force
Touch also accounts for what sources have reported will be an added 0.2mm tin
thickness. Luckily, that means existing phone cases should still fit.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

Pre order your Gold iPhone 6s this weekend

LENGTH: 227  words


By tbreak Staff -

Goldgenie has confirmed that the pre order for the Gold iPhone 6s to open by
August 31st, even though there are two weeks left for Apple to make the official
announcement for the latest iPhone 6s.

The London based luxury gift and specialist gold-plating company has expressed
interest for offering the iPhone 6s in 24K Gold, Rose Gold and Platinum as well,
as soon as the phone is launched. The company has announced that a pre order
will be open on August 31st, where it will accept 50 percent advance for the
luxury editions.

According to an interview with Amjad Ali, CEO of Gold & Co London with Emirates
24|7 last year, UAE is the biggest market for the luxury edition of the phone.
The local order book is insane, with pre-orders coming in for six months, said
Ali.

Goldgenie has announced that "Customers will also be able to have their luxury
customized iPhone 6s personalized with a laser engraving of their choice". The
company will be selling the iPhone 6s on its own, or as a gift set, with a
matching customized Apple Watch. Customers can register with Goldgenie in order
to stay up to date with any news about the collection. A rough estimate shows
the bespoke version of the devices to cost around AED15,225.

The interesting thing is, Apple is yet to confirm if there even is an iPhone 6s,
and if so, its specifications and dimensions.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Samsung Galaxy S7, EDGE sale rises

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 137

LENGTH: 121  words


The flagship devices Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE from the world's largest smartphone
manufacturer Samsung are sold in greater quantities than the Apple's iPhone 6S
and 6S-Plus during a three-month period ending in May, a statement said on
Tuesday.

Almost 16 percent of customers preferred a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7-Edge
on Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus and only 14.6 percent people purchased an
iPhone 6S or 6S-Plus during this period.

No doubt, it is a significant achievement for the South Korean smartphone
manufacturer, it said.

Apple's iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus were released in September last year, while the
Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE were announced in March this year with exciting
and attractive Virtual Reality offer.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             October 2, 2015 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Advance Booking Starts for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 330 words


Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and those
waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out ' . 62,000
for the lowest storage variant, 16 GB, of the iPhone 6s and as much as . 92,000
for the 128 GB variant of ' the iPhone 6s Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the goahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told ET
the iPhone 6s 64 GB would cost about '. 72,000 and the 128 GB version would be
about ' . 82,000. The iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at ' . 72,000 and its
larger storage model of 64 GB would be priced at '. 82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbai-based chain with over 800 outlets will
take pre-orders for ' . 2,000 each up

to October 13. The devices will become available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6s 64 GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail
chains in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300
stores. "Since yesterday we

have got at least 100 or ders," he added. Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mo biles' MD
Subhash Chandra said the company had started taking pre orders for ' . 1,000
apiece t and expects most existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new models
within the first month.

The retail chains will offer EMI payment options, up grade programmes and fil
nance schemes. "We will al so offer freebies like back case and accessories
during the booking period," Satish Babu added. Sources add Apple is set to get
on a , marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are expecting much higher sales than
last l year as Apple plans to make adequate stocks available.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sells record 13 mn iPhones in weekend launch

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 239 words


Apple said Monday it sold 13 million of its new iPhones over the weekend, in a
record-breaking launch for the newest models of its iconic smartphone.

The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine
markets, including China, on Friday.

On Monday, the company said the devices will be available in 40 additional
markets October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

"Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said chief executive
Tim Cook.

Apple has also unveiled new lease and finance terms for US customers, which
analysts said could boost sales and shorten the upgrade cycle, at a time when
carriers are moving away from smartphone subsidies.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last version,
with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus -- which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" -- has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as
the earlier versions.

bur-rl/sg

Apple

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apple adds some polish; Tech giant's fall lineup includes updated Apple TV,
mightier Apple Watch and some interesting diversions

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 723 words


Apple TV

Some developers are calling this a game-changer - quite literally, since Apple
is taking a clear run at the game console market with a device that delivers
television, movie and music entertainment but with the added bonus of putting
games on the big screen. This little set top box delivers the power of a game
console like the Xbox 360, but in a smaller package and at a lower price. With
Apple launching an app store for TV apps and encouraging developers to populate
it as they have for iPhones and iPads, expect to see fast-growing choice in
games and other apps for the new Apple TV. The new Apple TV adds Siri voice
control plus a remote control that doubles as a game controller. Siri will
search across multiple content apps to give you various options for viewing. No
word yet on Canadian pricing, but the Apple TV 32GB model will be $149 US, with
the 64GB at $199 US.

iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus

While the new iPhones have kept the same screen size as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S, they have a number of tweaks and improvements. The
iPhone 6S has the same 12-centimetre screen size as the iPhone 6 and the 6S Plus
at 14 cm is the same as the 6 Plus. However, while they have the same Retina HD
display with 1920 by 1080-pixels for the Plus models and 1334 by 750-pixels for
the 6 and S6, the newest phones have new 3D Touch technology. That's a
pressure-sensitive technology that lets you take a quick look at a photo or
other content with a light touch or a deeper dive with more pressure. Live
Photos on the camera adds sound and action to the photos by automatically
capturing time both at the beginning and end of your photo shot. The new iPhones
deliver 4K video, a first for an iPhone, with a five-megapixel HD camera and a
new screen flash for selfies.

The rear-facing camera is 12 megapixels, up from 8MP on the 6 and 6 Plus.
Pre-orders start Saturday with the new phones due out Sept. 25. The new iPhones
will be available in gold, silver, space grey and a new colour, rose gold.
Pricing for the unlocked phones, which start with a 16GB model, with no contract
is as follows: iPhone 6S (unlocked, no contract) starting at $899 for 16GB,
$1,029 for 64GB and $1,159 for 128GB, and iPhone 6S Plus starting at $1,029 for
16GB, $1,159 for 32GB and $1,289 for 64GB.

iPad Pro

This isn't just another iPad upgrade - it's part of Apple's attempt to push into
the business market with a device that can deliver power and features better
than many notebook computers, but with a form factor that allows for true tablet
use. The iPad Pro has an optional $99 US Apple Pencil, a new stylus that is
geared to artists, designers and anyone else who wants to use the surface of the
iPad for writing or drawing. Apple promises a precision and lag-free performance
unmatched by other styli. There's also the $169 US Smart Keyboard, a combination
cover and keyboard that protects the screen and props the iPad up on a
kickstand, a little like the keyboard covers for Microsoft's Surface line of
tabletnotebook hybrids. The screen resolution is 2732 by 2048 pixels, higher
than any other Apple iOS device to date. The iPad Pro is slim at 6.9 mm, and
lightweight at just over 700 grams. It delivers 1.8 times the processing power
of the iPad Air 2 and double the graphics performance. It has an eightmegapixel
iSight camera and 1080p video recording. A new smart connector carries power and
data and connects magnetically to the keyboard. Canadian pricing hasn't yet been
announced for the iPad Pro, which is due out in November, but it starts at $799
US for the 32GB Wi-Fi model. The 128GB Wi-Fiplus-cellular model is $1,079. It
will come in silver, gold or grey.

Hermes Apple Watch

If you really want to impress an Apple fan on your gift list this year, you can
drop $1,100 US on the newest Apple Watch offering - make that $1,250 if you'd
like the extra-long band that wraps twice around your wrist. Along with the
Hermes Watch, Apple showed demos of the new Watch operating system, OS2, which
is due out Sept. 16.

In demos, the Watch was used for everything from Facebook Messenger to medical
monitoring and along with the highend Hermes edition, there are a number of new
strap colour and fashion options.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Paytm offers attractive cashback on iPhone 6s and 5s

LENGTH: 113  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 3 -- Zee Media Bureau
 What may come as a welcome news for iPhone lovers, Paytm has come up with
attractive cashback offers on iPhone 6s and iPhone 5s.cMaking iPhone 5s and 6s
purchase through Paytm provides you the cheapest online price available.


 MUST READ
 Without money, struggled for food: Paytm founder Vijay Shanker Sharma
 The offers are as such:
 Get Rs 8,000 cashback on iPhone 6s
 Get Rs 2,500 cashback on iPhone 5s
 iPhone 6s details
 Released 2015, September
 143g, 7.1mm thickness
 iOS 9, up to iOS 9.2.1
 16/64/128GB storage, no card slot
 iPhone 5s details
 Released September, 2013
 112g, 7.6mm thickness
 iOS 7, up to iOS 9.2.1
 16/32/64GB storage, no card slot

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday

Droves answering call for Apple's iPhone 6s

BYLINE: Richard Morgan

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 237 words


Apple saw record first-weekend pre-sales for its new iPhones on Monday, driving
the stock up 1 percent in a down market.

"Customer response to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive,
and pre-orders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple said. "We
are on pace to beat last year's 10-million-unit first-weekend record when the
new iPhones go on sale Sept. 25."

Apple, which started taking pre-orders for the two new models on Saturday, said
online demand for the iPhone 6s Plus in particular "has been exceptionally
strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the pre-order period."

The new models - unveiled last Wednesday - aren't dramatically different from
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus that came out a year ago.

But they do offer advances in video, photography and navigation through a "peek
and pop" feature that allows users to preview content by pressing the phone's
screen lightly and to call up content by applying a heavier touch.

BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk predicted the inclusion of China in this year's
first-weekend rollout would greatly boost sales by "more than doubling the
addressable market for launch day compared to last year."

China didn't receive last year's models until mid-October, the analyst said.

iPhone First weekend sales

Model -- Unit sales, in millions

6s-6s+: 10+

6-6+: 10

5s-5c: 9

5: 5

Source: Company reports, BTIG Research

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Selfie explanatory: This pose by supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio puts
the latest Apple iPhone sales figures in perspective. [WireImage]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Jio to Bring IPHONE 7, IPHONE 7 Plus to India with Unprecedented Experience

LENGTH: 459  words


Oct. 7 -- Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in
India. Jio announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio. "Jio is
India's 4G-only network, providing high- speed internet across India. The true
power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the Jio
network."

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

Exceptional Service Experience

Home Delivery and Activation: Convenient and personalized Jio SIM activation
experience at your doorstep

Express priority experience at Jio stores: Walk into any Reliance Digital store
and get access to priority Jio SIM activation

Jio for iPhone Customers

Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications.

Great Value Proposition for Enterprise

All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone 7
plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans. Details available on www.jio.com/apple

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.jio.com/apple. For more information
on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/in/iphone/.

Source: Reliance Retail

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6S, 6S Plus pre-bookings begin across India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


NEW DELHI: Retailers have started taking bookings for Apple's latest iPhones and
those waiting to get their hands on them should be prepared to shell out a
minimum of Rs 62,000 for the lowest storage variant, 16GB, of the iPhone 6S,
going up to Rs 92,000 for the 128GB variant of the iPhone 6S Plus.

According to three trade sources, Apple has communicated the indicative prices
and given the go-ahead to begin taking advance orders. Industry officials told
ET the iPhone 6S 64GB would cost about Rs 72,000 and the 128GB version would be
about Rs 82,000.

The iPhone 6S Plus 16GB would be priced at Rs 72,000 and its larger storage
model of 64GB would be priced at Rs 82,000.

Apple is yet to declare official prices in India, the company said in response
to an emailed query.

Pre-bookings have started at major retail chains across the country. The
MobileStore, India's largest mobile phone retail chain, said it will begin
taking orders from Friday. The Mumbai-based chain with over 800 outlets will
take pre-orders for Rs 2,000 each up to October 13. The devices will become
available on the night of October 15.

"The iPhone 6S 64GB variant is the most popular one as of now," said Satish
Babu, founder of Chennai-based UniverCell Mobiles, one of the largest retail
chains in south India, which has started taking pre-orders across its 300
stores. "Since yesterday we have got at least 100 orders," he added.

Bengaluru-based Sangeetha Mobiles' managing director Subhash Chandra said the
company had started taking pre-orders for Rs 1,000 apiece and expects most
existing iPhone users to upgrade to the new models within the first month.

The retail chains will offer monthly installment payment options, upgrade
programmes and finance schemes. "We will also offer freebies like back case and
accessories during the booking period," Satish Babu added.

Sources add Apple is set to get on a marketing blitzkrieg and retailers are
expecting much higher sales than last year as the Cupertino-based smartphone
maker plans to make adequate stocks available.

"We had asked for 10,000 units for the first week -- that's the kind of response
we're seeing now and expecting it to build after the launch happens. But we may
not get that much," one of the large format retailers told ET, requesting
anonymity.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple Sells Record 13 Million iPhones in Weekend Launch

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON, Sept. 28 -- Apple today said it sold 13 million of its new iPhones
over the weekend, in a record-breaking launch for the newest models of its
iconic smartphone.

The California tech giant began selling the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in nine
markets, including China, on Friday.

Today, the company said the devices will be available in 40 additional markets
October 9 including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

"Sales for iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," said chief executive
Tim Cook.

Apple has also unveiled new lease and finance terms for US customers, which
analysts said could boost sales and shorten the upgrade cycle, at a time when
carriers are moving away from smartphone subsidies.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus have the same overall dimensions as the last version,
with new technologies under the hood.

One of the key new features is called "3D touch," which responds to pressure
exerted on the screen to allow users to look inside messages and applications.

The 6S has the 4.7-inch (about 12-centimeter) display of its predecessor and the
6S Plus, which updates one of the more popular handsets in the "phablet
category" -- has the same 5.5-inch screen.

But the devices have more powerful processors that allow for improved graphics,
harder glass and a new aluminum body. Pricing will be kept at the same levels as
the earlier versions.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New iPhone 'will boost city's retail sales' with mainland demand a plus;
Experts predict high-demand for Hong Kong iPhones, even though the device will
be released on the mainland at the same time

BYLINE: Danny Lee and James Griffiths

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 392 words


The new Apple iPhone will give the city's battered retail sector a shot in the
arm, experts say, as the price difference between Hong Kong and the mainland
will help stimulate demand from across the border.

Previous iPhone launches have seen long queues in the city, as traders snap up
the latest model weeks or months before it is sold across the border. The iPhone
6S will be offered in both markets on September 25, but prices are likely to be
15 per cent lower here, and with limited supply and strong demand, resellers
still hope to cash in.

ANZ senior economist Raymond Yeung said sales of the phone "will give an obvious
short-term boost to retail sales and help top-line retail sales in September and
October".

Lo Lau, owner of a Mong Kok smartphone shop, expected the new phone - with
official prices starting at HK$6,388 - to fetch HK$11,000 to HK$20,000 at
resale. A street trader said he planned to charge a minimum of HK$12,000 for a
16GB iPhone 6S Plus, the cheapest of the new Apple range.

Demand for the iPhone has driven record profits for Apple in the past. Speaking
at the unveiling of the new model, chief executive Tim Cook said the iPhone
market in China had grown 75 per cent year-on-year, compared with 35 per cent
globally.

China is Apple's second-largest market after the Americas, bringing in US$13.2
billion in the latest quarter, up 112 per cent on the same period last year.

While ANZ's Yeung thought the iPhone would have a positive effect on Hong Kong's
retail sector, he warned the overall outlook remained weak. A reduction in
tourism and domestic consumption has dragged down sales, while a strong Hong
Kong dollar, pegged to the US dollar, has reduced the spending power of overseas
visitors, ANZ says.

At the Apple store in Causeway Bay yesterday, some shoppers who still formed
long lines to buy the current generation of iPhones expressed excitement about
the new model.

"I was using the [iPhone] 5, so I need to upgrade to the new one. At least my
phone has some resell value, so I can go ahead and trade," said Joseph Tsang
Ka-ho, 40, who was visiting the store to learn more about the 6S.

But 26-year-old Terry Lam King-wai was less impressed.

"There's not much difference between the old and the new iPhone 6S. The
appearance is the same, but with a new colour," he said. "I'll probably wait for
the next generation."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}6,388                ; The retail price, in HK
dollars, of a 16GB iPhone 6S Plus. Traders hope to resell for at least HK$12,000

GRAPHIC:                  Apple CEO Tim Cook launches the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus
during a speech in San Francisco.                    Photo: EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

New iPhone 6S, iPad Pro & Apple TV unveiled by Apple

SECTION: DEVICES; Product Breakthroughs

LENGTH: 406 words



HIGHLIGHT: Pre-orders for the new phones will start in the UK and US on
September 12.


After months of speculations, Apple has unveiled the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus,
along with the iPad Pro, new Apple TV and Apple Watch upgrades featuring new
bands.

Apple claims that the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus are the most advanced iPhones ever,
as they feature a multi-touch interface and 3D Touch which recognises gestures
like pressing and holding to provide new ways to interact with content and
access features.

The new phones are powered by an A9 processor making it faster and better in
terms of battery life. It will run on the iOS 9, which is set to make its debut
on 16th September.

The latest phones are stronger than its predecessors, as they have been designed
using 7000 series aluminium which is used in the aerospace industry and feature
Retina HD displays made from the strongest glass used on any smartphone.

The $650 iPhone 6S and the $750 6S pro come with a 12MP iSight rear camera and a
5MP front camera, along with a feature called 'Live Photos' which records
second-and-a-half minute videos immediately before and after a picture is taken.

The San Francisco event also saw the introduction of a bigger, faster and
thinner iPad, starting at a price of $799.

The iPad Pro features a 12.9-inch Retina display with 5.6 million pixels - the
most pixels ever added in an iOS device.

The company is targeting professionals in the field of engineering, medical,
entertainment, and design with more than 850,000 apps that are specifically
designed for the new iPad.

It features the new A9X 64-bit chip, has a 10-hour battery life, streams 4K
video, weighs just over 1.5 pounds, and comes with a stylus that feels like a
real pencil. There is also a Microsoft Surface-style smart keyboard coated with
a thin fabric that doubles as a cover.

Apple CEO Tim Cook also unveiled a new set top TV box for Apple TV that features
its own app store and has voice assistant Siri in charge of user requirements.

The TV is powered by iOS based tvOS OS, and its remote features a glass touch
surface allowing swipe and gesture control.

Shipping of the new Apple TV will start this October at $149 for the 32 GB
version and $199 for 64 GB varient.

The company also unveiled Apple Watch Hermès, a partnership that led to the
introduction of Apple watches with distinctive styles from Hermès, along with
the introduction of new gold and rose gold aluminium Apple Watch Sport models.
The Watch has also been enhanced with OS 2, making apps faster and more fluid.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Still Want That iPhone? Pay Rs 34,000 Less Now

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 505 words


In a first, Apple has decided to offer discounts on its latest iPhones in less
than a month of their launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating a
buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, giving consumers a discount of up to '.
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade
partners of Apple in India said.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at ' '92,000 depend
. 62,000-.ing on memory and model, but sales are down 15-20% over last year as
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which hit the market last year, were cheaper by ' .
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of Ap

ple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out the buyback scheme in a
handful of Apple stores and multibrand cellphone retail chains in South India,
which will be subsequently taken national.The other three distributors will
follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its target of trebling sales
during the October-December quarter compared with the same period last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are

closely monitoring buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how
desperate Apple is to increase sales in India since it did not expect such a
weak launch for the new iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading
trade partners said. "Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect
subsidy to retailers to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell
the old phone, but this time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of . 34,000 on the new iPhones ' is against iPhone 6. The
company has informed trade that it will also buy back select high-end hand sets
of rival Samsung. Ap ple has also created a sepa rate website for retailers to
upload details of old hand

sets against which the new models will be bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest

a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at 711% discount since last week
on ecommerce marketplaces such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers have led to great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting or ders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier II
cities," he said.

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had ac
knowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign ex change fluctuations has had an impact on sales.

However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive about
India's potential in the long run. The India price is . 14,000-16,000 more than
in ' markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor
sales in India are in stark contrast to the global picture where the new phones
are disappearing fast from the shelves.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                      October 13, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iFixit tears down 3D Touch sensor in iPhone 6S

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 259  words


According to repair firm iFixit, a teardown of the 3D Touch sensor in Apple's
new iPhone 6S smartphone has revealed that removing the handset's 3D Touch
sensor from the rest of the display is fairly easy.

The iFixit team has also said that the change accompanying the removal of the 3D
Touch sensor in iPhone 6S from the rest of the handset's display can seemingly
make the fixing of the iPhones much simpler.

The teardown by the iFixit team has revealed that though the 3D Touch assembly
in the iPhone 6S is at the extreme rear side of the handset's display panel, it
is still relatively easy to separate the 3D Touch sensor from the backlight,
digitizer glass, and even the display itself.

The iFixit team has also said that, on the basis of a detailed examination of
the iPhone 6S handset's 3D Touch panel, it has been found that the panel chiefly
consists of a grid of rectangular capacitor plates, which are connected to a
controller circuit via small traces.

Meanwhile, despite the fairly easy process of removal of the iPhone 6S handset's
3D Touch panel from the rest of the handset's display, the iFixit team has said
that the disassembling and reassembling of a smartphone display should not be
undertaken by an average person because the process requires the use of very
specialized tools.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/apple)United States
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/region/united-states)

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Tennessee: Amazon - iPhone 6S Armband Only $7.95 + Free Shipping! ($24.99 Value)

LENGTH: 237  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The Crazy Coupon Chick, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:



 Getting some a new iPhone 6S for Christmas? The iPhone 6S Armband is only $7.95
+ Free Shipping! ($24.99 Value) This is perfect for working out at the gym or
for going on walks with the dog. You can even get this in time for Christmas!
CLICK HERE to order yours now!





     PREMIUM MATERIALS: Made of stretch resistant neoprene. The Trianium iPhone
6/6S Armband case easily bends, flexes, twists, and folds without warping.
Comfort-grip keeps the band firmly on your arm during workouts and running.
Headphone and charger cutouts allow direct access to the phone through the
armband.

     UNIVERSAL SIZING: Multi-slot Adjustable Velcro iPhone Armband Will Fit
Almost Any Arm Size Up To 14".

     TOUCH SCREEN COMPATIBLE: Enjoy the full use of your iPhone 6 6S through the
protective screen cover on the armband with fully touch compatible, easily
answer calls, manage your playlist, or activate your stopwatch without removing
the phone.

     EXTRA FEATURES: Water resistant design protects against water and sweat.
Built-in key pocket; secret compartment stores your house key while exercising.

     LIFETIME WARRANTY: Trianium offers maximum protection for the life of your
iPhone 6S Armband / iPhone 6 Armband.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               24 Hours Vancouver

                          September 14, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

New iPhone features are nice , but Apple will have a tough sell

BYLINE: Josh Mcconnell, 24 Hours Vancouver

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 473  words


If it's September, there ust be a brand new iPhone ine from Apple Inc. And if
his year's iPhone looks susiciously similar to last year's Phone, that's
because, well, it s.

Called the iPhone 7 and the Phone 7 Plus, the new line arks the first time Apple
has ot followed one of its S-series ith a design change - a devition from its
usual two-year esign cycle. The height, idth and depth dimensions f the new
phones are all idenical to the previous iPhone 6s nd 6s Plus, though the weight
s slightly less.

The Financial Post was one a few media outlets globally receive early review
units of oth phones to test all of the ew features.

On the inside, there is a aster processor that's up to 40 er cent faster than
last year's Phone 6s and 6s Plus, plus here is up to 50 per cent beter graphics
capabilities. The hones feel quicker in simple day-to-day tasks such as web
browsing, switching between apps or restarting. More intensive actions such as
photo or video editing and gaming also load faster or render much more quickly.
The Home button has also been redesigned, using a taptic engine vibration that
creates the illusion of the user pressing a button without anything actually
moving. Removing the button helps seal the phones, making them water and dust
resistant.

Controversially, Apple has also removed the headphone jack. The company said
this was done to help free up space internally for other technology, like a
bigger battery or the taptic engine.

Regular headphones can now be connected using an adapter, which will retail for
only $10, for the device's Lightning port.

Alternately, music lovers can use Bluetooth headphones, such as Apple's new
EarPods that are releasing in October. The only real usability issue with a lack
of headphone jack is when you want to charge your phone while listening to
music, which requires a separate adapter.

The most impressive part about the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is its camera.
Both models have 12-megapixel cameras, as did the iPhone 6s and 6 Plus. But the
new phones feature a larger aperture, which means improved lowlight photos with
better detail and less graininess.

But the real story for this generation, and what Apple is hoping you'll pay
extra for, is in the larger 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. Instead of just one
12-megapixel camera, the phone has two. One is set at the usual wide angle of
other iPhones, but the second camera is a telephoto lens that's permanently
closer to subjects. This means you can now "zoom in " optically when taking
photos without losing quality.

If you have an iPhone 6s or 6s Plus, you won't see as much of a difference this
year other than the big camera upgrades. But if you have an even older iPhone,
then there is plenty to like about the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

Both will be available Sept.

16 starting at $899 and $1049, respectively, off contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 24 Hours Vancouver
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple says sales for latest iPhones may surpass 10 million in first weekend on
sale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


NEW YORK - Preorders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple
expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the
first weekend.

Apple began taking preorders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.

The new models, which go on sale Sept. 25, have more memory and faster
processors, along with a new 12 mega-pixel camera.

The phones have not gone up in price, but last year's record-selling iPhone 6
and 6 Plus models will now sell for $100 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the preorder period,"
Apple said. "We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have
iPhone 6s Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when
they open next Friday."

The iPhone is still Apple's most important product. Sales of the iconic
smartphone contributed more than two-thirds of the Cupertino, California,
company's $107 billion in revenue during the first half of 2015.

The newest product from Apple arrives as smartphone sales slow globally, with so
many people already carrying them.

But researchers at IDC, an industry data provider, say that iPhone sales are
growing faster those of its rival, Android. IDC expects iPhone shipments to grow
by 16 per cent this year, while it estimates Android phones will grow only 10
per cent.

Analysts said demand is being boosted partly by China, which is being included
in the initial launch for the first time. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster
said he expects China to add 2 million units to the opening weekend.

"We believe the takeaway is that the 6S is off to a solid start and should
continue to gain share at the high-end of the smartphone market," he wrote.

FBR analyst Dan Ives also said demand in China should help boost sales results,
despite its volatile economy.

"While we are keeping a close eye on China given the macro backdrop and consumer
worries, we believe Apple's 'white-hot momentum' in the country will continue in
coming quarters," he said, since there is room to grow market share, growing
demand for its App store and other selling opportunities there.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Apple says sales for latest iPhones may surpass 10 million in first weekend on
sale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


NEW YORK - Preorders for its latest iPhone have been so strong that Apple
expects to surpass last year's record, when it sold 10 million phones during the
first weekend.

Apple began taking preorders for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on Saturday.

The new models, which go on sale Sept. 25, have more memory and faster
processors, along with a new 12 mega-pixel camera.

The phones have not gone up in price, but last year's record-selling iPhone 6
and 6 Plus models will now sell for $100 less.

"As many customers noticed, the online demand for iPhone 6s Plus has been
exceptionally strong and exceeded our own forecasts for the preorder period,"
Apple said. "We are working to catch up as quickly as we can, and we will have
iPhone 6s Plus as well as iPhone 6s units available at Apple retail stores when
they open next Friday."

The iPhone is still Apple's most important product. Sales of the iconic
smartphone contributed more than two-thirds of the Cupertino, California,
company's $107 billion in revenue during the first half of 2015.

The newest product from Apple arrives as smartphone sales slow globally, with so
many people already carrying them.

But researchers at IDC, an industry data provider, say that iPhone sales are
growing faster those of its rival, Android. IDC expects iPhone shipments to grow
by 16 per cent this year, while it estimates Android phones will grow only 10
per cent.

Analysts said demand is being boosted partly by China, which is being included
in the initial launch for the first time. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster
said he expects China to add 2 million units to the opening weekend.

"We believe the takeaway is that the 6S is off to a solid start and should
continue to gain share at the high-end of the smartphone market," he wrote.

FBR analyst Dan Ives also said demand in China should help boost sales results,
despite its volatile economy.

"While we are keeping a close eye on China given the macro backdrop and consumer
worries, we believe Apple's 'white-hot momentum' in the country will continue in
coming quarters," he said, since there is room to grow market share, growing
demand for its App store and other selling opportunities there.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's little big adventure;
TECHNOLOGY ; Day one review: Does Apple's diminutive new iPhone SE live up to
the hype or does size really matter? We got our hands on an advance unit

BYLINE: Steve Dinneen

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 945 words


Ifeel like a giant. I feel like a god. My fingers feel as long and slender as a
concert pianist's. My thumbs reach right to the top corner of my phone screen
for the first time in years. I feel alive. Apple today releases the iPhone SE,
which looks almost identical to 2013's diminutive iPhone 5, with its 4" screen
(how tiny!) and chamfered edges. Only little details like the gleaming Apple
logo, matt edges and dual flash allow you to tell them apart by sight alone.

It's a sign that the Cult of Big may be slowing, after three years of solid
growth that's seen the lines between phones, phablets and tablets become
increasingly blurred.

It's nice to see the return of the iPhone 5-style handset; it was a classic,
second only to the iPhone 4. It's like being reunited with an ex you never
stopped thinking about. But don't let the looks fool you: the SE packs almost as
much heat as the top-of-the-line 6s.

WHAT'S IT GOT? Apple has managed to squeeze virtually all of its high-end
gadgetry into this dainty little package. It's got the new A9 processor, which
makes everything work incredibly smoothly (I fired up an old iPhone 5s and the
difference is night and day, although you might not see much difference between
this and the iPhone 6). Boot up a CPU intensive game like Warhammer 40,000:
Carnage and you can see the potential, with high-definition 3D graphics running
as smoothly as it would on a dedicated console.

It has a 12 megapixel camera, the same as the one on the 6s, which is brilliant.
It can record 4K video, which is another great demonstration of what this
handset is capable of, with the ability to zoom into areas of video with little
loss of quality. It has Live Photo, which adds a snippet of video before and
after your snaps (I find it a bit annoying, but you can always turn it off). It
has the Touch ID Thumb Scanner to unlock the phone and access features in some
apps (buying stuff from Amazon, for instance).

WHAT'S IT NOT GOT? First up, it lacks the 3D Touch feature from the iPhone 6s,
which allows you to "half press" and "force press" to bring up extra options and
previews. Is this a biggie? Meh, not really. If you were to look back on my
iPhone 6s review, you'd see I was singing the praises of 3D Touch - and it's
great in theory. For a few weeks, I couldn't get enough of it - touching things
in 2D felt so lame. But after a few months, it hasn't changed the way I use my
phone, largely because it's too costly for app developers to integrate a feature
that will be unavailable for most users. Without apps to reinforce the newly
learned skill, I eventually forget about it.

The SE has a worse front-facing camera than the 6s. Significantly worse, in pure
hardware terms, although software like "Retina flash" helps a bit. If you take a
lot of selfies, this is some-thing you should consider.

If you're used to a large phone, adapting to the smaller keyboard is tough.
Downsizing from the 6s Plus makes it feel like I'm looking down the wrong end of
a telescope, although no doubt that will diminish with use.

Finally, and perhaps less obviously, it's a generation off the beat in terms of
Touch ID - if you're used to the iPhone 6s, you'll notice the difference, with
slower and less reliable thumbprint scanning.

VERDICT While Apple purists lament the passing of the company's monolithic
iPhone offering, it's hard to take umbrage with more choice. To an extent, the
comparisons I've made throughout this review are a little unfair: this phone
isn't really competing with the 6s, it's catering to those people who have been
reluctant to trade up from their iPhone 5s, or from some equivalent Android
phone. If that's you, this is an exceptional handset at an exceptional price
(£359). If you're wavering between the SE and the 6s or 6s Plus, it's really
down to how you plan on using it. Personally, while I can probably live without
the full keyboard, I play too many games and read too many long articles to
compromise on screen size. I'm willing to carry around a phone that pokes me in
the thigh every time I sit down - that's the trade-off. If, however, you're more
interested in checking social media, taking pictures and, you know, making phone
calls, but don't want to get left behind with the latest tech, this is a great
device that will last for years. It's the best little phone in the world.

SIZE MATTERS... HERE ARE THREE OF THE BEST COMPACT SMARTPHONES PHONE: HTC ONE A9
SIZE: 5.0 INCHES This five-incher takes design inspiration from the iPhone 6S,
but this is anything but a knock-off. The all-metal HTC One A9 matches Apple for
build quality and materials, making it a spectacular phone in its own right.
It's the closest you can get to running Android software on iPhone hardware.

PROS: Powerful on board DAC makes it the phone of choice for audio fans.

CONS: Poor battery life.

PHONE: SONY Z5 COMPACT SIZE: 4.6 INCHES Sony's waterproof phone comes in a
slightly smaller size, although it's still a giant compared to the teensy iPhone
SE. This is another solid product from the resurgent Japanese manucaturer; proof
that there is space in the smartphone race for someone other than Apple and
Samsung.

PROS: It's waterproof, it's very nicely built.

CONS: Not actually all that compact.

PHONE: SAMSUNG A3 SIZE: 4.5 INCHES Samsung's Galaxy S7 follows the "bigger is
better" trend, but look to their mid-range handsets and you'll find the tiny
Galaxy A3. Like the HTC across the page, a degree of iPhone mimicry has gone
into the design of this neat one-hander - but it's a sturdy and well built
device.

PROS: Expandable memory and superb battery life.

CONS: Camera quality isn't a patch on the latest range of giant smartphones.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2016 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                      October 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple's Most Expensive iPhone 6s Goes On Sale In India At Rs 92,000

BYLINE: Sheldon

LENGTH: 283  words


It has been a long wait for Apple fans, who finally get their chance to purchase
the brand new iPhone 6s from Apple reseller stores all over India today. And as
the year's go by, Apple has also realised that India is an important and
maturing market for it's best selling product, the iPhone. And the Cupertino
giant could not bring in its hottest product at a better time to India, which
happens to arrive on the verge of the festive season.

But what is different this year compared to any other iPhone launch in the past,
are the prices. Many will find them ridiculous and most will ponder about
whether paying Rs 62,000 for a paltry 16 GB of internal storage makes any sense.

Yes, this year's iPhone prices will cost you an arm and a leg:

iPhone 6s (available in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver and Grey)

16 GB: Rs 62,000

64 GB: Rs 72,000

128 GB: Rs 82,000

And if you thought that was not high-enough we also have the iPhone 6s Plus to
shatter smartphone price barriers

16 GB: Rs 72,000

64 GB: Rs 82,000

128 GB: Rs 92,000

While we have no numbers from Apple just yet, there will be plenty of festive
shoppers pondering over whether they should go in for the older iPhone 6 instead
of the ludicrously priced iPhone 6s models that cost more than Apple's MacBook
Air laptops.

The smartphones hit pre-order almost a week ago, with most online reseller's
shipping iPhone 6s units to owners today itself, while the rest get them by
tomorrow.

Well for now all we can say is that even if Apple does not sell 55,000 iPhones
in 42 hours like last year, it is surely making headlines for its outrageous
pricing. Ones that may convince many with heavy pockets to splurge on having
something unique in their hands this festive season.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple's new iPhone6 breaks sales record

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS;BUSINESS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 255 words


APPLE has enjoyed "phenomenal" sales of the newlylaunched iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, according to chief executive Tim Cook, selling more than 13 million
units within three days of availability.

The sales figures surpass last year's 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales
within the same three-day period.

Mr Cook said: "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D Touch
and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to
customers in even more countries on October 9." For the first time, China was
among the first countries to carry the new iPhones from release.

Previously, customers in China had to wait several weeks or months before new
models were approved for sale.

China is estimated to have accounted for between 2 and 2.5 million unit sales,
meaning non-China sales rose by between 5pc and 10pc, according to analysts FBR
& Co.

The new models went on sale in the UK last Friday, prompting fans to queue
overnight outside London's Covent Garden store.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the first models to sport pressure-sensitive
screens, which is utilised through the company's 3D Touch technology, opening
new shortcut menus depending on the pressure applied to the display. Both units'
rear-facing cameras were upgraded from 8MP to 12MP, whilst the front-facing
FaceTime camera was boosted from 1.2MP to 5MP.

Sales completed by last-Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth quarter
fiscal results, whilst sales from Sunday onwards will be included in the first
2016 quarterly results.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      July 1, 2015 Wednesday 09:24 PM EST

iPhone 6S to feature much faster download speeds, report says

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 300  words


Click for image

As a mid-cycle upgrade, the iPhone 6S won't see any drastic, if any, aesthetic
changes compared to the iPhone 6. But under the hood, the iPhone 6S may very
well provide a compelling upgrade proposition

According to a recent report from 9to5Mac, Apple's next-gen iPhone will feature
a Qualcomm LTE chip that promises to deliver a drastic increase in download
speeds at the device level. While real-world usage remains to be seen, the
Qualcomm LTE chip Apple has its eyes set on can, in theory, deliver network
speeds up to twice as fast as current LTE download speeds.

For end users, the most important new feature from the chip will be the
potential for up to 300 Mbps download speeds, doubling the 150 Mbps download
speeds found in the current generation iPhone lineup. The new chip has the same
50 Mbps upload speed limit, however, and real-world performance is likely to be
closer to 225Mbps or lower, depending on the cellular network.

What makes this rumored chip all the more intriguing is that it will supposedly
boast increased power efficiency as well. This should prove to be extremely
valuable, as improved battery life, time and time again, appears to be the
feature iPhone fans are most concerned with year after year. Speaking of which,
9to5Mac's report also relays that the iPhone 6S, thanks to a slightly more
narrow motherboard, may actually feature a slightly larger battery.

As for other iPhone 6S rumors we've seen, Bloomberg recently confirmed that the
iPhone 6S will feature a Force Touch display, the same feature Apple first
introduced on the Apple Watch and later its revamped MacBook. Additionally,
folks planning to upgrade can look forward to a more reliable Touch ID sensor,
2GB of RAM, and, last but not least, what promises to be a blazing fast A9
processor.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 8:09 AM GMT

Apple Event September 2015: new iPhone 6S, iPad Pro, and Apple TV revealed - as
it happened;
The tech giants announced a variety of new products and updates in San Francisco

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 325 words


It's the time that Apple fans across the world await with baited breathevery
year - the September Event which saw the technology company unveil their latest
range of gadgets, software, apps, and more.

Following months of rumours and speculation about what new Apple products and
updates might be unveiled at the San Francisco-based presentation, we finally
got our answer.

The new iPhone 6S and 6S Pluswas the biggest reveal of the night, featuring a
highly developed camera, brand new '3D touch' functionality which offers new
gestures, and a version available in 'Rose Gold' - or, as the rest of us like to
call it, pink.

The new iPhones include an advanced A9 chip, andherald the arrival of iOS9
software. The iPhone 6S and 6S plus will both goon sale in the UK on September
25.

Read more

Apple Event September 2015: new iPad Pro unveiled - in pictures

Apple Event September 2015: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus revealed

Jimmy Iovine talks Apple Music, Zane Lowe, and Taylor Swift

The event also presented the iPad Pro - the most advanced tablet from Apple yet,
with a 12.9" screen that allows two apps to run at once, and "desktop-class
performance" with Microsoft and Adobe software. The screen is 78% larger than
the original iPad, but the unit weighs just 1.57lbs. It is due to arrive in
November.

A new version of Apple TV was also demonstrated. With extensive use of
Siri-enhanced voice control, the entertainment streaming device has received a
complete overhaul and now features additional apps, games, and music
capabilities. It is set to arrive in late October.

Also revealed was a 'Rose Pink' version of the Apple Watch, with updated Watch
OS software available on September 16.

For more details on the Apple Event as it happened, see our live blog below.

LIVE BLOG

-

Please allow a few seconds to load

For more on tech and gaming, click here

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2015 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

iPhone 6c to use FinFET chips for better performance and reduced power
consumption

LENGTH: 308  words


Looks like the iPhone 5c successor is going to be loaded with some impressive
hardware

By tbreak Staff -

While seeing an iPhone 6c is not going to be happen during any remaining month
of 2015, all that might change next year. In addition to releasing its iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple is also intending on releasing a lesser performing
iPhone 6c. Now, we have received information that the upcoming smartphone is
going to have a much bigger performance margin as compared to iPhone 5c, because
iPhone 6c is going to feature FinFET chips.

Sources close to the information claim that iPhone 6c is either going to be
incorporated with TMSC's 16nm FinFET chips, or Samsung's 14nm FinFET ones. There
were reports coming in that iPhone 6c would feature Apple's chipset that would
be based on TSMC's 20nm process, but that would not allow the handset to possess
impressive processing power and energy efficiency like FinFET chips are able to
deliver. Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are expected to be released during
the month of September, and will feature impressive specifications, including a
20nm Cat 6 LTE modem from Qualcomm.

Apple will be looking to exclude home buttons from its next lineup of iPhones
(after iPhone 6s), so we will be looking forward to that kind of innovation. As
for the specifications that we do know about iPhone 6c, the handset is expected
to feature a 4 inch display with a much higher resolution as compared to iPhone
5c. Moreoever, Apple might exclude 16 GB iPhones from its production, so it
looks like we will be looking at a 32 GB iPhone 6c in the future.

Having FinFET chips installed in smartphones has many benefits, with the two
primary ones being improved efficiency and very impressive performance. Unlike
iPhone 5c, we expect iPhone 6c to feature a slightly larger price tag thanks to
its improved hardware.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

In a first, Apple offers discount up to Rs 34,000

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


KOLKATA: In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones
in less than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating
a buyback offer on iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, giving consumers discount of up to Rs
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to
buyback old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine
and reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior
trade partners of Apple in India said.

READ ALSO:

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus were launched last month in India at Rs 62,000-Rs
92,000 depending on memory and model, but sales were down 15-20% over last year
as iPhone 6 and 6 Plus which hit the market last year were cheaper by Rs
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of the Apple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out
the buyback scheme in a handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail
chains in South India which will be subsequently taken national. The other three
distributors will also follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its
target of trebling sales during the October-December quarter over last year.

READ ALSO:

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
the buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to
increase sales in India since it did not expect such a weak launch for the new
iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners said.

"Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers
to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this
time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of Rs 34,000 on the new iPhones is against iPhone 6. The
company has informed trade that it will also buyback select hi-end handsets of
rival Samsung. Apple has also created a separate website where retailers have to
upload details of old handsets against which new models will be bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at
7-11% discount since last week in e-commerce marketplaces such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers has led to a great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6S not only from metros, but also from Tier-II
cities," he said.

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales.

READ ALSO:

However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive about
India's potential in the long run. The India price is Rs 14,000-16,000 more than
in markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor sales
in India are in stark contrast to the global picture where the new phones are
disappearing very fast from the shelves.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                                Kolkata Edition

Apple Offers Discounts Worth Rs 34k to up Sales

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 446 words


In a first, Apple has decided to offer discount on its latest iPhones in less
than a month of its launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating a
buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, giving consumers discount of up to '.
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade
partners of Apple in India said.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at ' '92,000 de .
62,000-.pending on memory and

model, but sales were down 15-20% over last year as iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which
hit the market last year, were . 8,500-9,000.cheaper by ' Ingram Micro, one of
Apple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out the buyback scheme in a
handful of Apple stores and multi-brand cellphone retail

chains in South India, which will be subsequently tak

en national.The other three distributors will also follow suit since the US

low suit since the US company wants to achieve its target of trebling sales
during the October-December quarter compared with the same period last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are closely monitoring
buyback

at the retail end to track sales, showing how desperate Apple is to increase
sales in India since it did not expect such a weak launch for the new iPhones,"
a senior executive with one of the leading trade partners said."Earlier
companies offering buyback used to give indirect subsidy to retailers to com
pensate and it was

the retailer's headache to sell the old phone, but this time

the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of

. 34,000 on the new iPhones is ' against iPhone 6. The company has informed
trade that it will also buy back select highend handsets of rival Samsung. Apple
has also created a separate website for retailers

have to upload details of old handsets against which the new models will be
bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at
711% discount since last week in ecommerce marketplaces such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers have led to great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting orders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier-II
cities," he said. .

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had
acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on their
sales.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE review: Apple is more clever than you thought

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Apple's latest innovation iPhone SE may not be worth queuing up for. Also, it is
exactly not the first iPhone for price conscious consumers in India. But before
you call Apple stupid for pricing the smaller SE more than iPhone 6 and almost
at par with 6S, note that this iPhone may not be targeted at you.

The Cupertino-based tech giant has already acknowledged that smartphones with
big screens are the future. But what happens to those who are unwilling to give
up the comfort of using smaller but powerful phones?

There is hardly any smaller, 'comfortable' and powerful option available, of
late. So, this is Apple's reply.

After using the iPhone SE for some time, here is our review.

Design and display

The iPhone SE is an exact clone of the older 5S. It is difficult to spot the
differences as there's hardly any. However, it is slightly slimmer and lighter.
The comfort of a smaller phone is something only stubborn users of iPhone 4, 4S,
5 and 5S users will reckon. There is still a substantial percentage of such
users in the country and especially globally. Also, there are several iPhone 6
users who wants to go back to the smaller version. For them, the prowess of
latest iPhone 6S in the body of 5S is indeed a special edition. However, this
might put off many first time buyers, especially for the price.

On the display front, again there is no major difference. Everything looks good
in the small screen with a resolution of just 1136 x 640 pixels. 3D Touch is
absent in the iPhone SE. Overall, the display is crisp with good contrast and
viewing angles.

The new Night Shift mode makes a huge difference in darkness. It puts less
strain on the eyes. Night Shift is introduced in the latest iOS 9.3 update, the
feature is not supported on all older 4-inch iPhones. While 5S supports it, 5
and 5C doesn't.

The SE version has a solid build and is sturdier than the newer versions. It is
compact, lightweight and is made exclusively for one-hand usage. It is also
available in Rose Gold colour.

Camera and performance

This segment is a major upgrade for older iPhone users. The iPhone SE has the
camera of the 6S along with Live Photos. The 12MP rear camera is capable of
shooting 4K videos along with slo-mo and time-lapse videos. There is a dual tone
LED Flash at the back and on the front screen flashes to lighten selfies, like
in the 6S.

Under good lighting conditions, the camera shoots good photos, but images shot
under low-light without Flash will leave users desiring for more. While camera
quality is good, it is not at par with the 6S or the older iPhone 6.

The iPhone SE is powered by the latest Apple A9 processor with M9
motion-tracking and PowerVR GT7600 graphics. The device is smooth and here are
no glitches in performance. It might look small but it is not at all 'less
powerful' than the 6S -- all iPhone users will vouch for this at least.

If you are into gaming on small screen, apps like Asphalt 8: Airborne run with
ease. In short, it has the horsepower of the iPhone 6S.

The fingerprint scanner or Touch ID is included in the SE and it is fast. The
phone is backed by a 1,624mAh battery. The battery life is slightly better due
to a smaller low-resolution screen of the SE. Users can squeeze in one day in a
full charge easily.

Verdict

The iPhone SE is the cheapest phone Apple has launched in recent years globally.
However, Rs 39,000 for 16GB version and Rs 49,000 for 64GB variant are obviously
over-priced. While the smaller iPhone makes perfect sense, the current pricing
is a deterrent. Once, the re-imported iPhone 5S goes out of stock in India and
also with the iPhone 7 launch, the prices of SE is bound to drop. The iPhone SE
prices in India will simply help Apple to boost sales of the other existing
iPhones for now.

The SE is just a matter of choice for people who prefer to use small screen and
Apple doesn't want them to use old hardware to run new apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday

Comin' up roses Men spiking demand for 'bro's gold' iPhone 6s

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 391 words


After camping outside Apple's Fifth Avenue flagship for 15 days to get the new
iPhone, Jaime Gonzalez had a front-row seat when Pope Francis rode past it
Thursday evening.

So what was the bigger thrill - seeing the pope, or getting the new phone on
Friday morning?

"About the same," said the 38-year-old truck driver from Queens.

The crowd of Apple freaks that queued up at the Midtown store for the iPhone 6s
wasn't quite as big as last year's iPhone 6 launch, according to anecdotal
accounts.

That's despite a prediction from Foursquare that the iPhone 6s will rack up
global unit sales between 13 million and 15 million in its opening weekend - a
hefty increase over last year's 10 million.

Still, FBR & Co. analyst Daniel Ives said demand looked "very strong" early
Friday, noting that the rose-gold versions were being snatched up by more than a
third of shoppers surveyed by the bank.

On Fifth Avenue, emotions ran high among sleep-deprived Apple fans in the
moments before the 6s and 6s Plus models went on sale Friday at 8 a.m.

Miguel Guevara and Anthony Ortiz - who said they landed the fifth and sixth
positions in line when they arrived a week ago - got miffed as they watched a
crowd of customers with online reservations file past them when the doors
opened. (The store, usually open 24/7, closed, as usual before a product launch,
from midnight to 8 a.m.)

"A lot of these people got here four hours ago," the 24-year-old Guevara said,
concerned about snagging a rose-gold, 64-gigabyte version of the 6s Plus. (He
got it, eventually.)

Justina Sicinnaite, 25, from Lithuania, who, along with 22-year-old Haoyu Lin,
led the reserved line, reckoned it was "not possible" that Guevara and Ortiz had
been there a full week.

"Their phones are charged," she pointed out before being ushered inside to
raucous applause from a throng of Apple employees.

Outside, Guevara and Ortiz were left to explain how they took turns eating,
showering and charging each other's phones in their seven-day, around-the-clock
ritual.

Jasper Deweerdt, 20, a student from Belgium, arrived around 1 a.m. Friday to
take his spot in line. He says the ritual was on his "bucket list."

"I wanted to do the line once in my life," Deweerdt said. "It's the most famous
Apple store in the world. Where else would I be?"

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple fans, here lining up outside Manhattan's Fifth Avenue flagship
store on Friday, are expected by one analyst to buy as many as 15 million iPhone
6s models this weekend . surprising number of men are expected to buy the
rose-gold iPhone 6s-and, as a result, folks have taken to calling it "bro's
gold." Here, a Beijing man eyes such a model.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 8, 2015 Thursday 10:44 AM GMT

iPhones 6S battery life 'varies by up to two hours depending on chip supplier';

TSMC and Samsung make chips for iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, but power consumption
varies markedly, according to user reports

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 464 words


Two seemingly identical, brand new, iPhones 6S may have a battery life that
differs by up to two hours depending on which of two companies manufactured
their processor, according to reports from owners.

The investigations were sparked by a report from technology news site Anandtech
that Apple is dual-sourcing one of the key components of the new phones. The A9
"system on a chip", the lump of silicon that lies at the heart of the iPhone 6S
and iPhone 6S Plus, is designed by Apple but manufactured by two independent
contractors: Korea's Samsung Electronics and Taiwan's TSMC. The two chips
interact with the rest of the hardware identically, based as they are on the
same designs, but differences in their production is apparently having an effect
on how efficient they are at doing their jobs.

TSMC's implementation of Apple's designs uses a manfacturing process with a
minimum transistor width of 16nm compared to Samsung's 14nm, and results in a
chip that is physically larger by 8.5mm 2. But as well as the physical
difference, the TSMC version of the chip also seems to have markedly better
power consumption, according to user reports shared on sites including Mac
Rumours and Reddit. One user, with two iPhone 6S Pluses with different chips,
reported a difference of two hours in battery life between the phones: the TSMC
chip hit almost eight hours while running a suite of battery-intensive
activities, while the Samsung one managed barely six.

It is tricky to determine which version of the chip is installed in a particular
phone, but some apps such as Lirum Device Info can tell owners. Samsung's chip
shows up as N66AP or N71AP, while TSMC's appears as N66MAP or N71MAP.

This is not the first time Apple has run into trouble dual-sourcing key
components. In 2012, when it launched the Retina MacBook Pro, the company bought
screens from two different suppliers, LG and Samsung. The LG-provided screens
turned out to suffer from significant "burn-in" issues, displaying a ghost of
any image left onscreen for too long. Despite calls for a recall from users, the
company didn't publicly acknowledge the difference in quality, but did
apparently begin replacing the defective laptops if users brought them in to a
store complaining about the quality.

Earlier this year, the Wall Street Journal reported that attempts to dual-source
the new "taptic engine" in the Apple Watch had also led to issues. One of the
two providers of the ground-breaking vibration component, AAC Technologies, was
apparently unable to consistently provide reliable parts, leading Apple to drop
it as a supplier and scrap some completed watches. In the end, the company only
used parts provided by Japan's Nidec, which didn't experience the same problem.

Apple has not responded to a request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      October 8, 2015 Thursday 9:48 AM GMT

iPhones 6s battery life 'varies by up to two hours depending on chip supplier';

TSMC and Samsung make chips for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, but power consumption
varies markedly, according to user reports

BYLINE: Alex Hern

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 464 words


Two seemingly identical, brand new, iPhones 6s may have a battery life that
differs by up to two hours depending on which of two companies manufactured
their processor, according to reports from owners.

The investigations were sparked by a report from technology news site Anandtech
that Apple is dual-sourcing one of the key components of the new phones. The A9
"system on a chip", the lump of silicon that lies at the heart of the iPhone 6s
and iPhone 6s Plus, is designed by Apple but manufactured by two independent
contractors: Korea's Samsung Electronics and Taiwan's TSMC. The two chips
interact with the rest of the hardware identically, based as they are on the
same designs, but differences in their production is apparently having an effect
on how efficient they are at doing their jobs.

TSMC's implementation of Apple's designs uses a manfacturing process with a
minimum transistor width of 16nm compared to Samsung's 14nm, and results in a
chip that is physically larger by 8.5mm 2. But as well as the physical
difference, the TSMC version of the chip also seems to have markedly better
power consumption, according to user reports shared on sites including Mac
Rumours and Reddit. One user, with two iPhone 6s Pluses with different chips,
reported a difference of two hours in battery life between the phones: the TSMC
chip hit almost eight hours while running a suite of battery-intensive
activities, while the Samsung one managed barely six.

It is tricky to determine which version of the chip is installed in a particular
phone, but some apps such as Lirum Device Info can tell owners. Samsung's chip
shows up as N66AP or N71AP, while TSMC's appears as N66MAP or N71MAP.

This is not the first time Apple has run into trouble dual-sourcing key
components. In 2012, when it launched the Retina MacBook Pro, the company bought
screens from two different suppliers, LG and Samsung. The LG-provided screens
turned out to suffer from significant "burn-in" issues, displaying a ghost of
any image left onscreen for too long. Despite calls for a recall from users, the
company didn't publicly acknowledge the difference in quality, but did
apparently begin replacing the defective laptops if users brought them in to a
store complaining about the quality.

Earlier this year, the Wall Street Journal reported that attempts to dual-source
the new "taptic engine" in the Apple Watch had also led to issues. One of the
two providers of the ground-breaking vibration component, AAC Technologies, was
apparently unable to consistently provide reliable parts, leading Apple to drop
it as a supplier and scrap some completed watches. In the end, the company only
used parts provided by Japan's Nidec, which didn't experience the same problem.

Apple has not responded to a request for comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

iPhone SE review: Apple is more clever than you thought

BYLINE: Debashis Sarkar

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Apple's latest innovation iPhone SE may not be worth queuing up for. Also, it is
exactly not the first iPhone for price conscious consumers in India. But before
you call Apple stupid for pricing the smaller SE more than iPhone 6 and almost
at par with 6S, note that this iPhone may not be targeted at you.

The Cupertino-based tech giant has already acknowledged that smartphones with
big screens are the future. But what happens to those who are unwilling to give
up the comfort of using smaller but powerful phones?

There is hardly any smaller, 'comfortable' and powerful option available, of
late. So, this is Apple's reply.

After using the iPhone SE for some time, here is our review.

Design and display

The iPhone SE is an exact clone of the older 5S. It is difficult to spot the
differences as there's hardly any. However, it is slightly slimmer and lighter.
The comfort of a smaller phone is something only stubborn users of iPhone 4, 4S,
5 and 5S users will reckon. There is still a substantial percentage of such
users in the country and especially globally. Also, there are several iPhone 6
users who wants to go back to the smaller version. For them, the prowess of
latest iPhone 6S in the body of 5S is indeed a special edition. However, this
might put off many first time buyers, especially for the price.

On the display front, again there is no major difference. Everything looks good
in the small screen with a resolution of just 1136 x 640 pixels. 3D Touch is
absent in the iPhone SE. Overall, the display is crisp with good contrast and
viewing angles.

The new Night Shift mode makes a huge difference in darkness. It puts less
strain on the eyes. Night Shift is introduced in the latest iOS 9.3 update, the
feature is not supported on all older 4-inch iPhones. While 5S supports it, 5
and 5C doesn't.

The SE version has a solid build and is sturdier than the newer versions. It is
compact, lightweight and is made exclusively for one-hand usage. It is also
available in Rose Gold colour.

Camera and performance

This segment is a major upgrade for older iPhone users. The iPhone SE has the
camera of the 6S along with Live Photos. The 12MP rear camera is capable of
shooting 4K videos along with slo-mo and time-lapse videos. There is a dual tone
LED Flash at the back and on the front screen flashes to lighten selfies, like
in the 6S.

Under good lighting conditions, the camera shoots good photos, but images shot
under low-light without Flash will leave users desiring for more. While camera
quality is good, it is not at par with the 6S or the older iPhone 6.

The iPhone SE is powered by the latest Apple A9 processor with M9
motion-tracking and PowerVR GT7600 graphics. The device is smooth and here are
no glitches in performance. It might look small but it is not at all 'less
powerful' than the 6S -- all iPhone users will vouch for this at least.

If you are into gaming on small screen, apps like Asphalt 8: Airborne run with
ease. In short, it has the horsepower of the iPhone 6S.

The fingerprint scanner or Touch ID is included in the SE and it is fast. The
phone is backed by a 1,624 mAh battery. The battery life is slightly better due
to a smaller low-resolution screen of the SE. Users can squeeze in one day in a
full charge easily.

Verdict

The iPhone SE is the cheapest phone Apple has launched in recent years globally.
However, Rs 39,000 for 16GB version and Rs 49,000 for 64GB variant are obviously
over-priced. While the smaller iPhone makes perfect sense, the current pricing
is a deterrent. Once, the re-imported iPhone 5S goes out of stock in India and
also with the iPhone 7 launch, the prices of SE is bound to drop. The iPhone SE
prices in India will simply help Apple to boost sales of the other existing
iPhones for now.

The SE is just a matter of choice for people who prefer to use small screen and
Apple doesn't want them to use old hardware to run new apps.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

Comparison: Blackberry Priv with Apple iPhone 6S and Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 159 words


NEW DELHI: Blackberry Priv has been launched in India. It's the first Blackberry
device that has an Android operating system. The smartphone was launched last
year in global markets and is now available in India. Like most other Blackberry
devices, this phone also has a full physical QWERTY keyboard. We compare
Blackberry Priv withandto make your choice simpler.

Display Size

Blackberry Priv: 5.4 inches

Apple iPhone 6S: 4.7 inches

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: 5.1 inches

Storage

Blackberry Priv: 32 GB

Apple iPhone 6S: 16/64/128 GB

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: 32/64/128 GB

RAM

Blackberry Priv: 3 GB RAM

Apple iPhone 6S: 2 GB RAM

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: 3 GB RAM

Camera

Blackberry Priv: 18 MP Rear

Apple iPhone 6S: 12 MP Rear

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: 16 MP Rear

Battery

Blackberry Priv: Non-removable Li-Ion 3410 mAh battery

Apple iPhone 6S: Non-removable Li-Po 1715 mAh

Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge: Non-removable Li-Ion 2600 mAh

Read Also(Full features)

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Is the iPhone 7 a worthy upgrade?

LENGTH: 741  words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Sept. 15 -- The disappearance of the 3.5mm audio socket and the
rework of the home button were already staple mentions on gossip columns and
tech websites much before the launch of the iPhone 7. Steve Jobs would have been
furious with such laxity.


 Yet, there are a few surprising new features in the pair of new iPhones that
Apple unveiled last week. Design is certainly not one of them. The overall look
and shape of the new iPhones have remained the same over the past three
iterations, save the changes to the antenna line in the new ones.
 So, should you go in for the upgrade if you already own an iPhone? And if you
are planning to jump ship from Android, are the upgrades in the iPhone 7 and 7
Plus worth emptying your wallet for upward of [#x20b9]60,000? Or should you wait
for that deal on the 6s?
 Design and display
 The screen on the iPhone 7 is the same Retina HD display as on the 6s - it's
just that it's now 25 per cent brighter and shows a wider gamut of colours.
 The new Home button with Taptic engine feedback could be an interesting
addition, but it is too fringe to become a factor influencing a buy call. A
similar point would be the new dust and water resistance feature, where Apple is
by now only a follower, not a trendsetter. The new Jet Black body finish looks
awesome in pictures, but our guess is that if you are a heavy user, the matt
black might be the one to choose. The super glossy Jet Black finish is
guaranteed to be prone to fingerprints and scratches.
 Upgraded camera
 The iPhone 7 gets a new 12MP camera with an f/1.8 aperture lens and optical
image stabilisation. This is a big jump in performance over the 6s, because the
new lens will allow more light into the sensor (50 per cent more than 6s) and
the optical stabilisation will deliver much better results than the kind of
stabilisation that can be achieved by software. So, low light photography should
produce much better, less grainy results. Flash photos should be better too
thanks to the the quad LEDs. But, it is the iPhone 7 Plus that gets two cameras
positioned side by side and both 12MP each. This arrangement is meant to deliver
greater depth to your photos and to be able to generate that key 'Bokah' effect
for portraits and close-ups. But, one capability that will be unique to the 7
Plus is optical zoom upto 2X.
 The new cameras are great but unless you're quite a phone photography
enthusiast, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus cameras are fantastic in themselves. There
are a lot of apps that can also help add depth and Bokeh in post-processing.
 Processor power
 The iPhone 7's new A10 Fusion chip offers an incremental improvement in
processing power, graphics speeds and battery efficiency. The numbers are only
impressive compared to the iPhone 6 and much less attractive when compared to
the 6s. So, unless you are an Apple loyalist or a performance addict, the 6s'
performance should suffice from the perspective of processing power. That would
be the recommendation even if you are big into gaming on your phone.
 But, the reason the iPhone 7 could be more attractive is the doubling of
memory. With apps taking over our lives, the need for higher capacity has never
been more urgent. And there are no memory cards with Apple devices, so the
larger capacity is most welcome. With the iPhone 7's camera capable of shooting
in RAW format and also taking 4K videos the larger memory will definitely be
useful. Many of today's games take up space and even their updates (like Asphalt
8 Airborne's) are larger than 1GB.
 Sound of music
 The stereo speakers on the iPhone 7 are welcome, not so the elimination of the
3.5mm audio socket. But then, you can't complain since Apple is including the
lightning to 3.5mm adapter in the box. Also, with the lighting socket doubling
up as the audio port and with the possibility of it delivering power for
headphones with active noise cancellation, this could turn out to be a blessing
eventually.
 Down to cash
 True iPhone fans need little persuasion to move to the next version. But it
comes down to whether you want to spend the cash on an iteration of what already
works quite well. If you're using a really old version of the iPhone, and can
spare the money, certainly look at the new iPhone 7's. If not, wait for a good
deal on the iPhone 6s or 6s Plus. As far as software goes, the operating system
is now upgrading for everyone, with the release of iOS 10 and new features will
come in on old devices.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           October 29, 2015 Thursday
                               Bangalore Edition

CO INVESTING IN INDIA FOR LONG TERM, SAYS CEO COOK Sky-high Prices may've
Brought Apple to Earth

BYLINE: Writankar.Mukherjee@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 642 words


Apple has acknowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India
and some other markets due to foreign exchange fluctuations has had an impact on
their sales, but said it's investing for long term in the country.

"We've adjusted some prices around the world for the launch of iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus... Obviously when we increase prices around the world, it's normal to see
some impact on sales rates," Luca Maestri, Apple's senior vice-president and
CFO, said in response to a query about the currency movement and impact on
demand in terms of volume units and revenues in some regions like India, Japan,
and parts of Europe during the Cupertino-based company's fourth quarter earnings
call on Wednesday .

But Maestri also said it's too early to arrive at any conclusion. "...because
the phones have been out there just for four weeks, so it's bit early to tell.
But so far we were encouraged by the response."

ET was the first to report about lower-than-expected demand for the new iPhones
in the country due to high prices with consumers either buying from the grey
market at substantially lower prices or waiting for a price crash or online
discounts earlier this month.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are selling at ' '92,000 depending on . 62,000-.memory
and model, ' . 8,500-9,500 more than the last year's launch price of iPhone 6
and 6 Plus and also . 14,000-16,000 costlier than their ' prices in global
markets like the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Apple's trade partners in India attributed the huge price difference of the new
iPhones between India and many global markets to two factors: depreciation of
the rupee against the dollar whereby Apple had hedged the currency exchange
rate, and higher tax, with imported

smartphones attracting 11.5% more tax than locally assembled ones while this
difference was just 5% last year.

But Apple remains optimistic about its long-term prospects in India. Its chief
executive officer Tim Cook, during Wednesday's earnings call, said the company
was investing for the long term in a few markets like In

dia where factors like currency were "transitional kind of thing".

"I was really impressed last quarter with our progress in Vietnam and Indonesia
and India among others," he said.

Apple said iPhone sales in South Asia, including India, during the
July-September quarter was up by 35%.

Analysts say sales during this quarter in India were driven by aggressive online
discount on iPhone's earlier models.

"In India the demand situation is still not vibrant for the new iPhones," the
chief executive officer of a leading cell phone retail chain said. "In fact,
there is sufficient stock in India compared with markets like the US and China
where demand is still more than supply," said the CEO requesting not to be
named.

Most big mobile and consumer electronics retail chains and even large ecommerce
firms said sales of the new iPhones were at best matching last year, while some
reported 20%-50% lower demand compared with last year's demand for iPhone 6 and
6 Plus.

Incidentally, Apple was targeting a two-to-three fold jump in sales of the new
iPhones leading up to Diwali.

Apple Inc on Wednesday reported 63% growth in revenues from emerging markets at
$79 billion, or about Rs 5,12,500 crore, for the fiscal year ended September
2015. Cook said the company achieved this despite "very strong headwinds" from
foreign exchange rates. Apple also posted largest absolute revenue growth ever,
growing by 28% at $234 billion, or about Rs 15,18,000 crore.

The company had last month announced that it sold more than 13 million units of
iPhones 6s and 6s Plus models in 12 markets including the US and China in just
three days after launch, setting a new record for the company.

The company management during the call on Wednesday also said the new iPhones
were selling more than last year's launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      October 9, 2015 Friday 04:23 PM EST

iPhone 6s now available in 40 more countries

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 270  words


Click for image

The initial phase of Apple's iPhone 6s launch went off without a hitch. Not only
did Apple seemingly conquer the typical type of supply issues that tend to
accompany new releases, but it also set a new sales record in the process.
During the first three days of availability, Apple managed to sell more than 13
million iPhones worldwide, easily eclipsing the previous record by 3 million
units.

Earlier today, Apple began the second phase of its iPhone 6s launch, with the
company's next-gen smartphone arriving in an additional 40 countries.

The full list of new countries set to receive the iPhone 6s treatment include:
Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark,
Estonia, Finland, Greece, Greenland, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man,
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Maldives, Mexico, Monaco,
Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Slovenia,
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Taiwan.

Later this weekend, the iPhone 6s will go on sale in a number of countries in
the Middle East, including Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the
United Arab Emirates. Following that, the iPhone 6s will debut in Israel on
October 15, in India, Kazakhstan, Macedonia, Malaysia, Malta, Montenegro, South
Africa, and Turkey on October 16, and in Belarus, Guam, Moldova, Serbia, South
Korea, and the Ukraine on October 23.

Impressively, this is just the start of what will of course be Apple's widest
and most accelerated iPhone rollout to date. By the time 2015 closes out, Apple
is aiming to bring the 6s to over 130 countries.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday

Apple turns 40 years old with a new phone and tablet;
Company reveals smaller versions of two products.;
GIZMO GUY

BYLINE: ByJonathan Takiff

SECTION: ; Pg. SA4

LENGTH: 619 words


Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off a new iPad Pro at the company's product launch
event March 21 The 9.7-inch model comes with an Apple Pencil stylus and a side
connector for attaching a keyboard case.

The new iPhone SE draws attention at the company's product launch event at Apple
headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., on March 21.

Serving up big things in smaller packages was the major theme at Apple's press
event held recently, as the company ushered in a downsized 4-inch iPhone SE and
a refreshed 9.7-inch iPad Air - called the iPad Pro - with both products copping
licks from their big sisters.

Unlike Samsung, which sells a lot of those big screen "phablet" phones, Apple's
6 series iPhone sales have been significantly stronger in the smaller-screened,
4.7-inch 6S model, rather than the 5.5-inch 6S Plus. Consumer Intelligence
Research Partners data suggests the iPhone 6S made up 48 percent of all U.S.
iPhone sales during Apple's fiscal first quarter this year, while the iPhone 6S
Plus accounted for 19 percent of all iPhone sales.

So if the customer base prefers petite, maybe it will buy into iPhone SE's even
more downsized dimensions and upscale features, including the same advanced A9
processor and 12-megapixel rear camera of the iPhone 6S. SE also boasts
hand-me-downs including a Touch ID fingerprint sensor and NFC (near field
communications) connectivity for use with Apple Pay. However, the new edition's
screen won't do those 6S "3D Touch" tricks if you keep pressing down on it.

Pricing will be a little lower, too, though hardly rock bottom, to encourage
more converts and compete a bit better with the Chinese Android smart-phone
upstarts (Huawei, Xiaomi) now eating Apple's and Samsung's lunch in developing
countries. An SE will start for $399, or about $17 per month as a line item on a
two-year payment plan, the options consumers are now presented from most
providers when they opt for a phone upgrade.

Copping licks from the 12.9-inch iPad Pro model introduced last year, the new
9.7-inch model also comes with an Apple Pencil stylus and side connector for
attaching a keyboard case, making it more like that Microsoft Surface Pro 4
transformable which has been winning renewed support for Windows OS ways.

Also like the big iPad Pro, the newbie hosts four speakers for real stereo sound
when in either horizontal or vertical configuration, offers Siri voice control,
has a faster processor and a larger internal storage capacity - maxing out at
256GB, a first for any iPad - if you're willing to fork over $899 for the
top-tier model. (The 32GB version is $599, the 128GB model is $749. All of which
went into stores March 31.)

The 9.7-inch Pro actually surpasses its close relation with a 12-megapixel rear
camera and 5-megapixel camera for FaceTime calls (up from 8/1.2Mp). The new
model boasts a significantly improved screen that goes brighter ("500 nits") and
has wider color gamut - akin to the newest big screen TVs. Also, the iPad Pro
screen makes automatic adjustments of color temp relative to ambient light
("True Tone Display") and has a "Night Shift" mode that reduces blue wavelengths
to ready you for sleeping (a feature seen in Kindle Fires, too.)

While still lacking Surface Pro 4 niceties like a slot for a microSD memory card
and a USB 3.0 input, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro does let users plug in an extra-cost
SD card reader or USB camera adapter.

On the Apple Watch front the big news was ... more band colors and new woven
bands.

Oh, and product owners can benefit from the latest software update available -
iOS 9.3.

Early on in the hype fest, Apple CEO Tim Cook touted the maker's 40th birthday
and introduced a new "CareKit" program to help individuals manage their health
care.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.
