

FiiO X1 II

AUDIO PLAYER

$189

Good news for audiophiles looking for a budget portable audio player. The
affordable FiiO X1 portable high-resolution audio player just got updated. Using
an upgraded dedicated digital-to-analog converter (DAC), the X1 II has a higher
signal-to-noise ratio than its predecessor and supports full differential line
output.

It comes with Bluetooth 4.0. A single card slot supporting microSD cards of up
to 256GB lets you store as many songs as possible. The X1 II will be available
in rose gold, silver and black.

360fly 4K

ACTION CAMERA

$920

Need to get an action camera for your upcoming vacation? Take a look at the
360fly 4K action camera, which provides a 360-degree horizontal and 240-degree
vertical field of view. But since it has only a single lens, you do not need to
worry about stitching lines found in dual 180-degree cameras.

It is dust-proof, shock-proof and has a water-resistant rating of IP67 - it can
be submerged in water to a depth of 1m for up to 30min. It also boasts a 64GB
internal memory.

LG V20

SMARTPHONE

$998, available on Nov 5

The LG V20 is the one to get if you want to use the latest Android 7.0 Nougat
mobile operating system. It is the first smartphone to come preloaded with
Nougat, as well as Google's new "In Apps" phone search function.

The 5.7-inch smartphone is also the first to feature a 32-bit Hi-Fi Quad DAC. It
features a rear dual-camera system comprising a 16-megapixel 28mm f/1.8
wide-angle camera and an 8-megapixel 10mm f/2.4 ultra-wide angle camera.

Sony a6500

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

Pricing unknown, available in December

Sony has updated its flagship APS-C mirrorless camera with the a6500, Sony's
first such camera to have an in-body five-axis image-stabilisation system to
prevent camera shake. Like the a6300, the 24.2-megapixel a6500 features 425
phase-detection autofocusing (AF) points. It has the world's fastest AF speed of
0.05sec, according to Sony.

Furthermore, when using the electronic viewfinder, the a6500's rear touchscreen
display can be used as a touchpad for control.

Asus ZenWatch 3

SMARTWATCH

$369, available next month

The Asus ZenWatch 3 could be that sleek and affordable Android Wear smartwatch
you are looking for. It has a round stainless steel case with a circular
1.39-inch Amoled screen.

The display has a resolution of 400 x 400 pixels and is protected by 2.5D
Corning Gorilla Glass. Powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon Wear 2100 chip and a
340mAh battery, it is rated to last for two days on each full charge.

Jabra Sport Pulse Special Edition

WIRELESS HEADPHONES

$258

Equipped with a built-in in-ear biometric heart-rate monitor (HRM), the Jabra
Sport Pulse Special Edition is not just another pair of wireless headphones.
With it, you do not need to wear a HRM chest strap during your workouts.

It also claims to be the first headphone set that calculates your VO2 Max level
- a gauge of your aerobic fitness. And it comes with an intelligent in-ear
coaching feature that provides real-time feedback based on your heart-rate and
aerobic fitness level.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

