

Star Rating: 5 stars

Dell's latest ultrabook is squarely aimed at Apple's MacBook Pro with a
better-than-retina high resolution screen and aluminium body - a Windows MacBook
killer.

Since Dell turned private in 2013 it has rekindled its innovative spirit, first
with a super-thin tablet with an edge-to-edge display, now with a laptop that is
thin, light and practically bezel-less.

The new XPS 13 is a "hero product" that shows what the company can do. I can't
remember the last time I really wanted to test a Dell laptop.

Better than retina

The Dell XPS 13 (2015) may look like a traditional aluminium ultrabook, but it
really makes an impact when you open it up.

The screen looks huge, because the bezels are tiny - a 13.3in "infinity" screen
fitted into something the size of an 11in laptop. It is also is very bright and
very sharp, with a resolution of 3200 x 1800 pixels and a pixel density of 276
pixels per inch.

For comparison a MacBook Pro with a 13.3in retina screen has a resolution of
2560 x 1600 and 227ppi, and Google's Chromebook Pixel a 12.9in screen with a
2560 x 1700 resolution and 239 ppi, meaning the Dell has both the Apple and
Google laptops beat on sharpness.

The higher the pixel density the sharper the text, the clearer the details in
images and the better the screen looks - it's the same principle used by
smartphones and tablets.

Specifications as tested

     ·    Screen: 13.3in Quad HD+ infinity screen, 3200 x 1800 (276 pixels per
          inch)
     ·    Processor: 2.4GHz Intel Core i7 i7-5500U processor
     ·    RAM: 8GB
     ·    Storage: 256GB SSD
     ·    Connectivity: Wi-Fi 802.11ac, BT 4.0, USB3.0, mini DisplayPort, SD
          card reader
     ·    Camera: 720p
     ·    Dimensions: 304 x 200 x 15mm
     ·    Weight: 1.26kg



Real power

The XPS 13 is one of the first new laptops using Intel's fifth-generation 14nm
Core chips, code-named Broadwell. They provide a small increase in performance
over current Haswell designs, but should deliver significantly better battery
life.

The fan-cooled Core i7-5500U is fast for an ultrabook - especially one that
measures only 15mm thick - and the extra performance of its HD5500 graphics
processor makes it usable for 1080p gaming. It's quite a step up from the slow
performance of the fanless Core-M chip used in the Lenovo Yoga 3 and Apple's
latest MacBook.

But small sizes require compromises, and the XPS 13 is no exception. The memory
chips are soldered to the motherboard so not upgradable and the battery is
sealed in, as it is with quite a few of its competitors.

The XPS 13 has two USB 3.0 ports, a mini-DisplayPort for video, an SD card slot,
and a 3.5mm headset jack. More connections can be provided via an optional USB
dongle. The webcam is positioned in an odd place - underneath the screen on the
left-hand side - because there's no room for it in the thin bezel around the
screen. The view from the webcam is therefore, less flattering.

Battery lasts about a day

Dell estimates the XPS 13 with the infinity screen will last approximately 11
hours of browsing or eight hours of video playback. With high performance
settings and the screen brightness turned up, I got slightly less than that in
normal use.

With more balanced settings, the XPS13 should get through a normal day's work.
But if you play World of Warcraft on your lunch break, you might not make it.

The power adapter is tiny, however, and the machine charges in about two hours.
Dell also offers a Power Companion battery that will recharge it, but if battery
life is a priority, the lower resolution full HD-screen versions last longer.

'Adaptive brightness' potentially a plague

The infinity screen is excellent - arguably one of the best available on a
laptop - but there's a potential problem.

The screen has an "adaptive brightness" feature that varies the screen
brightness according to content, not just the ambient light. It's a technology
used in high-end smartphones and tablets by Samsung and others, which makes the
display look as good as possible.

However, the colour and brightness changing technology cannot be turned off and
makes it impossible to calibrate the display, which is the first thing a pro
photographer or video editor would want to do with this type of machine.

Some people think it is very important, and many have complained about it
online, but I confess I didn't really notice it in daily use. Dell ought to
provide a way to turn it off, and until it does, it could be a real problem for
people in the creative industries.

Keyboard and trackpad

The chiclet-style keyboard is good, but not great. I found the backlit keys
slightly small, which reflects the fact that the XPS 13's chassis is closer to
an 11.6in than a 13.3in laptop. I would also have preferred a little more
travel, but then, I grew up with mechanical typewriters and clicky keyboards.

The large Microsoft Precision touchpad is much better than those in most Windows
laptops, though still not up to Apple standards. It's also very sensitive, which
takes some getting used to.

Price

The Dell XPS 13 comes in several different models starting at £799 and rising to
£1,249, with faster processors, the quad HD+ screen and more storage.

The version tested costs £1,099 with 256GB of storage, 8GB of RAM and a quad HD+
screen.

Verdict

The Dell XPS 13's Quad HD+ screen, thin bezels, good touchpad, solid keyboard,
aluminium construction and aggressive pricing make it a strong competitor in the
high-end PC market. Not even Apple offers a better-than-retina screen and a Core
i7 in something close to the size of an 11in MacBook Air.

There are other high-end laptops such as the Lenovo ThinkPad Carbon X1, HP
EliteBooks, Asus Zenbooks and similar machines, but if you want a laptop for
Windows or Linux, the XPS 13 is probably the best you can get at the moment.

The elephant in the room? Dude, you're getting a Dell. That won't put off
business buyers, who make up the vast majority of Dell's customers, but it's
probably not going to appeal to the hipsters in Starbucks, who are brand
followers not brand leaders.

Pros: excellent quad HD+ screen, solid build, powerful, good touchpad,
touchscreen  Cons: battery life could be better, adaptive brightness can't be
turned off, memory not upgradable

Other reviews

                     · Surface Pro 3 review: the most lappable tablet yet

· Five best laptops to suit any budget

