

Just when you'd deciphered modern TV technology, sorting full HD from 4K, HDR
from Quantum Dot, and OLED from LCD, another screen arrives to question
everything you thought you knew.

Sony's new flagship television is that screen, and it makes a compelling case to
rethink your next TV.

The Sony Bravia Z9D doesn't just feature a new look and fresh Google software,
but it adds backlighting that could genuinely make you question whether OLED is
the superior TV technology.

There are, however, important factors to consider before investing your cash.
Sony showed off the technology behind its latest television at the Consumer
Electronics Show in January, but the freshly released Z9D is the first TV to
receive it.

Called Backlight Master Drive, this addition controls a TV's illumination to
show deeper blacks and higher contrast.

OLED televisions, renowned for dark and high-contrast images, achieve their look
by turning off individual pixels.

Sony's Backlight Master Drive works similarly by adding more light-emitting
diodes (LEDs) behind its LCD screen, ensuring they deliver more focused beams of
light and, crucially, that they can be controlled individually.

What does this mean when you're looking at the screen?

Dark scenes on this TV are much darker than previous models because the light
behind them has simply turned off.

There's also a bigger difference between colours on this screen, and brighter
lighting than you'd see on an OLED TV, making images appear more striking.

Sure, Matt Damon might be trapped on Mars but, on this TV, he has a beautiful
view.

Sony also uses a new processor, the X1 Extreme, to make the most of this
technology when screening 4K HDR content, and it promises a 40 per cent boost to
real-time image processing.

While we were unable to test its upscaling abilities with free-to-air TV, this
screen certainly keeps image artefacts and judder to an imperceptible minimum.

In addition to its screen enhancements, this TV features Android Marshmallow
software, delivers remote control shortcuts to Netflix and Google Play, and its
voice recognition is surprisingly accurate.

Its design has also been refined, with gold anodised aluminium around its edge,
a compact but stylish stand that uses little space, four HDMI ports, and the
ability to install a USB stick for use as internal storage.

Sony's TV is not a clear-cut winner in the TV race, though.

Its new backlighting technology does not have the same fine control over
lighting that OLED offers, and it stops just short of delivering the 12-bit
colour of Dolby Vision, instead using 10-bit HDR10 technology.

This TV's remote control also only uses Bluetooth for voice commands, otherwise
requiring a precise aim, and its Android software doesn't make use of the entire
web.

Sony's Z9D does deliver a superb picture, and an easy smart TV experience,
however, plus it asks serious questions about the future of TV technology.

$6999/ sony.com.au

