

After CES, it's the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona or MWC that serves as a
global launch platform for all the big names from the consumer electronics
space. ET brings you a round-up of several new launches at MWC, most of which
are expected to reach our shores by mid 2014:

Androids with a Twist: Nokia's X Series

Nokia still enjoys a fair amount of brand recall, especially in emerging
markets. It's no wonder then that they announced a new range of entry-level
smartphones powered by Android. That being said, these are not your usual
low-cost Android phone - instead of the Play Store and the usual Google
services, they come with Microsoft services like Outlook mail, Here Maps and
OneDrive instead. The X and X+ have 4-inch screens while the XL has a 5-inch
screen. They all offer 3G with dual SIM support and are powered by dual core
processors. Expect sub Rs 10,000 prices for the X when it launches in April.

Samsung's MWC Blitz: Galaxy S5 & Three Smartwatches

As expected, Samsung took the wraps off its latest Galaxy S5 smartphone. Rather
than an all-new phone, the S5 features several improvements compared to the S4
including a better 16MP camera with faster autofocus, fingerprint scanner and
heart rate sensor (a first), all powered by a 2.5Ghz quad core Snapdragon
processor. Three new smartwatches also made their debut: Gear 2, Gear 2 Neo and
Gear Fit. The Gear 2 range now features interchangeable straps and is powered by
the company's own Tizen OS. The Fit features a curved OLED screen and is focused
towards fitness. The Galaxy S5 will be making its way over here in April for an
estimated Rs 49,990.

Vast Improvements: Xperia Z2 & Z2 Tablet

Rather than introduce completely new devices, Sony decided to drill down and
improve their flagship devices in every way possible. Both remain water proof as
before and feature similar designs. The Z2 smartphone offers ultra HD (4k) video
recording even though it uses the same 20.7 megapixel camera as its predecessor.
The screen is slightly larger (5.2-inch instead of 5) and it offers better
contrast and colours. It will be offered in multiple colours including black,
white and purple. The Z2 tablet is even thinner & lighter than before, features
the same size 10.1-inch screen but improved internals -- 2.3Ghz quad core with
3GB RAM. Storage is 16GB, but it can be expanded via micro SD. Like before, the
Z2 tablet will be available in WiFi and WiFi + 3G/LTE versions.

Tablet on a Diet: MediaPad X1

Huawei has really gone to work, redefining what a 7-inch Android should be like.
Billed as the thinnest, lightest and narrowest 7-inch Android tablet around, the
MediaPad X1 is just 7.18mm thick, has a bezel size of only 2.99mm and weighs 239
grams. The device is narrow enough to be comfortably held in one hand by most
users. Despite the diminutive size, Huawei has packed in a large 5,000mAh
battery, a 1920 x 1200 pixel 7inch IPS LCD, dual cameras (13MP rear with LED
flash + 5MP front) and 16GB (expandable) storage, all powered by a 1.6Ghz quad
core processor and 2GB RAM. Huawei expects users to keep it as a primary device,
so it also includes the ability to make phone calls. In an interesting twist,
you can use the X1 to charge another device, thanks to the large internal
battery. It should be priced between Rs 25,000 to 30,000.



An Affordable Trio: Lenovo S660, S850 & S860

Lenovo may be a top PC company but it's taking Android smartphones very
seriously too. The company announced three new smartphones, starting with the
S660 (4.7-inch, 1.3Ghz quad core, 1GB RAM, 8GB storage, 8MP/0.3MP cameras), S850
(5-inch 720p LCD, 1.3Ghz quad core, 1GB RAM, 16GB storage, 13MP/5MP cameras )
and the flagship of the range, S860 ( 5.3-inch 720p LCD, 1.3Ghz quad core, 2GB
RAM, 16GB storage, 8MP/1.5MP cameras and 4,000mAh battery). Lenovo also
announced the Yoga Tablet 10 HD+, a 10.1-inch multi-mode Android tablet with
1080p display, 1.6Ghz quad core processor, 2GB RAM, 16/32GB storage and 9,000mAh
battery.

Mid-range Monsters: HTC Desire 816 & 610

Not to be left behind, HTC announced the new Desire 816 and 610 at MWC. While
the Desire is mid-range, the 816 will be at the top of that range with a
5.5-inch display, 1.6Ghz quad core processor, 1.5GB RAM, 8GB storage
(expandable, with 128GB card support), front stereo speakers (BoomSound) and a
nonremovable 2,600mAh battery. It also has a 13 MP f2.2 rear camera & 5MP front
camera, all in a device just 7.99mm thick. The Desire 610 has a smaller 4.7-inch
qHD display and is powered by a 1.2Ghz quad core processor, 1GB RAM and 8GB
internal memory (expandable to 64GB).

Larger & Smarter: LG's G Pro 2

Expected to launch in March this year, LG's new flagship G Pro 2 is like a
larger version of the G2. It has the same back-mounted buttons and a new 'metal
mesh' back panel which provides better grip and is resistant to fingerprints and
smudges. The screen is a 5.9-inch 1080p unit while hardware includes the capable
Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad core processor, 3GB RAM and improved camera. LG
says that the G Pro 2 offers 20 per cent more effective optical image
stabilisation and 30 per cent louder sound compared to the G2. Sadly though, it
does not inherit the self healing properties of the LG G Flex. A new software
enhancement is the Knock Code security feature -- rather than just double tap to
wake the device up, you can have a secret knock pattern that wakes up and
unlocks the device in one go.

Design Déjà vu: HP Pavilion x360

Taking inspiration from the Lenovo Yoga range of tablets, HP's new Pavilion x360
is a touchscreen Windows convertible laptop with a hinge that can rotate 360
degrees. As you can imagine, this lets you use it as a laptop, tablet, stand or
a 'tent'. In tablet mode, the keyboard gets disabled to prevent accidental
input. It has an 11-inch 1366 x 768 pixel screen, Intel processor, 500GB hard
drive, three USB ports, HDMI out and has a starting price of just Rs 25,000
(estimated prices at time of launch).

More the Merrier: SanDisk's 128GB microSD

With everything going HD and beyond (Ultra High Def), people are running out of
storage space on their devices faster than ever. 64GB was the largest capacity
micro SD card available till date -- SanDisk decided that users needed more and
comfortably doubled that to 128GB -- all in a chip smaller than your fingernail.
Most of the new devices coming out this year (such as the new Samsung Galaxy S5)
already include support for this 128GB card. Note that this is also a class 10
card, able to read/write twice as fast as ordinary micro SD cards. It should be
priced between Rs 10,000 to 12,000.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

