

Less than 5cm thick, this TV can go up anywhere. In his monthly report on the
high-tech world, Phil Wakefield takes a good long look at Sony's X9000C.

--------------------

SONY'S NEWEST TV will turn heads even before you turn it on.

Calling the X9000C, which goes on sale this week from $4500, "super slim" isn't
mere marketing hype.

This ultra-high definition display is ultra-svelte, with a screen that's only
4.9 millimetres thick, making it the slimmest 4K LED TV in the world.

Most smartphones aren't as thin as the X9000C, which comes in 55- and 65-inch
sizes and can be wall-mounted virtually gap-free.

Rather than bulging out, like most big-screen TVs on a bracket, there's only a
four- centimetre gap between the X9000C and the wall.

The sumptuous minimalism is maximised by a frameless design that makes the TV
look like a sheet of glass from the front while the ventilation vents, terminals
and cable management system have been discreetly packed into the bottom half of
the rear of the panel (Sony hasn't compromised on the number of connections,
either, with four HDMI and three USB inputs, including one for recording to a
hard drive).

Ironically, the X9000C is even more eye-catching when mounted on a display
cabinet, where its fabulous physique can be appreciated from every angle.

Moreover, the TV's shallowness belies the sophistication of the technology that
makes it an otherwise hefty entertainment hub for the home.

Sony's opted to raise the IQ of its smart TVs this year by overhauling the user
menus to improve their appearance and functionality, upgrading the built- in
calibration tools, and, most dramatically of all, adopting Android as its
operating system.

So in addition to built-in apps like Netflix and Quickflix, you can use your
Google account to access hundreds of other apps as well as games, music, videos,
movies and your own cloud content.

The X9000C also comes with a dedicated Netflix key on one of two remote controls
(the other is a touchpad), voice search functionality and, with the addition of
a wireless keyboard, can double as a living room computer with a deluxe, eight
million-plus pixel display.

There's also Google Cast, which Sony likens to having Chromecast built into the
TV because you can throw whatever's on your Android or iOS device (or Mac or PC)
on to a much bigger screen.

So while the likes of Lightbox or the networks' catch-up services aren't built
in as apps, they can be viewed almost as easily using a Chromebook, laptop or
tablet (or FreeviewPlus).

There's no doubt the X9000C is a multi-purpose, multi-user powerhouse. But
what's it like as a TV?

All but the most nitpicking of picture purists will be delighted with it.

Sony has equipped the X9000C with the same technologies as its other high end
TVs, chiefly a new "X1" processor for maximising colour accuracy and "X-Reality
PRO" processing to optimise the resolution of any source.

There's also the potential of its "TRILUMINOS" capability, which is designed to
exhibit a wider, richer range of colours when movies start to be released in a
4K format that can capitalise on it.

(Expect this to happen when the first 4K Blu-rays come out later this year or
early next).

But even without this feature the X9000C astounds with its colours, clarity and
motion.

Don't buy it to watch standard definition sources - as impressively as it
upscales sub- 720p fare, it shines with high definition.

Indeed, in a world where 4K content is limited to a handful of programmes on
Netflix and clips on YouTube, you might wonder why pay extra for an UHD TV.

But the processing prowess of these TVs does improve HD broadcasts and Blu-ray
movies, lending more depth and smoothness to the image, while the extra pixels
make having bigger TVs in small rooms feasible because they permit much closer
viewing distances.

Where the X9000C doesn't match similarly specified rivals is in its relatively
weak contrast, with black levels almost as shallow as its frame.

Dimly lit footage suffers because of this, although generally it doesn't intrude
on daytime or evening viewing in a brightly lit room. But if you like to watch
Fear the Walking Dead with the lights off, the image will look washed out and
less detailed.

It's also noticeable when viewing letterboxed movies: the top and bottom bars
tend more towards dark grey than pitch black.

This is largely a consequence of the TV's unprecedented thinness, which limits
the screen to being lit around the edges rather than from behind.

Having said that, there's scant sign of the bleeding, cloudiness or vertical
banding that can dog other edge-lit (and even back-lit) LED TVs and in normal
viewing conditions picture quality is as sublime as the X9000C's design.

Audio was also surprisingly robust, with the invisible Long Duct Speakers
lacking only bass - although this could be rectified within the addition of
Sony's optional wireless subwoofer.

But for casual viewing, the TV speakers are fine, with dialogue easy to hear and
the audio customisable for wall- or table-mounting.

If you want better audio without going to the trouble or expense of getting a
surround system with separate components and speakers, team the X9000C with
Sony's stylish new lightweight soundbar, the HT-NT3 ($1300).

It's not cheap but the 400-watt, 2.1 channel soundbar comes with a wireless
subwoofer, supports high- resolution audio, decodes Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD
soundtracks, and has three HDMI inputs and one HDMI out with an Audio Return
Channel for connecting to a TV.

As well as doubling as an HDMI switching hub, replacing the need for a receiver,
it has Bluetooth and Google Cast for casting music apps from smartphones and
tablets.

It can be set up with Sony's SongPal Link app, pull music from the cloud using
Spotify Connect or Google Cast, upscale compressed rips or iTunes, and stream
songs to wireless Sony speakers in other rooms.

While Sony stresses the hi-fi strengths of its new soundbar, the HT-NT3 sounds
best with movies, delivering muscular bass and depth, solid mid-range and
refreshingly clear vocals that can be enhanced with a range of voice modes for
those who find the dialogue in modern movies often overwhelmed by sound effects.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Designed to look good without scrimping on features, the X9000C 4K TV can be
paired with the HT-NT3 soundbar, left, to ramp up the movie experience.

