

Touchscreen phones are fun. They free up lots of the phone's surface and
encourage activities like internet browsing and photo editing. It is not just
the iPhone that has a touchscreen, either: every manufacturer makes them now.
This does not mean that these devices are all great. Using a touchscreen phone
is far from a perfect experience.

Some models are clumsy and error prone, while others do not have fully
thought-out operating systems. (Texting is sometimes a casualty: because the
screen is flat and you cannot 'feel' the keys, tapping letters in takes longer
than on a normal phone.)

But as adoption of the format increases, manufacturers are starting to iron out
problems present in early models: Samsung's latest Pix on is a good example of
this evolution.

So which touchscreen phones are the best? On the evidence of the models reviewed
by The Sunday Business Post, it is a choice between Samsung's Pix on, Apple's
iPhone and Nokia's 5800. They are among five phones reviewed today.

Samsung Pixon M8800

Although the Pixon's headline feature is its eight-mega pixel camera, it is also
a fully-working touchscreen device with advanced features, attractively designed
in a slim black mini-tablet.

Overall, the Pixon has more positives than it has negatives. Using its
three-inch screen is pleasant: the screen system is very fast to react and
responds to finger taps with an (adjustable) vibration. This makes texting and
navigating the phone quite easy.

In general, Samsung has hit a good balance between iPhone style intuition and
Nokia-style menus.

However, the phone's crowning triumph is its camera. Samsung has thrown
everything into this camera and it shows. It is not just the clarity and detail
of the shots that the camera's eight megapixels give you, it is the set-up time,
which is under two seconds. When you take a shot, there's no tortuous
five-second delay until the camera is ready to shoot again; it's ready to go in
about a second. For this feature alone, the Pixon is worth considering. Its
video recording is also good quality.

As for its other features, the Pixon comes fully loaded. It has HSDPA mobile
broadband, GPS (using Google Maps), wi-fi and a radio. It has a 'widget bar' on
the side of the screen, which is fun to use. There are lots of widget
applications (weather, Google search, newspaper headlines) and it's a more
pleasant way to find an application than clicking into menus and sub-menus. So
much for the Pixons's strengths. What about its weaknesses?

Chief among these is the poor display of the screen in daylight. Even without
direct sunlight, the screen appears washed out and faded in daylight. This
sometimes makes it hard to make details out, and limits the benefit of having a
great camera.

The phone also does not have a 3.5mm headphone socket. For music fans, this is
unforgiveable: how can a multimedia phone in 2009 have a proprietary, fiddly
earphone connection?

The battery, too, is the weakest of any touchscreen tested for today's review.
The Pixon struggles to make it through a full day's use.

The device also sometimes activates itself inadvertently because of the position
of the 'screen unlock' button. This button is on the side of the phone: it is
impossible not to touch it when removing the phone from a pocket. This leads to
applications being opened, pictures being taken and other mishaps.

Finally, some multimedia websites do not prioritise Samsung for use with their
services. Multimedia users of websites such as Qik or Google Latitude will find
that these applications cannot be used on the Pixon. I also encountered
unexplained problems accessing Microsoft Outlook remotely, which did not occur
on other touchscreen models.

Overall, the Pixon is a very good phone with a ground-breaking camera and a very
usable touchscreen system. Rating: ****

Price:  280 on O2 billpay, available soon on Vodafone and Meteor.  430
(excluding delivery charge) sim-free price on Expansys. ie.

Nokia 5800 Xpress Music

The 5800 Xpress Music is Nokia's first proper touchscreen phone. It's a decent
attempt that largely holds its own against more established touchscreen rivals.

The operation of the touchscreen is fairly satisfactory, although more force is
required to activate a key than is required on the iPhone or other touchscreen
devices. A small vibration accompanies a successful button-pressing action.

Tapping out text messages involves a similar procedure to operating an ordinary
Nokia mobile, the only difference being that the keypad is on the screen. The
phone also has a touchscreen Qwerty keypad if you switch the view to horizontal.

The 5800's 3.2-inch screen is bright and reactive. Viewing it during daylight is
not a problem, except in bright sunshine.

The 5800 does not have an accelerometer, which switches the screen view from
vertical to horizontal if you tip the phone onto its side. Some people may
actually welcome this, as other phones sometimes jump too easily from vertical
to horizontal modes (especially Blackberry's Storm).

Despite being a touchscreen model, the 5800's main marketing attraction is still
music. In this aspiration, it ticks most boxes. The sound quality is excellent
and it supports wireless stereo Bluetooth as well as having an ordinary 3.5mm
headphone jack. It also has stereo speakers on it which, although obviously
inferior to proper speakers, can be reasonably compared to a small radio.

Getting music onto the 5800 is organised through a PC that uses Windows Media
Player. The phone doesn't have a lot of in-built memory (80MB), but does have an
8GB Micro SD memory card with it.

The 5800 has a decent, if not amazing, three-megapixel camera. It also comes
with wi-fi and a radio. It supports 3G HSDPA, which means fast web-browsing. One
of the 5800's inherent advantages over its touchscreen rivals is that it is
fully operational without needing to be completely intuitive. This is because
half the country already uses a Nokia phone.

So, the operation and location of the menus, features and functions are already
quite familiar. This is a different situation to, say, the Blackberry Storm,
where some acclimatisation to a new operating system will be necessary for most
Irish people.

The 5800 is not quite as swanky or swish as its rivals, but its practicality and
familiarity make up for its technical cutting edge.

Rating: **** Price:  415 sim-free from Expansys.ie

BlackBerry Storm

To most people, BlackBerrys are synonymous with e-mail gadgets. But just like
any other manufacturer, Rim (BlackBerry's manufacturer) wants to keep up with
these social networking, web-centric times. Its first touchscreen device is, by
and large, a good effort. Its screen has best-in-class clarity, is far more
powerful than other BlackBerry devices and can browse the web fairly easily.

Its email delivery system is largely unchanged. So in what it sets out to do, it
largely succeeds. But there are definitely a few issues with the way the Storm's
operating system handles things. Using the touchscreen sometimes leaves a little
to be desired.

First, though, the positives. Using a system called 'SurePress', the Storm's
screen 'floats' a little above the phone's surface. Instead of reacting to a
slight touch, you must press down on the screen for it to click. To scroll
through documents, a light swipe of the finger will do.

Using the phone to enter text is pretty easy, especially in horizontal mode (the
phone has an accelerometer, which switches the view from horizontal to vertical)
as a Qwerty keypad presents itself. In vertical mode, the shared key system used
on the BlackBerry Pearl is employed, so you'll need to be familiar with this to
use it quickly.

The Storm can do a number of things that aren't available on consumer
smartphones. Cutting and pasting is one example, using two fingers (at the start
and the end of the text).

The phone's battery life is good, with a single charge easily lasting a full day
of calls and web browsing. This is impressive for a phone with a 3.5-inch
screen. The Storm also has a reasonable 3.2megapixel camera.

But now for the negatives. Using the screen takes a little getting used to. In
particular, web pages seem to zoom in inexplicably at times when the screen is
touched.

Browsing the web, in general, is a mixed experience. The browser is okay, but is
a little slower and more awkward to use than any of its smartphone rivals
(iPhone's Safari, Nokia's Opera or Microsoft's Explorer).

The Storm also lacks wi-fi, so even if you're at home or in the office where you
have a broadband system up and running, you'll need to use up data on Vodafone's
network. But the 3G speed is pretty fast (about 2Mbs to 3Mbs in peak urban
areas).

The Storm's GPS feature is hit and miss, too. We struggled to get BlackBerry
Maps, its GPS application, to work properly.

It's unfortunate, too, that it's only available on one operator (Vodafone).

These are largely irritations rather than deal-breakers. In general, this is a
pretty satisfying evolution from Rim.

Rating: *** Price: From  50 on contract from Vodafone, plus monthly tariffs that
start at  50.

Sony Xperia X1

Sony Ericsson's only touchscreen phone is actually a hybrid model. It has a
slide down keyboard to match its touchscreen.

This is a phone that you will want to play with the moment you see it. It is
supremely elegant, with none of the plasticky effects of other models. It is all
so, so satisfying. Until, alas, you switch it on and start to play around with
it. It soon becomes apparent that this is a business only phone. The Windows
Mobile logo is the giveaway.

Windows Mobile is a system which is made for styluses rather than fingers. The
symbols are far, far too small to use with any human digits. This goes against
the grain of the current evolution of smart phones, which are being designed for
fingers.

It soon becomes clear that the X1's miniaturisation makes it hard to use
sometimes. The default settings for its on-screen text, fonts, icons and even
external buttons seem designed for a person with teeny fingers and hawkish
eyesight.

I know that this is a common complaint for those with large hands and failing
sight, neither of which I suffer from.

This design feature does not create problems with some of the manufacturer's
other models, such as the W890, but on a productivity tool such as the X1, it
becomes a real hurdle. Admittedly, you can reset the font sizes and also zoom in
on web pages.

But changing an external setting, such as the volume, sometimes resizes the
settings back. This miniaturisation makes inputting web addresses quite tricky,
among other things.

On the positive side, it has an attractive touchscreen 'panels' function. I had
little problem with the X1's battery life, which easily lasted a full day's
multimedia and voice usage. The call quality was also very good, even if its
maximum ringing and text tones were not loud enough to avoid several missed
calls and texts.

The X1 has a number of fairly advanced features. Its 3.2-megapixel camera is not
one of them, but it works fine. It also has a GPS sensor using Google Maps.
Rating: **

Price:  660 sim-free on Expansys.ie; not yet ranged by Irish operators

iPhone 3G

This was the phone that kicked off the world's interest in finger friendly
touchscreens. Two years on, demand for the iPhone shows no sign of abating. It's
not hard to see why. Despite the myriad of competitors, Apple's gadget retains
the simplest, best touchscreen system on the market. It is also a first-class
MP3 player, as it is an iPod as well as a phone. It is the best of the batch for
browsing the web, with its Safari browser and its advanced finger navigation
controls.

The iPhone is also the easiest phone to add features to, thanks to Apple's App
Store, a website where thousands of applications (games, lifestyle and business)
can be downloaded directly onto the phone. The latest version of the iPhone 3G
offers a whopping 16GB of memory, far more than any other touchscreen phone
(about 3,000 songs). All of these features represent the iPhone's strengths.

It does, however, have weaknesses. While its web browser is excellent, its
internet connection speed is not. It has a competent 3G speed, but well under
the advanced HSDPA speeds that most of its rivals now boast. (You can also
connect the iPhone over wi-fi, but this usually involves hefty charges.) Its
camera is a very underwhelming two megapixels.

For some bizarre reason, it cannot record video, a standard feature of modern
phones. Smaller things also irritate. The iPhone still does not offer some basic
SMS services, such as the ability to forward a text.

It is a pity, too, that you need to connect to a computer to download songs from
the iTunes web store (unless you find a hotspot to use, which costs anything up
to  10 per hour).

Most irritating of all is that you cannot remove the battery: if it starts to
die, you must send the entire phone off for a 'repair'.

Finally, the iPhone is tied to just one network, O2. While unlocking (or 'jail
breaking') the gadget is possible, doing so runs the risk of killing the device
once Apple's software updates are released and incorporated. For all of these
drawbacks, the iPhone remains the standard to beat for its touchscreen rivals.
Rating: **** Price: From  50 on O2 billpay

