

Next (HTC Touch Diamond) > No market has been hotter than the smart phone
market. Pacesetters Research in Motion and Microsoft are battling to stay on
top, PDA stalwarts Palm and HP are fighting to recapture market share, and two
new powerhouses have jumped into the fray - Apple and Google.Not only has the
vendor landscape changed, the products themselves have evolved. No longer can
(or should) a device be considered as a "business device only" or a "consumer
device only" - those lines have blurred. Today's smart phones pack as many
consumer features (digital cameras, multimedia players, games) as business
features (e-mail access, Office document viewing, VPN access). It's a
recognition that today's mobile worker is a 24/7 employee - needing access to
personal data during the day and business data at night.A recent survey
conducted by Artificial Life confirms this. Its survey of 200 cell phone users
showed that 46% are using their devices for entertainment purposes.

In addition, 87.5% of those who own a smart phone have accessed entertainment
content, including music, games and videos. One-third of those surveyed prefer
to use their cell phone for entertainment over any other purpose, including
e-mail, GPS or Internet browsing.With these trends in mind, choosing a device
for employees can be a daunting task. Company policy regarding security and
compliance is a major concern, as well as the ability to manage and configure
these devices remotely and centrally. Controlling costs for services (can/should
employees be allowed to download entertainment apps to the device?) is another
factor to consider. While these requirements may narrow your list, things like
whether a device has a removable battery may save your help desk support costs
when that mobile worker calls with a dead phone.Here are reviews of six of the
latest smart phones available for "business" users. (Watch a slideshow of these
products as well.)~~

< Previous (Introduction) | Next (Palm Treo 800w) > The skinny: At first glance,
the HTC Touch Diamond is a very nice looking phone, and seems to emulate all of
the cool features of the iPhone, including a touch-screen interface, slick music
player, digital camera, GPS and a circular button at the bottom of the phone.
But a deeper look reveals some fatal flaws - the core Windows Mobile operating
system seems to be getting in the way, and hinders a lot of the nicer features.
For example, the Touch FLO technology lets you access programs and some menu
items with your fingers, but for other options (like accessing menus and getting
back to the home screen), you have to either press a button at the bottom of the
phone, or hope that your big finger hits the right tiny button on the screen. I
kept forgetting that the four buttons on the bottom of the device (the Home
button, Back button, and Phone on and off button) had to be pressed - because
there's no physical button (the interface is flush), I kept thinking they were
touch-enabled like on the LG Chocolate series. Only after a few presses did I
remember that I had to push down on the icon to activate it. And like most
Windows Mobile phones, this device comes with a stylus, so half the time I was
trying to figure out whether I should use my finger or the stylus to get to the
program or menu option that I wanted.Because the device runs on Windows Mobile,
you get the Microsoft-endorsed applications that will let you do things such as
access Exchange e-mail, Office documents and Windows Live search, but you're
also stuck with the Mobile Internet Explorer browser. In addition, you have to
use ActiveSync in order to move music over to the device, and that requires
Windows Media Player 10 on your desktop machine.In the end, the Touch Diamond is
stuck between two worlds. It wants to be a hip, iPhone like device, but it's
stuck with a "serious" operating system that limits its ability to be cool and
new. Serious hardware flaws and interface designs only make this device even
more frustrating to operate.RELATED STORIES* HTC Touch Diamond: A well-designed
Windows Mobile smart phone* HTC's iPhone 3G rival, the Touch Diamond* Latest
news on the HTC Diamond Touch TECH SPECS:Operating system: Windows Mobile
6.1Cellular network: EV-DOWi-Fi: YesDisplay: 2.8-inch touch screenNavigation:
TouchFLO 3D technology offers one-touch finger control to access programs.
Buttons on the bottom of the phone allow you to navigate through menu options
and to access the home page or make phone calls.E-mail: Outlook e-mail with
Microsoft Direct Push technology, as well as access to POP3 and IMAP e-mail,
including AOL, Gmail, EarthLink and Yahoo.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks:
Synchronized through ActiveSync.Office document support: Yes, through Office
Mobile.Web browser: Mobile Internet ExplorerUse device as PC modem: No.GPS: Yes,
with Sprint Navigation application. Live search via GPS also supported.Storage
card: No, files stored on internal 4GB hard drive.Camera: 3.2 megapixel digital
camera.Multimedia: Sprint Music application plays over-the-air downloads from
Sprint Music Store; other applications can be sideloaded (via USB connection)
through ActiveSync and Windows Media Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (HTC Touch Diamond) | Next (Nokia E71) > The skinny: The successor to
the Treo 700wx model, the Treo 800w keeps the same "Palm device, but Windows OS"
model. Sprint's speedy EV-DO Rev. A network provides better downloads of e-mail
and Web access when mobile workers are out and about, and the built-in Wi-Fi
access comes in handy when in range of a Wi-Fi network.Â Enterprises should
appreciate the Exchange support and Office document integration, as well as the
support for Microsoft's System Center Mobile Device Manager 2008, which will
give IT a chance to manage a multitude of devices. VPN support and the ability
to remotely wipe a device's memory if lost or stolen should also be appealing to
enterprises. Because the 800w uses Windows Mobile 6.1, applications based on
Microsoft's .Net Compact Framework 2.0 and SQL Server 2005 will run on the
device.RELATED STORIES* The Palm Treo 800w and SQL Server: Another pleasant
surprise* Palm unwraps the unlocked 3G Treo Pro smart phone* Palm, Sprint launch
"business friendly" Treo 800w* Latest Palm Treo news TECH SPECS:Operating
System: Windows Mobile 6.1 Professional.Cellular network: EV-DO Rev. A.Wi-Fi:
Yes (802.11b/g)Display: 320 by 320 transflective touch-screen.Navigation:
Five-way navigation for menus, stylus provided and QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Outlook
access, Direct Push through Exchange (requires Exchange Server 2003 with SP2 or
Exchange Server 2007). Internet e-mail supported, including Gmail, MSN and
Yahoo.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Microsoft Office Outlook Mobile.Office
document support: Word, Excel, PowerPoint mobile versions, and PDF viewing.Web
browser: Mobile Internet ExplorerUse device as PC modem: Yes (appropriate
service plan required).GPS: Yes. SprintNavigation service bundled on device;
GPS-powered local search, maps and navigation available from Today
screen.Storage card: MicroSD and microSDHC supported (up to 8GB).Camera: 2.0
megapixel with 2x digital zoom and video capture.Multimedia: Windows Media
Player Mobile, Sprint TV.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (Palm Treo 800w) | Next (HP iPAQ 910c) > The skinny: The best
representation of the idea that mobile devices are designed for business usage
and personal usage is the dual home screen feature on the Nokia E71. By pushing
the "switch mode" button on the screen, E71 can switch between their business
e-mail and personal e-mail, for example, as well as other options such as music
player, Web browser and digital camera.Security features include support for
Secure Sockets Layer, IPSec VPNs, and Pointsec file encryption on the device.
The E71 includes a Symantec firewall and antivirus software, and also has a
remote lock and memory card password to add additional security.

IT managers can use Nokia's configuration tool and Intellisync Device Management
to configure, manage and update devices.

Enterprises comfortable with Symbian operating system devices can utilize the
operating system to create access field service management, sales force
automation and GPS applications.I do have a few concerns with the device and
with Nokia's support of corporate applications. First, the device is currently
unlocked, and some enterprises might want better carrier support.

You can still use the device on AT&T's network, for example, but won't be able
to buy the device subsidized from the carrier (some may argue that this is
better, anyway, and keeps you away from new two-year agreements). Second, the
company recently announced it was stopping its development of the Intellisync
mobile e-mail platform in favor of platforms from Cisco, Microsoft and IBM. The
company announced reallocating resources to a consumer e-mail push service (the
Nokia Email Service), which would be able to aggregate messages from Gmail,
Yahoo and ISP accounts directly into the phone.RELATED STORIES* Tested: Nokia
E71 3G smartphone* New Nokia phones targeted at enterprises* Latest Nokia E71
news TECH SPECS:Operating System: Symbian OS 9.2, S60 3.1 Edition
(E-Series).Cellular network: HSDPA, Wideband CDMA 850/1900 MHz, and quad-band
EGSM (850/900/1800/1900 MHz).Wi-Fi: Yes (802.11b/g)Display: 2.36-inchh display,
320 x 240 pixel resolution (QVGA), with two customizable home screens. No
touch-screen.Navigation: Five-way navigation and option select buttons, no
stylus, QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Supports IMAP, POP, SMTP e-mail. Corporate e-mail
supported through Mail for Exchange application.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Yes,
through Mail for Exchange software.Office document support: Symbian OS supports
viewing and editing of documents, spreadsheets and presentations. PDF documents
can be viewed.Web browser: Nokia browser supports HTML, WAP 2.0 and
JavaScript.Use device as PC modem: Yes, through Nokia PC Internet Access
application.GPS: Yes, through Nokia Maps application.Storage card: MicroSD card
support, up to 8GB of capacity.Camera: 3.2 megapixel digital camera with video
mode.Multimedia: Nokia-based music player, video player support includes Flash
video files (among others). Music can be synchronized through Windows Media
Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (Nokia E71) | Next (Palm Treo Pro) > The skinny: It's been a while
since the iPAQ brand name has been in the minds of smart phone users, but with
the HP iPAQ 910c Business Messenger, HP is hoping it will come back to the
forefront for business users. The device, backed by the support of the Windows
Mobile 6.1 operating system, is clearly in the "enterprise device" category, but
still has personal features such as a 3 megapixel digital camera and Windows
Media Player for music and videos.The device is slightly bigger than today's
smart phones, but that leaves room for the slightly larger screen and QWERTY
keypad - typing on the screen wasn't as harrowing as on some smaller devices.
The integrated GPS and associated Google Maps application added very nice
mapping features to the device. Like other devices in the Windows Mobile camp,
it integrates well with existing Windows applications, and users should be very
familiar with the look and feel of this device if they've used any Windows
Mobile (or even the old-school Pocket PC) devices before.Like some of the other
unlocked devices, lack of specific carrier support concerns me (the unlocked
phone drives up the price of the device, but then you're also not locked into a
two-year agreement). Overall this is a pretty solid device - nothing to get
super-excited about, but nothing that's a big deal-breaker either.Â RELATED
STORIES* Palm Treo Pro, HP iPaq 910c Business Messenger TECH SPECS:Operating
system: Windows Mobile 6.1 ProfessionalCellular network: HSDPA, drops down to
GSM/GPRS/EDGE when out of HSDPA coverage area.Wi-Fi: Yes (802.11b/g)Display:
2.46-inch, 320 by 240 pixel touch-screen.Navigation: Five-way navigation,
stylus, and QWERTY keypad.E-mail: Supported through Outlook Mobile
application.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Synchronized through Microsoft Outlook
Mobile.Office document support: Yes, through Office Mobile (Word, Excel,
PowerPoint).Web browser: Mobile Internet Explorer.Use device as PC modem:
No.GPS: Yes, with Google Maps application.Storage card: MicroSD card slot, up to
4GB of capacity supported.Camera: 3 megapixel digital camera.Multimedia: Yes,
through Windows Media Player.Removable battery: Yes~~

< Previous (HP iPAQ 910c) | Next (iPhone 3G) > The skinny: Palm's latest smart
phone provides support for most enterprise functions (including a nice ability
to encrypt data stored on the phone), but also provides some "personal"
features, such as a digital camera and multimedia player. Mobile workers will
appreciate the removable battery and the ability to edit Word and Excel
documents while on the road. Because the device uses Windows Mobile 6.1,
applications based on Microsoft's .Net Compact Framework 2.0 and SQL Server 2005
will run on the device.The price is a bit high, so enterprises might want to
wait until a carrier provides a subsidized version (although users with SIM
cards that want to switch can do so without having to extend their voice/data
contract). This device includes Wi-Fi for faster data access, and GPS support
provides for local search and driving directions for mobile workers.RELATED
STORIES* Treo Pro unlocked in bid to lower roaming costs* Palm Treo Pro: A sweet
Windows smartphone* Palm Treo Pro, HP iPaq 910c Business Messenger* Latest Palm
Treo news TECH SPECS:Operating System: Windows Mobile 6.1 ProfessionalCellular
network: UMTS / HSDPA. Downgrades to GSM if not in UMTS/HSDPA coverage
area.Wi-Fi: YesDisplay: 320 by 320, transflective color touchscreen.Navigation:
Five-way navigation for getting through menus, stylus and QWERTY keypad.E-mail:
Outlook access with Microsoft Direct Push and HTML support (requires Exchange
Server 2003 with SP2 or Exchange Server 2007). Personal e-mail support includes
Hotmail, Yahoo and Gmail.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Yes, through Office Outlook
Mobile.Office document support: Edit native Word and Excel documents. Open and
view PowerPoint, PDF and zip files.Web browser: Internet Explorer MobileUse
device as PC modem: YesGPS: Yes. Additional service required for navigation and
turn-by-turn navigation. TeleNav service bundled with device.Storage card:
MicroSDHC supported, up to 32GB.Camera: 2.0 megapixel camera with 8x digital
zoom and video capture.Multimedia: Windows Media Player MobileRemovable battery:
Yes~~

< Previous (Palm Treo Pro) | Next (New smartphones on the way) > The skinny:
Enterprises shouldn't automatically dismiss the iPhone for mobile workers just
because it's made by Apple. The company has made an effort with the
second-generation iPhone to get into the enterprise, with features such as
Exchange support, remote wipe and VPN access. Whether enterprises will bite is
up to the company and how stringent their policies are regarding mobile devices.
For example, the camera can't be disabled; and enterprise applications either
need to be custom-built through Apple's SDK, or purchased through third-party
applications in the App Store. Companies that want to mobilize their existing
Windows applications for use on the iPhone will find this more difficult than on
other devices, where Windows Mobile integration with Windows is easier. The lack
of a removable battery is a deal-killer with many mobile workers. Heavy usage on
the road will require additional accessories, such as snap-on battery packs or
charging cables.Despite these issues, the iPhone provides the best mobile user
experience - the Safari browser best emulates a PC Web session, and the ability
to access thousands of third-party applications can turn this into the ultimate
mobile device for work and for personal use.RELATED STORIES* 3G iPhone at a
glance* Six common complaints about the iPhone 3G* Smartphone smackdowns: iPhone
vs. BlackBerry Storm | The iPhone vs.

the G1* Latest iPhone news TECH SPECS:Operating System: iPhone OS 2.1.Cellular
network: UMTS/HSDPA, drops to GSM/EDGE when not in 3G coverage area.Wi-Fi: Yes
(802.11b/g)Display: 3.5-inch widescreen, 480 by 320 touchscreen.Navigation: No
stylus or hardware, navigation all done through touch screen.E-mail: Support for
Microsoft Exchange (works via Outlook Web Access), Yahoo, Gmail, AOL, and most
IMAP or POP mail systems.Contacts, Calendars, Tasks: Can be synchronized through
Exchange.Office document support: Can view (not edit) PDF, Word, Excel and
PowerPoint files.Web browser: Safari.Use device as PC modem: NoGPS: Yes. Maps
application (integrated with Google Maps) includes list of turn-by-turn
directions, or you can track route and view live position.Storage card: No.

Memory storage on hard drive (8GB or 16GB).Camera: 2.0 megapixels with photo
geo-tagging (integrated with GPS).Multimedia: IPod application plays songs and
music.Removable battery: No~~

< Previous (iPhone 3G) | Next (Xperia X1) > New kids on the block: BlackBerry
BoldAstute readers may notice that I left out the major player in the smart
phone game, Research In Motion and its BlackBerry line of devices. While I could
have profiled existing devices (such as the Curve, 8800 series or even the Pearl
line), they seemed "old" compared with the newer devices we tested. And the
newest RIM product -- the BlackBerry Bold -- wasn't shipping in the United
States when our testing was being conducted.The BlackBerry Bold was announced
earlier in the year, and AT&T has said it will be the exclusive carrier of the
newest generation of BlackBerry device. The Bold is the first BlackBerry to
support HSDPA networks, and comes with integrated GPS and Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g),
as well as multimedia features. Running on a 624 MHz mobile processor, the Bold
includes 128MB of flash memory, 1GB of on-board storage memory as well as a
microSD/SDHC card slot, which is accessible via the side (earlier BlackBerry
devices hid the card slot behind the battery case). The Bold features a half-VGA
color screen (480 by 320 resolution), with a trackball that better mimics a
mouse to make it easier to navigate and view Web sites. The Bold includes a 2
megapixel digital camera with video recording features, built-in flash and
digital zoom. Multimedia features include a music and video player.Since being
announced in May, the Bold has appeared practically everywhere on the planet
except for the United States (you can get one in Canada, the United Kingdom,
Japan, Indonesia, Spain, Serbia, India, Romania, France, Spain, Luxembourg,
Malaysia, Singapore, Ecuador, Turkey, Austria, Germany, Australia, Hong Kong,
and Chile). A RIM spokeswoman said the Bold was being certified by AT&T
Wireless, but wouldn't provide any further details.RELATED STORIES* Orange UK
pulls BlackBerry Bold over 3G problems* RIM debuts Blackberry Bold* Blackberry
Bold Staves Off Business iPhone Migration* Latest BlackBerry news~~

< Previous (BlackBerry Bold) | Next (T-Mobile's G1) > New kids on the block:
Sony Ericsson Xperia X1Another smart phone attempting to pretty up Windows
Mobile is Sony Ericsson's Xperia X1 device, which made its official debut in
September in the United Kingdom, with launches in Germany and Sweden as well.
Other markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America are expected throughout the rest
of the year. The company said availability in North America "will be announced
by local markets in the coming months." The Xperia X1 is a converged
"entertainment and mobile Web communication experience," and includes an
arc-slider design, 3-inch touch wide-screen, and Windows Mobile (yes, Windows
Mobile). Users can tap on the customizable panels to choose different programs,
including checking e-mail, browsing online or enjoying music or videos. The X1
includes a full QWERTY keyboard for messaging, 3.2 megapixel digital camera
(with video recording), Internet Explorer and Opera 9.5 Web browser, assisted
GPS, and wireless LAN capabilities. The X1 is able to access HSDPA networks and
will include a microSD card slot for memory storage.RELATED STORIES* Sony
Ericsson courts Windows Mobile developers* Sony Ericsson releases Xperia* Sony
Ericsson & Microsoft's XPERIA: iPhone killer?

~~

< Previous (Xperia X1) | Return to the beginning > New kids on the block:
T-Mobile G1The current buzz is all about the T-Mobile G1, which includes the
open-source Google Android operating system (based on Linux). Launched last
month for $179 (for the requisite two-year agreement), the G1 made a big splash
in New York in September. Like the iPhone, the system can access high-speed data
networks (T-Mobile's HSPA or Wi-Fi), has a touch-screen for navigation and an
HTML browser with zooming features. The "Android Market" promises the ability to
add additional applications to the phone, a la the iPhone App Store, and Google
is hoping that the open source nature of the operating system will stimulate
lots of application development. One big question mark on this phone is the
device's lack of Exchange e-mail support - but T-Mobile says that third-party
development of Exchange e-mail support is likely.RELATED STORIES* Smartphone
smackdown: The iPhone vs. the G1* Security flaw spotted in G1 Google phone* FAQ:
What T-Mobile's new G1 phone will do for you* The 10 best Google Android apps*
First look: G1* Latest Google Android news


