

Microsoft has launched the successor of the Nokia X Android phone (with Nokia X
software) - the Nokia X2 yesterday, as another addition in the budget Smartphone
segment with Android platform.

The X2 is dual sim phones that comes with a 4.3 inch ClearBlack LCD display with
a display resolution of 480 x 800 pixles. This sound a bit small in display
screen size, since most of the phones that are launching recently are either 4.7
inchers of 5 inchers.

The Nokia X2

The new Nokia X2 comes powered with a dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 200
processor that is clocked at 1.2GHz. It is difficult to understand why to Nokia
packed the new phone with a Snapdragon 200 processor when its competitors at INR
5,999 can pack Snapdragon 400 processor inside. We are talking about the Xiaomi
RedMi 1S that comes with a quad-core processor clocked at a speed of 1.6 Ghz.

Talking about the camera the X2 packs a 5-megapixel autofocus primary camera on
the back side with LED flash and here is a front camera to in the phone (the
camera capacity of the front camera is not revealed yet). This is definitely an
improvement over the Nokia X which had 3.2 megapixel primary camera and no
secondary camera. Moto E had a primary camera but t lacked a front camera.

When you look at the Lava Iris X1 which is price about an INR 1,000 less than
the Nokia X, you get an 8 megapixel primary shooter. This phone also has an 8 GB
internal memory besides the 32 GB expandable memory, and yes, the display screen
is 4.5 inches in size.

The Nokia X2 sports a, while there a front-facing camera (unspecified
resolution) also onboard. The Smartphone is backed by an 1800mAh battery that's
rated to deliver up to 10 hours of 2G talk time and up to 86 hours of continuous
music playback.

The Nokia X2 features 4GB of built-in storage, which is expandable via micro
SDcard (32GB) and 7GB cloud storage on OneDrive.

Enhancing user experience

On operating system, While Microsoft sticks to the live tile based interface,
most of the budget Smartphones (except Xiaomi RedMi 1S, which comes with MI user
interface) come with stock Android operating system.

A pull-down notifications tab (pretty much like the one in most of the Android
smartphone, look at the picture on the left side) also allows people to glance
at connectivity options as well as actionable items, such as software updates
available for download. Also there is a new home key and visual multitasking
complete the experience.

On Nokia X2 users can choose between three types of screens to facilitate
navigation, a colorful home with resizable tiles, Fastlane to access recent apps
and future calendar items or a Lumia-inspired apps list, from which people can
pin items to the home screen.

Will it give competition to the Moto E?

The Moto E launched in India this year at a price of INR 6,999 uses the same 1.2
GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor. Nokia seems to have picked Moto E as its
competitor, with a similar display size of 4.3 inch. But Moto E does take a leap
ahead with a better display resolution of 540 x 960 pixels and a Corning Gorilla
Glass 3 on display front. This is however an upgrade over the Nokia X launched
early this year which had just 512 MB of RAM.

Like the Moto E, the Nokia X2 has a 1GB of RAM and 4 GB inbuilt memory with a
possibility of expanding up to 32 GB.

Moto E offers extra 50 GB of cloud storage on Google Drive, compared to this
Nokia X offers 15 GB extra storage via OneDrive.

And the Android One

Another competitor of the Nokia X2 is the upcoming Android One Smartphones
landing in India on 8th September via Snapdeal retail store. They are expected
to come with either a 4.3 inch or 4.5-inch display and are expected to sport 1
GB of RAM and 5 megapixel rear camera. But they are going to run on quad-core
chipset and will be placed anywhere between INR 6K to 7K. That too, will be
cheaper than the Nokia X2!

This time however Nokia has been careful to make sure that X2 can run Android
apps, and the phone comes with pre-loaded with latest Nokia Store app that can
now support third party store. Nokia did not support Android app store in the
Nokia X which limited the availability of apps on the Nokia phone. It is known
that Google has a huge play store full of all kinds of app, which cannot be
compared to the Nokia app store.

Early verdict

The handset does look like a major upgrade over the earlier Nokia X, with a
slightly bigger (0.3 mm) display screen and a better camera (5 megapixel over
the 3.15 in the Nokia X). For those who are Nokia fans, this is seriously a
better potion over Nokia X.

Last year Nokia offered buy-backs on Lumia 930, 830 and more devices and we feel
with in case the company thinks of buy-back on the Nokia X to promote Nokia X2-
this Diwali customers will have a good choice.

But with competition from low-cost  like the Moto E, RedMi 1S, upcoming Android
One and others under INR 7K; and ultra-low cost smartphones like the Mozilla
Firefox smartphones in India the handset from Nokia do not have clear path ahead
to reach the top.

