

Apple's newest iPhones are out. Called iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, both come
with new features and enhancements over the previous-generation iPhones. Wonder
what's the difference between the two (of course, other than the screen size)?

Here's breaking up the key specifications of both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus for
you to decid. Screen The screen size of both the new iPhones, iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, remains the same as that of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Apple
iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch display while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch display.
Display resolutionThe resolution too remains same as the previous-generation
iPhones: 1,334 x 750 pixels on iPhone 7 and 1,920 x 1,080 pixels on iPhone 7
Plus.Storage and RAMBoth iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are said to have 2GB RAM.
The smartphones come in three variants, as per storage, 32GB, 128 GB and 256GB.
This means while the RAM has doubled in iPhone 7 (iPhone 6s had 1GB RAM), it is
same for iPhone 7 Plus as iPhone 6S Plus too had 2GB RAM).ProcessorBoth the
latest iPhones run on Apple A10 Fusion chipset. Apple's senior vice president
for marketing, Phil Schiller, said that the A10 Fusion chip will allow for
"console level gaming on an iPhone."CameraThis is where the biggest difference
is. While the cameras in both the smartphones have got a major upgrade, iPhone 7
Plus camera is more powerful. iPhone 7 Plus has a two 12-megapixel sensor with a
telephoto lens.iPhone 7 has 12 megapixel rear camera, with f/1.8 aperture, Focus
Pixels, Optical Image Stabilisation, quad-LED (dual tone) flash, 4K video
recording. The front camera on both the smartphones is 7MP.BatteryAccording to
Apple, iPhone 7 Plus has slightly better battery backup than iPhone 7. This may
account to 2-3 hours more depending on the nature of the usage. It is same in
the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The bigger-screen iPhone 6S Plus offers
slightly better battery life than the smaller screen iPhone 6S.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

