

Being an iOS user for years, "the good" and "the bad" words swarmed into my head
after using and testing the latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus for two weeks.

Here are some hands-on insights I want to highlight and the video above will
tell you more about the two devices.

Photo taken on October 14, 2015 shows the iPhone 6s Plus launched by Apple Inc
in September in San Francisco. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

Starting with a simple "touch"

The multi-touch display iPod Touch unveiled by Apple Inc in 2007 triggered a new
trend of human-computer interaction and Chinese consumers really started to
chase trendy technologies since the launch of iPhone 4 in 2010.

This year, Apple has upgraded its next-generation fingerprint recognition
feature, the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, making it easier and faster to unlock
your phone.

Users have been impressed after experiencing the response speed for activating
the function as the single press home button on the new iPhone will
simultaneously light the display and unlock the phone.

Sometimes this high-speed response can even present a problem when you simply
want to check the time or a notification without unlocking the screen.

Screenshot shows the 3D Touch function is available for WeChat and Sina Weibo.
[Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

3D Touch, a new technology introduced by the Cupertino company, allows users to
execute different commands depending on how hard they press the display.

Unlike previous multi-touch technology, which allows users to pinch and zoom, 3D
Touch will let users do what Apple calls 'peek' and 'pop'. Peeking or pressing
lightly on the display means previewing a piece of content and when you "pop" --
press on the screen harder and longer -- this will expand the content, letting
you interact with it.

As Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, pointed out the new feature "cuts out a number of
navigational steps to get where you're going".

Unlike the launch of the first generation Touch ID sensor, Apple said 3D Touch
will support third-party apps from the start.

For example, WeChat and Sina Weibo, two originally Chinese social media
applications, are the early birds that are redesigned to access 3D Touch. Users
can create new chat or new posts when "peeking" the apps.

Some of Apple's original apps, including Photos, Clock, Notes, Maps, Mail and
Messages are also built in the same function while others, such as Health,
Videos, Watch and Stocks are not.

One of the my favorites is that when you activate the function on the "Photos"
app, there's a "One Year Ago" short-cut that will let you skip directly into the
photo collections that you've saved in your phone a year earlier.

Photo taken on October 14, 2015 shows the rear cameras of iPhone 6s Plus(bottom)
and iPhone 6s. [Liu Zheng/chinadaily.com.cn]

According to figures revealed by Apple, the new display assembly weighs twice as
much as the display assembly used in last year's models due to the 3D Touch
technology. In the iPhone 6, the display assembly weighed 12 grams. In the
iPhone 6s, it weighs 29 grams, more than double last year's model.

By comparison with the previous "double click home button" method to active
iPhone's multitasking interface, the iOS 9, Apple's newly launched mobile
operating system brings a distinct change to the features.

Instead of an app icon carousel -- which later became app panes -- that scrolls
from right to left, iOS 9 employs a stacked card interface and switches the
initial scroll direction to jibe with the mechanics of 3D Touch.

To invoke 3D Touch multitasking, start an off-screen swipe from the left screen
edge and press firmly on the screen while performing the left-to-right swipe
action.

Due to the size of iPhone 6s Plus, some people suggest that it's better to use
your left hand rather than the right to active this action and after using the
feature many times, I agree.

Stand out from the crowd

By taking Beijing's subway, massive "phubbers" are seen staring at their
smartphones and given the round home button on the bottom, some are iPhone
users.

An old Internet meme joked that in 2012, after the newly-launched EarPods, a new
designed earphone for Apple devices, started to ship with iPhone 5, cases of
theft on the subway rapidly rose as thieves could easily tell who was carrying
the new phone.

This year, the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have similar designs to the
previous generation. So what will make people quickly realize you are holding a
brand new iPhone? Right, the rose gold finish.

By introducing the new color for the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the company
seems have attracted most loyal Chinese customers, especially female users, with
the conspicuous but not dazzling rose gold appearance.

The new color was seen as a hot choice for most buyers who appeared in the Apple
Store in Beijing's Sanlitun Village during the pick-up day for online pre-order
customers on September 25.

Build for the selfie-addict and video shooting lover

Apple made some serious upgrades for the new iPhones' iSight camera. It has
traded in its 8-megapixel rear shooter for a 12-megapixel variant with 1.22Âµ
pixels, offering 50 percent more than before.

The camera features a five-element lens with f/2.2 aperture and a sapphire lens
cover.

For 4K video shooting, the larger Plus model features optical stabilization as
its predecessor did while the smaller 6S only leaves room for digital
stabilization.

Some people argue that Live Photos, the new feature that allows users to capture
an extra 1.5 seconds of footage at the beginning and the end of the photo to
enable mini animations, is little more than a gimmick as few people will hold
the camera up for a couple of seconds after taking pictures.

In practice, I believe the feature is not designed for all-round photo shooting
circumstances. It's better to shoot with Live Photos mode when moving objects
are the main part of your pictures, such as a lyrical selfie, running pets or
even family parties. Rather than filming a painting or building.

To share the Live Photos is another issue that needs to be considered,
especially to share with a friend using a non-Apple device.

You'd better find an available video to Graphics Interchange Format transferring
app to deal with the matter.

Unbearable weight?

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus weigh 14 and 20 grams more than their predecessors,
respectively.

The switch to 7000 series alloy aluminum, the same material used to build the
Apple Watch, accounts for just 2 grams of the weight increase of the iPhone 6s
Plus, while the aluminum for the iPhone 6s actually weighs a gram less.

If you are a male user who only carries your smartphone in your pocket, it seems
the iPhone 6s Plus is a bit overweight, while if you are addicted to the 4K
video and longer battery life, the 6s Plus is a nice option.

But then, nothing is perfect.

Apple said the new iPhones would be available in more than 40 additional
countries from October 9, reaching more than 130 by years-end.

Apple relies heavily on sales of the iPhone, which generated nearly two-thirds
of its revenue in the latest quarter, and during the first weekend of
availability in 12 markets, Apple said it had sold more than 13 million iPhone
6s and 6s Pluses, setting a record for its marquee product.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/144486665361.jpg

f8bc126d980d17888f0e01.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/144486665434.jpg

f8bc126d980d178891a502.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/57/144486665499.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788921e03.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/81/144486665570.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788932005.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/43/144486665636.jpg

f8bc126d980d1788933106.jpg

