

NEW DELHI: Apple has launched its two new iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone
6S Plus in India. It's worth mentioning that this is the fastest iPhone rollout
in India with the phones being made available less than a month after being
going on sale in the US.

The iPhone 6S will be available at Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for
the 64GB version, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB storage variant. The iPhone 6S
Plus has been priced at Rs 72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB
version, and Rs 92,000 for the 128GB variant. Note that these prices are MRP
rates.

The phones will be retailed by Apple's four main iPhone distributors across
12,000 retail outlets, including large format retail chains such as Croma,
Reliance Digital and Jumbo, besides the e-commerce players such as Flipkart,
Snapdeal and Amazon.

With the launch of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, prices of the previous generation
iPhones have already been slashed. The iPhone 6 now has an MRP of Rs 52,000 for
16GB and Rs 62,000 for 64GB versions. The 6 Plus is available at an MRP of Rs
62,000 for 16GB and Rs72,000 for 64GB versions

Along with the standard silver, space gray and gold colours, iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus have also been launched in a new rose gold hue.

While there is no increment in screen size in iPhone 6S (4.7-inch HD) and iPhone
6S (5.5-inch Full HD) compared to last year's models, the phones feature a new
3D Touch display technology, which allows the screen panel to differentiate
between types of touches and taps in preloaded apps as well as on the
homescreen.

Both iPhones are powered by the new A9 processor with 2GB RAM (reported) and run
iOS 9 operating system. The new 64-bit A9 chipset is 70% faster at carrying out
processes than the one on last year's iPhones. Similarly, the graphics
processing will be 90% faster.

While the phones come in 3 storage variants - 16, 64, and 128GB, there is no
support for microSD cards for storage expansions.

One of the biggest upgrades to iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is in the cameras.
The rear cameras of the two smartphones have 12MP resolution, backed by
dual-tone dual-LED flash, while the front cameras have 5MP sensors. A new camera
feature of iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus is Live Photos, which can turn photos
into short videos. The rear camera has also got 4K recording to capture
high-resolution videos.

According to Apple, the iPhone 6S delivers up to 14 hours talk time on 3G and up
to 10 days standby time. The 6S Plus offers up to 24 hours talk time on 3G and
up to 16 days standby time.

The new iPhones feature faster-second-generation TouchID sensor and are made of
tough aircraft grade aluminium, same as Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 edge.

The phones support most popular connectivity options, including 4G LTE.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

