

Dubai: Both telco operators and retailers in the UAE have started accepting
pre-orders for the new iPhones, which will be available from October 10 at
12.01am at select outlets.

Etisalat is selling iPhone 6S for Dh2,699 (16GB), Dh3,099 (64GB) and Dh3,499
(128GB). The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,099 (16GB), Dh3,499 (64GB)
and Dh3,899 (128GB). The devices are available in silver, space grey, rose gold
and gold.

Du is selling the iPhone 6S for Dh2,749 (16GB), Dh3,149 (64GB), Dh3,599 (128GB).
The iPhone 6S Plus will be available at Dh3,149 (16GB), Dh3,599 (64GB) and
Dh3,999 (128GB).

Etisalat said the iPhone 6S is available from monthly rentals of Dh265, Dh400
and Dh650 while the iPhone 6S Plus is available at Dh290, Dh425 and Dh675
monthly. In addition, customers can enjoy monthly data allowance of 5GB, 10GB
and 20GB respectively.

Etisalat's smartphone plans for the iPhone 6S also includes flexi or local
minutes on all three packages, such as the 20GB monthly data package bundled
with 750 flexi or 2,000 local minutes.

Prepaid customers can also get the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus devices with 10
GB free data by simply dialling "Deal of the Day number" *050#.

Offers

Du has three main offers.

The zero upfront package for Dh250 per month gives 2GB of data per month and the
Dh300 per month package gives 11GB data and 300 flexi minutes on a monthly basis
for a contract period of 24 months.

"The high-end package of Dh1,000 per month for 24 months will get 2,500 flexi
minutes, 25GB of data, gold number and every year two free iPhones," du said.

By pre-ordering with a new postpaid number from du, subscribers can avail many
smart plans and Emirati plans worth Dh300, Dh600 and Dh1,000 which offer free
talk time, data, SMS and free minutes for up to three preferred UAE numbers.
There are more details on the companies' websites.

As for the retailers, some said they will be getting enough stocks compared to
last year while others said that they were not looking to stack their stands for
Gitex Shopper since the event would be winding up on October 11.

Last year, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus did make for brisk sales at Shopper stands but
retailers ran out of stocks within a few hours.

