

by Faisal Mohammed Naim faisal@timesofoman.com  iPhoneSE: the first Apple
smartphone not having a number in its model name, the SE keeps the design of the
5S, but packs the performance of the 6S.


With the iPhone 6 series, Apple finally gave in to the latest smartphone vogue
of being 'Big', and people loved it. The devout
anything-is-good-as-long-its-Apple fans went gaga over it, as did many others
who are truly deeply madly in love with the big-is-better concept. But the
non-conformists, or more aptly put, the purists, were still very much in love
with the magic Apple had created in the past: the iPhone 5 and 5S.



To them the 5 was the most perfect iPhone, with a most perfect screen size. And
for long they kept on with it, hoping or the much needed updates. The 6 series
came in, but still they lingered with the predecessor. The proof of it is the
high demand of the phone even to this day; almost parallel to the 6S.

However, Apple finally seems to pay heed with the launch of the iPhone SE. The
first smartphone from Apple's stable, not having a number in its model name, the
SE comes retaining the same design of the 5 series and 4inch screen, and packing
the features of the 6S - a banging update to the 5S at a price lot more
affordable than an iPhone 6S.

The new baby iPhone packs the same advanced A9 processor as in the 6S. The 12
megapixel camera, also borrowed from the 6S captures incredible images and 4K
videos, with 'Live Photo'. Apple also brings the 'Apple Pay' feature courtesy
the inclusion of NFC to the 4inch form factor with the SE (though of no use in
Oman).

One of the biggest draws is the SE's price. The cheapest iPhone yet starts at
OMR 190, almost a hundred rials cheaper than the 6S, offering great value with
all the power and performance of iPhone 6S.

Having exactly the same dimensions and design as that of the 5S, the biggest
advantage of the SE over the 6S is its size; that is if you are not too much in
love with gigantism. The phone is super easy to store and carry, and makes the
6S Plus feel big and bulky. Operating the phone is also much more convenient
with the entire screen within reach of single hand.

With the 6S derived 64-bit A9 chip, M9 motion co-processor and the same 2GB RAM
- 2GB, the SE is a superfast smartphone; faster in fact than the 6S, with fewer
pixels to drive, thanks to the smaller screen. The iOS 9.3, which includes a few
notable features, like password-protected notes and the Siri interface, enabling
hands-free voice-controlled mobile operation.

Another exciting factor is the camera shape: no protuberance like the 6S. The
arrangement is exactly like the iPhone 5S, while containing the hardware of the
6S, with flush lens and tall pill-style dual-LED flash. However, cost-cutting
has led to the absence of the scratch-resistant sapphire cover glass. The
previous gen Touch ID sensor on the SE is also slower, but still lovable as it
does not require unlocking the phone while turning on the screen to check
notifications.

You can choose from Space Grey, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold, with 16GB and 64GB
storage options. The latter three have white faces; only the Space Grey comes
with a black front. The accessories and cases are all 5S compatible; another
money saving feature.

Apple says, it is the most powerful 4 inch phone ever, but whether it will be
able to create ripples amongst fans remains to be seen. Over a month since its
launch, the scenario suggests otherwise so far.

We think it's a marvelous effort by Apple, but a little too late. Happiness
certainly comes in small packets, if only it could be delivered a bit early. The
4 inch hero is dead; faded from the memories of samrtphone buffs. Steve Jobs you
are dearly missed.

Tech Specs

Apple iPhone SE

Operating system: iOS 9

Processor: A9 chip with M9 motion coprocessor, 2.1GHz

Display: Retina display 4[#x2011]inch LED[#x2011]backlit widescreen multi-touch


Camera: 12mp rear camera with Live Photos and Auto HDR, True Tone flash, 4K
video recording; front camera 1.2mp with 720p HD video recording and retina
flash

Storage: 16GB, 64GB (non-expandable)

Battery backup: Talk time: Up to 14 hours on 3G; 13 hours video playback; and
upto 50 hours audio playback. Standby time upto 10 days

Other features: Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Siri

Weight: 113gm

Finish: Silver, Gold, Space Gray, Rose Gold


Â© Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2016 Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

