

By Mohammad Omer -

iPhone SE is a clear example of how smaller size smartphones can pack a lot of
firepower to rival that of phablets. With the 4 inch handset, Apple has made
smaller devices relevant and in more than just one way, and iPhone SE is easily
able to take on its larger sized brother, iPhone 6s. The 4.7 inch handset does
deliver a lot of features, but when you have a choice to make between the two,
there is a lot that you are unaware of and we will help you to make that
decision extremely simple, so let us get started.

That is correct; if you are looking for performance from a compact handset, then
look no further than an iPhone SE. It packs the same hardware as an iPhone 6s,
because the insides comprise of Apple's A9 SoC, which features a dual-core 1.84
GHz Twister processor designed by the company itself, along with a PowerVR
GT7600 GPU. In addition, 2GB of LPDDR4 RAM is more than enough to help you
engage in multitasking options. If you are looking for another reason to go for
an iPhone SE despite its smaller screen, you will find that reason posted below.

Apple's smartphones have not gone beyond past the 1080p mark, and looking at
Sony's Xperia Z5 Premium (the first smartphone to sport a 4K display), handsets
coming with a 4K resolution are going to become relatively common in the future,
if manufacturers are able to solve the issue of battery life. With Apple's
iPhone 6s, the smartphone rocks a 1334 by 750 resolution, whereas an iPhone SE
sports a 1136 by 640 resolution. Smaller resolutions consume less power,
resulting in better battery life, not to mention better graphics performance
(the GPU and CPU pushes less number of pixels on the screen).

In fact, Apple has also listed specifications of the iPhone SE's battery life as
being higher than that of iPhone 6s, depending on what sort of activity you will
be carrying out on your smartphones. The lists have been given below:

Audio: 50 hours

Video: 13 hours

Wi-Fi: 13 hours

LTE: 13 hours

3G browsing: 12 hours

3G (talk time hours): 14 hours

Audio: 50 hours

Video: 11 hours

Wi-Fi: 11 hours

LTE: 10 hours

3G browsing: 10 hours

3G (talk time hours): 14 hours

If you have absolutely no issues in using a 4 inch smartphone as your daily
driver, you will be happy to know that you experience more battery life and rake
out more performance from it.

It's hard to believe that smaller inched smartphones sport camera sensors that
capture images and footage of equivalent quality than those that feature larger
screens. However, in addition to better performance and increased battery life,
iPhone SE is also incorporated with a 12MP rear camera. Smaller number of
megapixels is not necessarily a bad thing, since more light is able to enter per
pixel, resulting in better images in low-light environments.

One huge reason to invest in an iPhone SE is that it able to record 4K video at
30fps, being equal to iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Additionally, if you want to
conserve space and edit slow motion videos, this camera sensor will be able to
do just that thanks to recording in the following resolutions and framerate:

The rear sensor might not produce images sharper than 16MP sensors, but as more
and more camera sensors are succeeding their previous versions, its more about
the quality of the tech, and less about the number of megapixels crammed into
it. Additionally, if you're a selfie buff, then you will love this new feature;
according to Apple, the display of iPhone SE increases to three times its
default brightness in order to capture a high quality selfie without
compromising the image quality. Front flash features are present in some
smartphones, but in low-light, then up end tarnishing the image far more than
actually contributing to its quality.

With all the tech present on the camera side of things, it is pretty evident
that there is no downside to using both cameras on iPhone SE right? Wrong; the
smartphone might be impressive in several ways but the one downside to using it
is the front camera, and that will be because of the lack of megapixels. With a
maximum resolution of 1.2MP, iPhone 6s and 6s Plus definitely win in this
category because they have an impressive 5MP camera. However, one little
difference will obviously not force you to deviate from your purchase, so let us
dive into more features before ultimately reaching our decision.

Yes, that is correct, iPhone SE only comes in the 16 and 64GB capacity models.
64GB is definitely the sweet spot for any handset right now and it is definitely
more than enough for you to carry around your entire media collection with you.
Unfortunately, there are consumers whose collections exceed this limit as well,
requiring them to go for a storage model upgrade. However, we are under the
assumption that those numbers are going to be extremely minute in number.

Apple's proprietary Touch ID fingerprint scanner is integrated into the home
button of iPhone SE, but if you want to experience the same speed recognition
found in iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, you will be fresh out of luck. This smartphone's
Touch ID is the same one present in iPhone 5s, showing that Apple did make a few
sacrifices along the way. According to Pocketnow, a specification breakdown let
the staff to conclude that the fingerprint scanner is comprised up of older
hardware. However, if you do not have a problem with the amount of time it takes
to deduce your identity, then we strongly suggest that you invest in this
device.

Also known as Force Touch, a feature found in iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, Apple
Watch and the 2015 12 inch MacBook, this display is not present in iPhone SE.
While it is definitely a handy addition of playing around with and fire up
commands that give you access to more functions by just putting a slight amount
of force on the screen. It is still rather new, meaning that developers will
probably be finding much better use of the technology with their applications in
the near future, which will be some time from now.

Naturally, as more and more Android smartphones are released boasting this
feature, it will compel developers to branch out more functions in their apps.
As of right now, even if iPhone SE does not have a pressure sensitive display,
do not be too upset about; chances are you will probably forget about such a
thing as soon as you make your purchase.

Contactless payments have become possible through our smartphones thanks to
Apple and the incorporation of NFC chips inside its mobile devices. While NFC
cannot be used to transfer data across device of an iPhone SE (or any other
iPhone for that matter), you can still use Apple Pay to make purchases without
using your payment card.

In many ways, using NFC based payment techniques is definitely safer than
resorting to use your debit or credit card since the information does not stay
on the 'point of sale's' server, meaning that the threat of having a hacker
steal your card details is severely reduced ('point of sale' is a hub where your
payment card is swiped in order to complete the transaction). The only drawback
to using NFC based payments is that there are limited merchants that are
accepting transactions through this channel, but this will obviously take time
to be embraced.

Right now, there is no such thing as a perfect smartphone, and despite iPhone
SE's impressive hardware, it does come short on a lot things, which have been
listed below. To sum up everything, we have stated below the reasons why you
should and you should not invest in an iPhone SE.

Overall, iPhone SE is practically an iPhone 6s, with one major difference
(screen size) and a few minor ones. However, you definitely cannot ignore that
price tag and looking at Apple, it is quite hard to believe that a 4 inch
powerhouse of an iPhone can cost you just $399 (for the 16GB model). As we
conclude this, we have to say that in a world littered with phablets, Apple has
definitely given us more than our fair share of reasons why we should head out
and invest in an iPhone SE.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/71/145908473443.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/47/145908473537.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/63/145908473559.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/35/145908473579.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/89/145908473634.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/49/145908473731.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/28/145908473758.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/10/145908473830.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/90/145908473900.jpg



