

In a big move to attract customers, Apple has introduced buyback scheme on the
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus starting with discounts between . 9,000 and ' ' .
25,000 on a range of select models including its own, and those from Samsung,
Sony, HTC, Lumia and Google Nexus.

Beginning Valentine's Day weekend to March 26, the latest iPhones may be
available from the starting range of ' . 30,000 for . 25,000 to ' the 16 GB
iPhone 6s variant after discount, depending on the model exchanged by a
consumer. At present, the lowest variant of iPhone 6s is estimated to be
available for under ' . 52,000 offline and under . 45,000 at online sites.' The
offer will be available in 'participating merchant outlets' (read: offline
retail outlets), as per conditions mentioned on the Indiaishop.in website,
backed by Apple's official online reseller Infibeam.com.

"Apple is giving greater flexibility to distributors and retailers," said Tarun
Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint. "They are estimating sales to be slow
and therefore, want to make use of these schemes to get sales going," he ad

ded indicating that more such offers may be in store going forward.

Apple has had a dream run in India last year, selling more than 2 million
iPhones of which 8,00,000 were sold in the October-December quarter alone -it's
best ever -where it clocked revenue growth of 38%, much faster than core markets
of the US and China.

On a granular le vel though, Apple sales lost steam in the latter half of
October to Decem ber quarter, which may have triggered the new offers for the
latest models, which were laun ched in September last year.

iPhone 6s entry le vel model with 16 GB storage was launched at a very

high price of ' . 62,000, while 64 GB and 128 GB models were launched at ' .
72,000 and ' . 82,000, respectively. The iPhone 6s Plus variants ranged between
' . 72,000 . 92,000.and ' Apple has been making aggressive price cuts on older
devices such as iPhone 5s and even cut prices on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models.

