
DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 8 -- The battery life between iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models can
vary significantly depending on which of two companies manufactured its
processor, according to reports. The recently-released new generation of iPhones
each contain a chip made by one of two manufacturers, Samsung and TSMC,
teardowns have confirmed.

It has since been reported that the TSMC processor is 10 per cent larger than
Samsung's, resulting in significant difference in battery life, according to
Anandtech. There is no way of telling which chip your iPhone 6s sports when you
first buy the handset, but America-based owners can check by using apps like
Lirum Device Info. Samsung chips are marked as N71AP in the 6s and N66AP in the
6s Plus, and TSMC's processers run under the name N71MAP in the 6s and N66MAP in
the 6s Plus. YouTuber Jonathan Morrison tested two iPhone 6s models, one with
each chip, by shooting 4K video, exporting the footage to iMovie and running
benchmark tests. The TSMC chip handset used 38 per cent of its battery, while
the Samsung model used 45 per cent - a 7 per cent difference. Austin Evans ran
the Geekbench 3 battery test on two iPhone 6s models, again with different
chips, and left the phones running to see how long it would take them to run
down to 50 per cent battery. He found the TSMC handset lasted around 50 minutes
longer, taking 2 hours, 34 minutes and 44 seconds to reach the half way point,
compared with 1 hour, 44 minutes and 18 seconds for the Samsung chip unit.
However, when playing an hour long video on each phone free from analytics,
Evans found only 1 per cent different between the pair, suggesting that while
the TSMC chip is likely to offer better.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily National Herald Tribune .
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

