

Huawei has just released the Mate S.

Pat Pilcher compares the device to the iPhone 6S Plus.

--------------------

Huawei has been making a big push at the top end of the smartphone market and
now it has another offering - the Mate S. So how does its new smartphone stack
up against a flagship device like the iPhone 6S Plus?

DESIGN

The Mate S features a brushed alloy body, topped with Gorilla Glass. Its curved
back and chamfered edges make it comfortable in the hand. It's not a small
phone, but it isn't unwieldy. It measures 2.65mm at its thinnest point and 7.2mm
at its thickest point. At 149.9mm x 75.3mm, it is smaller than the iPhone 6s
Plus (158.2mm x 77.9mm x 7.3mm). Both have 5.5-inch displays. The iPhone 6S Plus
is no slouch in the design department. It also features an alloy body, and its
design incorporates soft edges for more comfy use. It may have attracted scorn
for looking identical to the iPhone 6, but it feels sturdier than its
predecessor.

Winner: Tie. Both have great designs.

DISPLAY

The 5.5-inch display on the Mate S delivers dark blacks and crisp whites with
vivid colours. Viewing angles are good, and it is bright enough for use on sunny
days. Huawei opted for a 1080p display with a pixel density of 401ppi. Apple
also chose the same resolution but went for LCD which doesn't quite deliver the
same contrast levels. However, colour accuracy is quite good.

Winner: Huawei, due to its energy efficiency and contrast/ colour capabilities.

PERFORMANCE

While both smartphones offer 16GB base capacities, the iPhone doesn't have
storage expansion. The Mate S can take up to 128GB of Micro SD card storage. A
speed test saw the iPhone just outperform the Mate S.

Winner: Apple. When it comes to processing grunt, iPhone 6S wins.

CAMERA

Camera sensors are a specification that phone shoppers often focus on. The
Huawei Mate S is well appointed on the photography front. It has a 13MP image
sensor, optical image stabilisation, a two- tone flash and zippy autofocus. On
the downside, it doesn't record 4K video. The iPhone 6s Plus comes with a 12MP
sensor, but is otherwise comparable to the Mate S camera specifications. The 6s
Plus can shoot 4K video. Apple's camera software did, however, feel "janky"
compared to the shooter app on the Mate S.

Winner: Apple (by a hair) thanks to its 4K video shooting.

FINGERPRINT SENSOR

Smartphones contain a huge amount of personal information. Keeping that
information secure is vital. Passwords, pin numbers and unlock patterns are
guessable. Fingerprints are harder to spoof. The Mate S comes with a rear-
mounted fingerprint sensor. Its location is where most users will find their
fingers when they pick up the phone. In use, its sensor was less flummoxed by
wet hands or finger movement on the sensor. Huawei has also added fingerprint
sensor gestures. These allow the user to use the sensor to take photos, scroll,
or pull down the notification drawer. The iPhone's fingerprint sensor is on its
front. I'd often find my damp dabs confused it.

Winner: Huawei. Sensor accuracy and functionality makes the Mate S a dab hand
with prints.

BATTERY LIFE

CPUs are becoming more energy efficient and software optimisation is helping
too. Demand for slimmer phones has seen manufacturers shrinking batteries. . The
iPhone 6S Plus has a 2750mAh battery and the Mate S has a 2700mAh battery.
Apple's iOS 9 now features a Power Saving feature, which extends battery life,
equating to just over 11 hours. The Mate S has similar capabilities which
delivered just over 12 hours.

Winner: Huawei: With typical use, the Mate S edged ahead of the Apple 6s Plus.

PRICE

Price is a huge consideration for buyers. The 64GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't cheap at
$1399. The Huawei Mate S is just a shade more affordable, retailing for $1349.
Both phones do offer a lot of functionality for the price.

Winner: Huawei, which just pips Apple 6S at the pricing post.

VERDICT

Comparing Apple and Huawei highlights just how close both devices are with
specifications and price. Huawei's price, battery life, display and fingerprint
sensor saw it ahead of Apple in four out of seven categories. While Apple's
camera and CPU outshone Huawei, both tied when it came to design. Huawei has
come a long way.

--------------------

CAPTION:

The iPhone 6S Plus, left, lost four out of seven categories, making the Huawei
Mate S the winner.

Picture: REUTERS

