

"The only things that's changed is everything".

As far as hyperbole goes, that's way up there, but Apple's slogan for the iPhone
6s and 6s Plus is designed to tackle the feeling of familiarity head-on.

Yes, these new phones look just like the ones that went before them, but
underneath the skin they're game-changing.

At least that's the theory.

To find out the truth I made a beeline for the 6s Plus table as soon as the
keynote finished. I've got a 6 Plus and I wanted to know whether it's going to
be worth upgrading. I now feel that it is.

The most significant change for the new phones is the addition of 3D Touch,
which is a further development of the Force Touch tech first seen on the
super-slim MacBook's trackpad back in June.

Force Touch on the MacBook is very handy, but it only really works in the same
way as the right-click of a mouse. 3D Touch is more clever than that.

Apply a bit of pressure in a compatible part of iOS 9 and you activate the
"peek" function, which gives you a glimpse at what's contained within.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Peek and pop feature all over the place on the 6s Plus. On an app icon it can
provide some very useful shortcuts.

For example, use peek on the Phone icon and you get a pop-up list of three
people you might want to call, on Music it can take you straight to a radio
station or an album.

Both versions of the new iPhone get a new 12MP iSight camera, up from the 8MP of
the existing models. And once again the Plus phone gets optical image
stabilisation while the standard 6s does without.

At a hands-on event like this it's impossible to really put a camera through its
paces, but it certainly looks as though those extra megapixels are being put to
good use, with images looking noticeably sharper than those of the 6 Plus.

The 12MP sensor also means panoramas are now 63MP, and the iPhone can now
capture 4K video for the very first time.

But far more interesting and surprising to me is the new Live Photo feature.

Apple reveal new Apple TV with exciting new features

As you scroll through the Photos app you'll see a flash of movement on those
that were taken with Live Photo, and if you press on them you'll see the extra
bit of footage that was captured.

Naturally the new iPhones are more powerful than those that went before.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus get Apple's new A9 chip, which the company says
improves overall CPU performance by up to 70% over the previous generation, and
graphics performance is apparently up by a whopping 90%.

Honestly, I didn't notice the difference during my brief hands-on with the 6s
Plus. Yes, it operation is lightning fast, but it's not as though the 6 Plus is
sluggish. Where the increased power will probably be useful is in new, more
graphically intensive games, such as the aforementioned Warhammer 40K:
Freeblade.

Both the 6s and 6s Plus are thicker than the phones that preceded them to the
tune of 0.2mm. That puts the 6s Plus at 7.3mm thick, and it's heavier too, at
192g compared to the 6 Plus' 172g.

3D Touch is just so simple, intuitive and time-saving that I think it's one of
those features that you'll grow so used to you'll wonder how you ever lived
without it, while Live Photos adds a really beautiful extra layer of warmth to
your still photos.

Both of those features are game-changing, and I want them in my life just as
soon as possible.

I won't have to wait long: pre-orders for both the 6s and 6s Plus open on 12th
September and both will be available on 25th September.

Tom Parsons is the Deputy Editor of Stuff.tv, where a longer version of this
review originally appeared. Check it out for the latest gadget news, reviews and
features.

