

NEW DELHI: Those waiting for Apple's latest phones from overseas via the grey
market route may not get them. And those planning to bring them from outside
India without paying duty might need to do a rethink as they could be fined.
Smugglers of the newest iPhones may even face arrest.

Noticing a massive spurt in smuggled iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models through
Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport, Mumbai customs authorities have
issued a press release informing fliers to "voluntarily declare iPhones to
customs on arrival."

They warned that passengers picked up after passing through the green channel
will be liable to pay a fine, penalty and customs duty. According to the
release, duty will be levied even on a single phone since the value of the
device exceeds the 'free allowance.' Passengers carrying iPhones in commercial
quantity are liable to be arrested.

Additional Commissioner of Customs, Mumbai Airport, Milind Lanjewar confirmed
the developments to ET and said the rules already exist and are being reiterated
to travelers. "For goods above Rs 45,000, technically passengers have to declare
but most people are not aware of it. A duty of 36% is levied on the amount above
this limit," he said. Even if a single iPhone brought from overseas exceeds the
free allowance value, it would have to be declared and duty would have to be
paid. The cheapest iPhone 6s, which comes with storage of 16GB, is listed on
Apple's website as costing $649 (Rs 42,350) while the same model on its
Singapore website can be purchased for S$1,048 (Rs 48,000).

When value of undeclared goods rises above Rs 20 lakh, the authorities proceed
with arrests, Lanjewar added. The Mumbai Airport Customs authorities have seized
about 200 of the latest iPhone models valued at Rs 1.23 crore over the past two
weeks. The phones were brought into India by fliers coming from Singapore, Hong
Kong, London, Dubai and other countries. Authorities have since increased
screening of checked-in and hand baggage, besides profiling passengers.

ET reported last week, citing trade sources, that the iPhone 6s 16 GB would be
sold for Rs 62,000, 64 GB variant for Rs 72,000 and 128 GB version for Rs
82,000, while the iPhone 6s Plus 16 GB would be priced at Rs 72,000, 64 GB at Rs
82,000 and 128 GB at Rs 92,000. "As the models are still to be launched in
India, passengers are trying to smuggle these iPhones for monetary benefit by
sale through grey market," the authorities have said.

The Mumbai seizure was not the only one. On Sunday, seven youth were detained at
New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport with about 182 iPhone 6s and 6s
Plus models brought in from Hong Kong and Singapore on separate flights,
officials said. With the launch 10 days away, they expect more such cases.

A customs official at Delhi airport said the department has tightened vigil for
all iPhone devices coming into India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

