

Today sees the arrival of the iPhone SE in Thailand. Ordering was available on
May 2 and deliveries should begin today. Apple online ordering was live at the
weekend, delivery is 2-4 days. English language pages for Thai shoppers have
also been updated.

There has been a considerable amount of interest in the iPhone SE here and many
people have asked me about this. Sales should be good for two reasons: the
screen size and the price.

Four different colours are available: Space Gray, Silver, Gold and Rose Gold.
Each of these has a matching Apple logo. The iPhone SE starts at almost 10,000
baht cheaper than the iPhone 6s. There are two capacity options: 16GB and 64 GB,
at 16,800 baht and 20,800 baht respectively.

I have been using a Space Gray iPhone SE for the last week and rather like its
feel and performance. While Apple had moved to larger screens with the iPhone 6,
some still prefer a smaller form factor. One of my students suggested a few
weeks back that she did not like the iPhone 6s Plus because, with her small
hands, she was always afraid of dropping it. The iPhone SE, shaped like the
iPhone 5, is made for her and others with smaller hands.

I must admit I always had a soft spot for the iPhone 5. I particularly liked the
way the flat edges allowed me to balance the device easily for taking photos,
something the iPhone SE does exceptionally well. The smaller dimensions allow it
to fit in the hand snugly, but the output is every bit as good as that from the
iPhone 6s Plus I currently use as my everyday phone. Both phones use the same
camera.

I took several images and found them clear, sharp and nicely saturated. Like the
iPhone 6s, blue skies come out particularly well. What the camera also allows is
the normal output types of Live Photos, HDR, Time-Lapse, Slo-Mo and video. That
includes 4K video.

Specifications also include the Touch ID that allows users to access the phone
using a fingerprint. This can also be used for purchasing. I use this for most
of the apps I buy from iTunes. What the iPhone SE does not have is the 3D Touch,
which would require different glass and extra sensors, but for 10,000 baht less,
there must be some limits.

The smaller screen also means that fewer app icons can be displayed. The display
of content is also limited, particularly in comparison with the iPhone 6s Plus,
so my experiences here are not representative. I like the bigger screen because
I can use it for work. A smaller screen needs compromises.

Although it looks like the iPhone 5 on the outside, the A9 chip that it shares
with the iPhone 6s makes the iPhone SE much faster. In use, this iPhone, with
its sharp and clear display is an efficient work device. Over a couple of days I
made it my main iPhone (I only have one SIM) with no major problems. I was still
able to use a couple of apps I have only on the larger device via the Personal
Hotspot.

The faster processor also meant that Siri worked every bit as well on the iPhone
SE as it does on the iPhone 6s models and that allowed another efficiency boost,
along with access to all my data on iCloud, including documents, music, photos.
Apart from a couple of minor omissions, the iPhone SE gives access to the iPhone
experience at a more measured price.

As well as its enterprise connection with IBM, Apple last week signed an
agreement with the software giant SAP of Germany for development of native iOS
apps for the enterprise. There will also be a new iOS software development kit
(SDK) and training academy so that developers, partners and customers can easily
build native iOS apps tailored to their business needs.

Rumours at the weekend suggest that there will be a major update to Apple Music
at WWDC in June along with a massive update to iOS. I hope to be there. To start
things off, in a few countries Apple has introduced a US$4.99 (175 baht) student
subscription. That is also the price of Apple Music here as some items are not
available, although there is lots of local music. iTunes does too much these
days and could also do with a redesign, perhaps separating some of the services.

When Microsoft introduced the Surface, Steven Sinofsky was the main presenter,
but he left the company not long after. Last week he wrote about the way he
works with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. He notes that it is not the operating system
that is of concern, but the task that the user needs to do, as I have several
times in this column and online.

