

Appearances Can Be Deceptive

"Both new iPhones look the same as before" is the most common complaint when it
comes to the 's' variants. Ever since the iPhone 3GS released in 2009, Apple has
followed the 'tick-tock' strategy - the tick is the all-new model and the 'tock'
has mostly internal upgrades. However, with these new phones - they're not
exactly the same dimensions as before, even though they look identical. There's
a minor difference in thickness (6.9mm for iPhone 6 and 7.1mm for 6s - and 7.1mm
to 7.3mm for the plus version). This means that all existing cases and skins may
not fit. We tried a couple of aftermarket cases meant for the 6 Plus on the 6s
Plus - one was fine, the other wasn't. Screen protectors in general are fine but
don't buy any textured skins unless they are specifically cut for the 6s and 6s
Plus. You can chalk up the slight difference due to the thicker and stronger
aluminium used in the new phones plus the new 3D Touch capacitive displays.

So What's New?

For both new phones, there are three key improvements. First is 3D Touch. This
is a hardware-enabled feature that cannot be implemented on older iPhones. The
screen can detect varying levels of pressure which let you 'peek' at and 'pop'
into content. More on this later. Second, you get substantial performance
improvements which come because of the new processor. Third biggest change is
the 'Taptic' engine - it's a larger, more precise vibration motor that can do
different types of vibration (different intensity and duration) to convey
contextual feedback. This also has use in gaming - similar to rumble feedback
you get with game controllers. Apart from this, the new phones are heavier than
before (172 vs 192 grams for the 6s plus and 129 vs 143 grams for the 6s) -
probably due to the heavier 3D Touch screen, addition of the Taptic engine and
stronger aluminium.

How Much Better is the Camera?

Substantially better - and it's not just about the bump in resolution from 8MP
to 12MP. Both the 6s and 6s Plus get the new sensor and the Plus also gets the
benefit of a very effective optical image stabilisation system. The front iSight
camera resolution has been improved from 1.2MP to 5MP and the screen acts like a
colour-corrected flash in low light. We found that the results in auto mode are
consistently goood across the board and with different lighting conditions.
Comparing the 6s and 6s Plus to devices like Galaxy S6 and Note 5, we found a
few key differences. On the device, photos tend to look better on the super
amoled screens of the Galaxy devices but compared side-by-side, the differences
are minimal. The S6 and Note are better at creating a shallower depth of field
and have higher resolution. The iPhones offer truer colour and have a better
dynamic range. Once again, these are among the best smartphone cameras on the
market.

What's Up With The Screen?

3D Touch is a big addition this year. Like the capacitive touchscreen, this is a
feature that could trickle down to all touchscreens. It lets you peek at
something (without actually opening it) with a harder press. For instance, you
can press harder on an email to peek inside - the same can be done on text
messages, calendar entries and image gallery. Press even harder and you can
'pop' into the item full screen. A harder press on certain app icons will throw
up contextual menus too. This feature is on Apple apps and other developers are
following up too - it works great on Facebook and Instagram for instance - more
developers are enabling 3D Touch support every day. We're happy to see that 3D
Touch continues to work with screen protectors (even tempered glass). As for the
IPS LCD screen itself, Apple doesn't seem to want to be in this race. That's why
we think the screen is the weakest link here. The 6s has a 4.7-inch screen with
a resolution of 1334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi) while the 6s plus has a 5.5-inch
screen with a resotuion of 1920 x 1080 pixels (401 ppi). The screen has
excellent colours, viewing angles and brightness, but it still falls short of
the super amoled screens on Samsung flagships.

What About Performance?

iPhones have always been about the experience rather than raw specs on paper.
iOS is not resource hungry and does things bit differently as compared to
Android. That being said, the new A9 chip offers loads of performance. It's a
dual core chip (two large cores, as compared to six or eight small ones) - but
this offers an advantage with apps that can only use one core at a time.
Needless to say, the new devices are really fast - while booting up, launching
apps, multi-tasking, viewing photos, editing video, gaming and so on.

Anything Else?

Battery life might be a concern for some, given that the new devices have
slightly smaller batteries than before. It's not a major issue since they don't
use much power in standby. You'll still find that heavy users will prefer the 6s
Plus for all day battery life while 6s users will struggle to last the entire
day. The new camera features are a hoot to use: Live Photos (it's like a photo
with embedded mini video), slow motion, 4k video is really good (with optical
stabilisation - and you can zoom into a recorded video) and built in time lapse.

Wrapping up

3D Touch is great and it has been implemented well across the device -
developers will take some time to catch up. Expect it to be a standard feature
from now on. If you have an iPhone 5S or older, the benefits of upgrading are
huge! Performance is blazing fast and these are some of the best cameras you can
get on a smartphone. Like it or not, you can't ignore the prices - India is one
of the most expensive places to buy an iPhone. And the battery life will
continue to be an issue for heavy users. But overall, these two new devices get
a high recommendation.

Specifications: Apple A9 SoC (dual core) with M9 motion co-processor, 2GB RAM,
16 to 128GB storage, global LTE, Bluetooth 4.2, NFC, WiFi ac, Touch ID v 2.0,
5MP front camera, 500 cd/m2 max brightness, 3D Touch, 4k video, Lightning
connector

iPhone 6s: 12MP rear camera with True Tone flash, f2.2, sapphire crystal lens
cover, 4.7-inch IPS LCD (1334 x 750 pixels), 143 grams

Price:

Rs 62,000 (16GB)

Rs 72,000 (32GB)

Rs 82,000 (128GB)

* * * * 1/2

iPhone 6s Plus: 12MP rear camera with True Tone flash and optical image
stabilisation, f2.2, sapphire crystal lens cover, 5.5-inch IPS LCD (1920 x 1080
pixels), 192 gram

Price:

Rs 72,000 (16GB)

Rs 82,000 (32GB)

Rs 92,000 (128GB)

* * * * 1/2

- Excellent performance, superb cameras, super-fast Touch ID, excellent build
quality, useful OS-wide 3D Touch

- 16GB storage is too little for a phone of this capability, screen is the
weakest link when compared to competition, expensive

The A9 'Chipgate' - Does it Matter?

The new iPhones have barely been out a month but the controversies have already
started. Like Antennagate (with the iPhone 4) and Bendgate (with the 6 and 6
Plus), the buzz doing the rounds on social media is Chipgate. It has primarily
to do with the fact that Apple has contracted out manufacturing of its A9 chip
to two companies: Samsung and TSMC (Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company).
While it still is primarily the same design, the Samsung chip uses a 14nm
manufacturing process while the TSMC chip uses a 16nm process. With
software-based performance and battery testing, there is a significant
difference between the two - with TSMC's version coming out ahead on almost all
counts. However, software benchmarks have a habit of testing by maxing out the
hardware and this doesn't translate directly to real-world usage. With the two
devices that Apple lent us, one was a Samsung and the other was TSMC. With real
world usage, the differences fade away to a level where it stops mattering.
After all, will you actually be measuring that a TSMC chip device lasted 15
minutes more than a Samsung chip on a daily basis? There's no way to check which
chip a device has before buying and they're not distributed in any order. If you
have one of the new iPhones and want to check which A9 chip you have, it's
fairly simple. Get a free app called Lirum from the App Store. On the home page,
you'll see details about the model number. If your device has an A9 from TSMC,
it'll say N71mAP or N76mAP. If it's made by Samsung, it'll say N71AP or N66AP.

A 16GB iPhone 6s? Yes or no?

You know that the 's' version in Apple's iPhone line offers mostly internal
upgrades rather than overt design upgrades - it's the 'tick-tock' cycle in
action. This year though, expectations were high that the 16GB entry-level
storage version would be done away with. The justifications are many: storage is
cheaper, the iPhone now has 4k video recording (which can eat up space faster
than you think), photo size has increased, Android flagship competition is
usually 32 or 64GB and app sizes have been growing over the years. Basically,
Apple should not be offering a 16GB version on a device of this class at all. If
you intend to really use the device - with apps, music, videos, lots of photos,
4k recording and so on, you need to get at least 64GB

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

