

TADASHI NEZU, YORIHISA OTA and MOTONOBU KAWAI, Nikkei Electronics staff writer
and Nikkei staff writers

TOKYO/KYOTO -- A teardown of Apple's new iPhone 6s models by Nikkei Electronics
magazine reveals that Japanese and Asian electronic parts makers contribute a
lot to the new features of the latest iPhones.

The U.S. consumer electronics giant continues to rely on Japanese and other
Asian manufacturers for key components of the iPhone, such as cameras, liquid
crystal display panels, sensors and lithium-ion batteries.

One prominent feature of the 6s is the 3D touch. It enables the new models --
the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus -- to sense three different levels of pressure the
user applies to the screen. What's more, the new models are equipped with the
Taptic Engine, which gives the user a more precise level of Taptic, Apple's
feedback vibrator.

Consumer electronics makers often face a host of technical challenges when they
bring new features to their products. To avoid this problem, it seems that Apple
relies on Japanese electronic parts makers for their ability to deliver
technological solutions. "Once again, I realize how much Apple depends on
Japanese makers," said Minatake Kashio, director of Fomalhaut Techno Solutions,
a Tokyo-based mobile equipment teardown company.

Kashio believes Japanese manufacturers, such as Nippon Mektron, Nippon Steel &
Sumikin Chemical, and JX Nippon Mining & Metals, are involved in the supply of
pressure-sensitive sensors used to enable the 3D touch function. According to
his analysis, the Taptic Engine is supplied by Kyoto-based motor maker Nidec and
Chinese micro-component provider AAC Technologies Holdings.

Other components makers are also involved in developing the new functions. We
found that the pressure-sensitive sensors are made by Taiwan-based Zhen Ding
Technology Holding.

Korean parts makers have also been manufacturing iPhone parts. Inside the new
iPhone 6s are LG Display's LCD panel, SK Hynix's flash memory, Samsung
Electronics-made application processors and so on.

Kashio pointed out that Asian countries have also played a crucial role as
production bases. It is true that many key components are made in China and
other countries in the region.

Another new trend is that the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have different types
of Taptic Engine. This could indicate that the iPhone 7 will have more vibration
device functions.

The teardown also showed that a total of 96 pressure-sensitive sensor electrodes
have been laid out in 12 rows and eight columns inside the new iPhones. The
electrostatic capacity between these electrodes and the user's fingers helps
determine the level of force applied to the screen.

Fewer parts

In addition, various features of the iPhone 6s are consolidated into its
large-scale integrated circuit chips. This means the new models use a smaller
number of components, which in turn helps cut production costs.

For instance, the M9 coprocessor, used to process sensor data and other tasks,
has been integrated into the A9 application processor. The A9 appears to be made
using Samsung's 14-nanometer process or Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg.'s 16nm
process, according to the teardown results.

The new iPhones have about 200 fewer passive components, such as multilayer
ceramic capacitors on a printed circuit board, Kashio said. But it is still hard
to believe that the number of passive components has significantly declined, as
the iPhones need a certain number of them to respond to a wide band of
frequencies around the world. Many of those passive parts are suspected to have
been built into the communications module.

Kashio has also noticed that iPhone 6s models use geomagnetic sensors supplied
by Alps Electric, instead of the ones made by Asahi Kasei Microdevices.

As sales of smartphones vary among electronics makers, Japanese makers are vying
to develop parts for iPhones, a strong seller around the globe.

Taptic Engine and Nidec

The Taptic Engine is one of the key new features of iPhone 6s models. Nidec is
believed to be a major supplier of this component. Nidec's linear actuator is
used for the Taptic Engine. The actuator's motor part repeats linear motion,
generating quicker and finer vibrations compared with conventional vibration
motors used in mobile phones and smartphones. Nidec's linear actuators have so
far been used in the Apple Watch.

Indeed, Nidec's two subsidiaries -- Nidec Copal and Nidec Seimitsu --
manufacture those conventional vibration motors and boast the biggest share in
the global micro-motor market. These two companies are mainly responsible for
producing Nidec's linear actuators, an advanced version of these vibration
motors. It seems that Apple highly regards Nidec's product reliability and
quality.

Analysts believe AAC Technologies also won a contract for supplying Taptic
Engine parts for the Apple Watch. But the Chinese maker's products were found
faulty in the initial stages of Apple Watch production. As a result, Nidec
became the sole supplier of Taptic Engine parts to Apple for some time. This
incident has highlighted the high quality of Nidec's products. But with the new
iPhone models, both of these companies are believed to be supplying their
actuators to Apple.

In the smartphone sector, other manufacturers tend to follow Apple's lead and
adopt the new features of the latest iPhone models. This means Nidec could see
potentially huge demand for its linear actuators.

These vibration devices can give the user a button-press feel when he or she
touches the buttom of the smartphone screen. Experts expect this technology to
have a variety of applications in the future, such as remotely controlling
robots with a high level of Taptic feedback.

Nidec's key product has long been hard-disk-drive motors, but the business is
suffering slowing growth due to the maturing PC market. Thus, the company is
shifting its focus to automotive parts, and industrial and home-use motors. For
Nidec, vibration devices were not necessarily its envisioned growth pillar. "I
never imagined that such a market would emerge," said Nidec Chairman and
President Shigenobu Nagamori.

Nagamori is known for his ability to achieve both high growth and high
profitability by adopting and applying excellent technologies to growth markets.
Nidec Copal suffered a huge drop in sales of its digital camera shutter parts
due to the penetration of smartphones, but it has focused instead on automotive
cameras and vibration devices in a bid to return to a growth track.

Similarly, Nidec itself has transformed some of its overseas HDD motor factories
to ramp up output of vibration devices, getting ready to tap into this growth
sector.

