

Click for image

With August already in full-swing, we're just weeks away from Apple taking the
wraps off its next-gen iPhone. And now, thanks to a report from Buzzfeed, we
finally have an idea as to when we can expect to see what surprises Apple has in
store for us when Tim Cook introduces the iPhone 6s.

According to John Paczkowski, Apple's next big event will more than likely take
place on Wednesday, September 9. There, Apple will introduce the iPhone 6s
which, while not sporting any true aesthetic differences, will carry a number of
software and hardware improvements.

Of course, it's a given that the iPhone 6s will come with Apple's next-gen A-x
processor. It's also been reported that the iPhone 6s will finally feature 2GB
of RAM. Both of these additions should help make the iPhone user experience that
much more snappy.

Aside from that, the biggest iPhone 6s feature will likely be the inclusion of a
Force Touch display. While it remains to be seen what type of new gestures Apple
attaches to Force Touch, it's a safe bet that its inclusion will make the iPhone
user experience that much more intuitive and enjoyable.

But the interesting thing about Apple's rumored September 9 event is that it
won't be exclusively focused on the iPhone. On the contrary, Paczkowski writes
that Apple will take the opportunity to also introduce a revamped Apple TV.

As we've previously reported, Apple's next-generation Apple TV is a tactical
overhaul of the dusty set-top box, which hasn't much changed since early 2012.
Sources say the device will feature a refreshed and slimmer chassis and new
innards, Apple's A8 system on chip, an increase in on-board storage, and an
improved operating system that will support Siri voice control. Expected
alongside it, a new remote that sources say has been "drastically improved" by a
touch-pad input and a long-in-the-offing App Store.

The biggest game changer here is of course the inclusion of an App Store. With
such a feature in tow, the Apple TV instantly becomes a force to be reckoned
with in the living room. While it's one thing to mirror games on iOS to your
HDTV, giving developers the opportunity to create console style games for the
Apple TV is exceedingly intriguing.

Of course, we've seen no shortage of reports regarding Apple rolling out its own
TV subscription service alongside the Apple TV, but it appears that such plans
will remain on hold for now as Apple continues to hammer out agreements with
content providers.

What's more, there's even a chance that Apple on September 9 may showcase the
long-rumored iPad Pro. Reportedly measuring in at 12.9-inches, the iPad Pro will
seemingly flesh out Apple's iPad lineup and, if all goes according to plan, can
perhaps provide a much needed boost to what have been slumping iPad sales.

