

By Abbas Jaffar Ali -

The launch of a new iPhone. For many of us, it's the time we impatiently wait
for to upgrade our old device. For Apple it's the time that makes their
quarterly reports look really, really good. But there is another bunch of
"businessmen" that look forward to this time every year. Call them sharks,
scalpers or grey market importers, there's an industry that counts on Apple
selecting a very limited number of countries to launch the new iPhones in, so
they can export it to the rest of the world before Apple does. This can fetch
quite a premium. In fact, at times, these people make more money than Apple does
on each unit.

When the iPhone 6 was released last year, the initial batch of units fetched
almost double the price of what Apple was charging. The 128GB iPhone 6 was
selling close to AED 6000 in Dubai on launch day when it's original price in
Hong Kong was the equivalent of AED 3400. And it was being gobbled up. If you
didn't buy the iPhone 6 in the morning, you'd have to wait for the new stock to
arrive the following day.

This year, Apple released the iPhone 6s in twelve countries on Sep 25 with the
Middle East release date set for for the 10th of October. This gave the grey
market two weeks and I imagine they were looking forward to doubling down on
their "investments" again. Except they failed to realize that the S model
generally doesn't command the premium that an iPhone with a completely new look
does.

I've been monitoring the prices for the iPhone 6s since Friday, which is when
Apple released the new iPhone. Unofficial pre-orders in the UAE started a few
days earlier but the actual units started trickling down on Saturday morning. I
spoke to Omar Kassim, the founder and CEO of JadoPado, one of the region's
fastest growing marketplace platform, on the wholesale pricing levels of the
iPhone 6s following the days of launch. JadoPado has historically sold gray
market imports but has now pivoted into a platform for other retailers.

"Prices fell off very quickly. From the 16GB iPhone 6s being offered at AED 3650
for delivery on Friday September 25th to AED 3122 on Saturday morning, AED 2800
on Sunday morning and AED 2650 this morning. We've seen around an AED 1000
downward spiral in premiums at a wholesale since launch. It speaks to soft
demand at wholesale, and potentially no significant demand from would be
consumers at these price points."

I can somewhat relate to the market sentiment- I buy a new iPhone every year and
although I am upgrading to 6s, I had decided that it won't be at the expense of
overly spending on it. The unit that I am interested in is the 64GB iPhone 6s.
It's retail prices dropped from AED 4,200 to AED 3,300 in a matter of three days
and I picked it up today for AED 3099.

Apple has set the official price for it at AED 2999 when it launches on October
10th but I'm not going to be buying that because the official iPhone has
FaceTime disabled in the region. And I find the 100 Dirham premium acceptable.
Here is a table put together by Omar comparing the rest of the models to
wholesale prices in AED (The prices below are for the Silver/Gold/Gray models-
the new Rose Gold commanded roughly 15% more.)

You can see from the table above that import prices are getting closer to
Apple's official prices- however, there will always be a bit of a premium on
imports because of the availability of FaceTime on these models. Omar added:

"We've heard that wholesale premiums in the US have settled to $20 to $30 a unit
and it feels like pricing is starting to settle. While there isn't huge demand,
Apple tends not to release too much inventory in one go in order to prevent
flooding it's core markets, resulting in supply tightening on some models at
wholesale."

It doesn't look like the imported iPhone 6s will be commanding much of a premium
by the end of this week. That will probably be the best time to buy an iPhone 6s
as any excess inventory will need to be sold fast before the official units with
lower prices hit the market. Importers that were expecting larger premiums for a
longer period will surely be disappointed. That will always be the case with an
S model. However, when Apple changes the design next year, the iPhone 7 is bound
to attract more buyers in the first few days of release willing to pay top
dollar for it.

The question is, will Apple shorten the gap between worldwide releases to kill
off the grey market? While the two weeks time frame between US and UAE release
date is impressive, one week is even more impressive and can tremendously
restrict the grey market.

I'd like to thank Omar Kassim for his valuable input on this article.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/39/144361941724.jpg



