

In a first, Apple has decided to offer discounts on its latest iPhones in less
than a month of their launch, with the Cupertino-based company initiating a
buyback offer on iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, giving consumers a discount of up to '.
34,000 to boost sales.

This is also the first instance when Apple and its distributors are going to buy
back old models under the scheme to ensure that all transactions are genuine and
reduce the burden of the retailer who can push sales further, three senior trade
partners of Apple in India said.

The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus were launched last month in India at ' '92,000 depend
. 62,000-.ing on memory and model, but sales are down 15-20% over last year as
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which hit the market last year, were cheaper by ' .
8,500-9,000.

Ingram Micro, one of Ap

ple's four iPhone distributors, has just rolled out the buyback scheme in a
handful of Apple stores and multibrand cellphone retail chains in South India,
which will be subsequently taken national.The other three distributors will
follow suit since the US company wants to achieve its target of trebling sales
during the October-December quarter compared with the same period last year.

"This is the first time a company and its distributors are

closely monitoring buyback at the retail end to track sales, showing how
desperate Apple is to increase sales in India since it did not expect such a
weak launch for the new iPhones," a senior executive with one of the leading
trade partners said. "Earlier companies offering buyback used to give indirect
subsidy to retailers to compensate and it was the retailer's headache to sell
the old phone, but this time the entire process is driven by Apple," he said.

The buyback price of . 34,000 on the new iPhones ' is against iPhone 6. The
company has informed trade that it will also buy back select high-end hand sets
of rival Samsung. Ap ple has also created a sepa rate website for retailers to
upload details of old hand

sets against which the new models will be bought.

The buyback offer comes at a time when the latest

a time when the latest iPhones are getting sold at 711% discount since last week
on ecommerce marketplaces such as Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon.

Snapdeal's vice-president (category management) Rahul Taneja said various
promotional offers have led to great traction for the new iPhones. "We are
getting or ders for iPhone 6s not only from metros, but also from Tier II
cities," he said.

Last month, during an analyst conference call, the Apple management had ac
knowledged that the higher pricing of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India and some
other markets due to foreign ex change fluctuations has had an impact on sales.

However, the company's chief executive officer Tim Cook was positive about
India's potential in the long run. The India price is . 14,000-16,000 more than
in ' markets such as the US, Middle East, Singapore and Hong Kong. The poor
sales in India are in stark contrast to the global picture where the new phones
are disappearing fast from the shelves.

