

Rating: hhhh£ Available from www.apple.com/uk I'm an "s" kind of a guy. You can
see it right there at the start of my name, all sexy and curvaceous. So I'm
always happy to see Apple's "s" iPhone updates, like they're made just for me
and the other 2.1m Steves in the world, Steve Jobs presumably included. And if
you look beyond the design overhaul that comes with Apple's numerical releases,
you'll see that a lot of the best iPhone features have been slipped into the
biannual "s" update. The iPhone 4s had Siri, the 5s had the Touch ID fingerprint
scanner. And the 6s has 3D Touch.

This new pressure sensitive screen gives you a whole new way of interacting with
your phone. Dig your skinny little digit into an icon and a new menu will pop
up: press on the camera and you get options to "take selfie" or "record video";
try the clock and options to "create alarm" and "start timer" will appear.

It's like Apple has reinvented the right click, which is ironic given it was the
one who deemed it surplus to requirements in the first place.

Apple's own apps are the best showcase: in Mail you can press on an email for a
preview and either release it to spring back to the original list or press
harder to respond. At each stage of your pressing you get little haptic jolts in
your fingertips, like you're massaging the heart of a mouse, to let you know
what's going on.

On the face of it, it's hardly reason to spend £539 (the cheapest contract-free
iPhone 6s), but after a little time this new feature becomes an integral part of
how you interact with your phone (a week later, I'm using it more rather than
less, which puts it ahead of Siri in the usefulness stakes). And it's only going
to get better as app developers work out how to integrate it.

Beyond 3D Touch, improvements are more subtle. In terms of appearance, the 6s is
virtually identical to the 6 (and the 6s Plus identical to the 6 Plus). Which is
fine, because the iPhone 6 is a perfectly decent looking phone. It feels soft
and silky in your hand.

It's not the most exciting handset to have ever rolled out of Cupertino - that
honour goes to the iPhone 4, that slinky black monolith sandwiched between two
sheets of cut glass - but we live in a world where the margins between high end
smartphones are increasingly thin, and the iPhone 6 is certainly among the best.
Oh, and it comes in a new shade of gold, rose gold, which isn't my cup of tea
but you might love it. Who knows who's reading this and what crazy colours
they're drawn to? Not me.

Apple was one of the first manufacturers to adopt the mantra: "faster, thinner,
lighter", something it has achieved in each of its previous iPhone releases
(although not all of its iPad ones). This time it settles for "faster, slightly
thicker, heavier, stronger", which is actually a pretty good compromise. Having
used the iPhone 6 Plus for the last year, I would never have guessed the new
version is a few fractions of a kitten's whisker thicker, although it does feel
heavier in your hand. The latest model is made from a new type of aluminium -
the same used in the Apple Watch - which is more robust and should put paid to
the (mostly spurious) #bendgate stories that dogged the early days of the 6
Plus. The glass is also more shatter resistant, although I've thankfully avoided
testing this.

It's certainly faster than its predecessor, with a new A9 chip and double the
RAM. In real world tests (as opposed to tests that only exist inside the damp
minds of Apple fanboys who work out website loading times in 100ths of a
second), you won't notice much improvement, but it does mean that if you're
planning on sticking with this handset for a couple of years you'll be well
futureproofed.

The same goes for the new 12mp camera: it's excellent, but so was the camera on
the iPhone 6 and unless you're comparing the two under a microscope, you'll
probably struggle to notice the difference.

One thing the 6s does bring to the table is Live Photo, which adds 1.5 seconds
of video before and after the actual photo (accessed by 3D Touching your
picture). On the promotional material it looks great, with family photos brought
to life by cute little snippets of video. In my tests it tended to capture clips
of me with one eye closed before I point the camera up at the sky. Battery life
meanwhile is much of a muchness with the previous generation.

Apple's tagline for this phone is "The only thing that's changed is everything".
And while this is marginally true if you count all the little changes under the
hood, in reality it's a steady if not blockbuster upgrade.

If you're already rocking an iPhone 6, this would be a very welcome but largely
unnecessary luxury. If you bought a Samsung Galaxy 6S in April, you're not going
to be wailing in despair. But if you ask me what's the best phone you can buy
right now, I'd tell you it's this one.

3D Touch gives you little haptic jolts in your finger tips, like you're
massaging the heart of a mouse

