

Apple wants to sell millions more units - so isn't its eco-pitch a bit rich,
asks Lee Suckling .

--------------------

It's hard not to be cynical of Apple's product strategy any more. Another year
(or in this case, half year), another "revolutionary" iPhone.

Slimmer, faster, larger, more expensive. And of course, another reason to
replace a perfectly good device with something slightly more desirable.

The environmentally conscious among us are often left wondering, isn't this
strategy a massive contributor to large-scale consumer waste?

With constant chat about climate change and both commercial and personal eco-
footprints, it's difficult to fathom how buying a new smartphone could possibly
be a good - or, at least, neutral - move for the planet.

At Tuesday's keynote event - hosted by chief executive Tim Cook at Apple's
Cupertino, California campus - the company took the opportunity to prove to us
that it's part of the solution, not the problem when it comes to eco- conscious
consumerism.

Ninety-three per cent of Apple facilities worldwide are run on renewable energy.

All paper and packaging from iPhones are responsibly sourced and sustainable.

All iPhone trade-in programmes see the devices reused in countries such as
India. And when a product doesn't get refurbished, it gets dismantled by a
purpose-built Apple robot named "Liam", which "recovers" materials and
"reintroduces" them into the global supply, Cook said.

In short, Apple wants you, the average consumer, to know it's more than just
21st century capitalist conquests and marketing tricks. How does all of this
line up with Apple's latest product launch?

We're told that Apple is still selling 30 million 4-inch iPhone 5S smartphones
each year, despite the model being more than two years old and having been
surpassed by two larger models.

On April 1, that beloved 4-inch shape will be re-released as the iPhone SE
(Special Edition).

In essence, it's an iPhone 6S in an older body. It has the A9 chip and all of
the other speedy hardware of the 6S series but comes with a more entry-level
price of $749 (16GB).

Rather than dropping the traditionally-accepted $1000+ for a new iPhone, this is
Apple's bid at targeting ordinary consumers who simply want a powerful phone at
an affordable price.

Consider the SE as another part of Apple's global domination goal. It's one more
product offering to convince people to buy into the Apple family if they weren't
already.

The market for phones of this size is one of two types of people: Those who are
entering the world of smartphone ownership for the first time, and those who
simply enjoy a smaller phone for their pocket.

While Cook and his team insist there's plenty reason to "upgrade" to this
device, there's no reason to do so unless you just want a phone that's smaller
in the hand and an easier fit in a snug pair of jeans.

For many consumers, myself included, this is what we're after. I've not used an
iPhone for the last year because I found the 4.7-inch size of the 6S (and even
more so, the 5.5-inch 6S Plus) too aesthetically cumbersome.

I like a smaller phone, and have now been given a reason not to buy the
still-available 5S model (which retails for $799), and instead, go for something
three times faster and $50 cheaper.

There's nothing physically new about the device - in the hand it looks and feels
exactly the same as the older 5S - and everything under its metal unibody can be
found in the iPhone 6S, save for the superfluous 3D Touch feature that was
introduced in 2015.

Though I'll be given a loan model of the iPhone SE when it's released, it's also
a phone I would probably buy for myself.

When asked by a friend who is looking to buy a smartphone for the first time,
potentially a parent or even a grandparent, it's probably the phone I'd
recommend because of iOS's ease of use.

And of course, first-time smartphone users aren't typically interested in
something the size of a small paperback novel like the iPhones 6S and 6S Plus
are.

The only major other product update was a smaller iPad Pro, the same size as the
current iPad Air 2 (9.7-inches).

It's faster than the Air 2 and has some neat features such as Night Shift mode,
which eases night-time eye strain by adjusting the blue light balance.

Hands-on it looks and feels no different to the Air 2, but can now dock to a
keyboard and will likely become a legitimate competitor to the Microsoft Surface
Pro series.

I went in cynical to this product launch and expected another Apple reinvention
of the wheel, and that's exactly what we've been provided with.

I do like knowing, however, that the iPhone SE is the result of consumer demand
and appears to be made with a responsible, waste- less future in mind.

Whether that's an Apple marketing trick or 21st century capitalist conquest on
its own, or not, is up to you to decide.

Lee Suckling travelled to California courtesy of Apple.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple vice president Greg Joswiak introduces the iPhone SE, left, next to its
bigger brothers, the 6S and 6S Plus.

Picture: REUTERS

