

THAT time of the year has come and gone www.again.No, I'm not talking about
Christmas or Easter - I'm on about Apple's annual September event.

This year's took place in San Francisco on September 9 and saw the
California-based tech giant announce the longrumoured iPad Pro and iPhone 6S/6S
Plus, as well as a new Apple TV.

Without a doubt, the biggest announcement is the iPad Pro, Apple's rival to the
Microsoft Surface.

The tablet - as the name suggests - is purely aimed at a business to business
audience.

Its 12.9-inch retina display is perfect for typing out important documents and
emails on the go, and if you're in need of extra precision in this department,
you can get yourself a dedicated keyboard cover. But it's pricey, retailing for
$169 (about £110) in the US.

The iPencil is another dedicated iPad pro accessory. The stylus allows you to
jot down notes and doodles within specialist apps, which, of course, is going to
be handy if you're a creative type.

However, again, it's quite expensive. In the US, it costs $99 (about £65).

Anything else cool? The Pro also comes with Apple's powerful, new 64-bit A9X
chip, with third-generation 64-bit architecture, which the company says is
capable of providing desktop-quality processing power and console-quality
graphics.

You get iOS 9 right out of the box, Apple's new mobile operating system, meaning
access to services like the App Store and Apple Music.

While core apps such as Mail, Notes and Siri have been improved, there are a
variety of new features. In the case of the iPad, you have Split View. This
allows you to do two things at once - perfect if you're busy with work on the
train but want to check out your messages.

The iPad Pro will be available in November, along with the accessories mentioned
above - just in time for Christmas.

It'll be available in three metallic finishes: silver, gold and space grey. As
for memory, you'll have to choose between 32GB or 128GB.

Other big announcements include the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. They're identical in
terms of design when compared to their predecessors - the 6 and 6 Plus - but
that's not to say you need to be disappointed.

They carry a number of exciting internal improvements and headline features.
Most exciting of all is 3D Touch, which introduces new ways to use and
experience the iPhone just by adding pressure to the display.

For example, if you press on the iPhone's display lightly, you're able to peek
at emails in your inbox. And if you want to open one, you simply press a little
harder. Awesome, right? The 6S also comes with a 12-megapixel camera, beefed up
from the eight-megapixel offering we saw on the iPhone 6. Features include
geo-tagging, touch focus, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording,
face/smile detection, HDR and "Live Photos". The latter, which is new, allows
you to reveal the moments before and after a photo was taken just by pressing on
it harder than usual.

There's a five-megapixel camera on the front, too. And what's quite neat is that
when you take selfies, you have the ability to use your display as a flash.

Like the iPad Pro, the 6S is powered by Apple's third-generation 64-bit chip,
A9, which is apparently 70% faster CPU and 90% faster GPU performance compared
to its predecessor, the A8.

What does this mean in reality? A faster performance and supposed improved
battery life.

The 6S and 6S Plus are available to purchase now.

You can get both models in gold, silver, space grey and rose grey - with the 6S
starting at £539 and the 6S Plus.

Prices get more expensive as the memory capacity gets bigger.

Last, but certainly not least, is the new Apple TV.

It runs with the new tvOS operating system - based on iOS - and enables iOS
developers to create apps and games for the Apple TV.

These will be available to download in the new Apple TV App Store.

It comes with the new Siri Remote, which allows you to search for content using
Apple's personal assistant.

While Siri is far from perfect, it's still going to be a useful way to find
stuff you want, instead of sifting through content libraries. The remote's touch
surface also makes things easier. With it, you can fluently browse through
films, games and apps.

It'll be available to purchase in 32GB and 64GB models at the end of October.

