

SanDisk has launched its iXpand memory case for the iPhone 6 and 6S models that
not only brings extra storage to the phones, but also adds on to the battery
life. The case however, is not for iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6S Plus models. The
iXpand Memory Case comes in three variants based on the storage capacities -
32GB, 64GB and 128GB.

These are priced at $60, $100 and $130 respectively. There is no information on
the case's availability and price in India.The case, besides protecting the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S models, features an additional 1900mAh battery. This adds
a great amount of battery backup to the 1810mAh and 1715mAh battery capacity of
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S respectively. The case sports a hard plastic outside
and soft rubber inside.Users can also download and install the iXpand Memory
Case app to automatically back up photos and videos from the camera on to the
case. The case comes with SanDisk SecureAccess software to protect certain files
and media content as well."When connected, the optional battery pack detects
when your phone's battery runs low, and kicks in to charge it. So you can focus
on other things, not whether your phone has a charge," says the website. It is
available in Black, Blue, Red and Light Blue.Last month, SanDisk added a whole
range of new storage products to its line-up of mobile memory products. The
highlight of the upgraded portfolio is the brand new iXpand flash drive for iOS
devices. The next-generation iXpand flash drive has been designed to help users
quickly free up space on their iPhones and iPads. It is available in capacities
of up to 128GB and has a design that allows it to be used with almost all iPhone
/iPad cases.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

