

The launch of the iPhone 7 in September could see Apple finally change the thing
that annoys people most about the iPhone.

Rumours suggest that Apple is planning to ditch its pitifully small 16GB storage
option in favour of a more generous 32GB base model.

The current iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lineup offers customers a choice of 16GB,
64GB, or 128GB storage options.

However, supply chain investigations by Kevin Wang, director of market research
at respected analyst firm IHS Technology, suggest the iPhone 7 base model will
come with with 32GB of storage.

Although the 16GB model is £80 cheaper than the the 64GB version, and £160
cheaper than the 128GB version, many claim it is inadequate for today's digital
storage demands.

Both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are capable of recording 4K video, yet customers
with the entry-level 16GB model are only able to record 45 minutes of 4K footage
before hitting capacity.

With apps, music and photos also taking up space, it can be very difficult for
iPhone users to manage their storage.

It is not clear whether raising the amount of storage from 16GB to 32GB would
result in a price hike for the base model iPhone 7.

However, Apple announced its first ever drop in iPhone sales last month, so
increasing the starting price would be a potentially risky move.

Apple was rumoured to be ditching the 16GB model with the launch of the iPhone
6s in 2015, but eventually decided against it.

Read more: Short of storage on your iPhone? This bizarre trick will
automatically free up more space

Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president of worldwide marketing,
defended the decision, claiming that many users now store their music, photos
and video in the iCloud.

"The most price-conscious customers are able to live in an environment where
they don't need gobs of local storage, because these services are lightening
fast," he said during an episode of The Talk Show podcast.

Other rumours suggest Apple is planning to remove the physical Home button from
the front of the iPhone 7, as well as the headphone jack, forcing people to use
headphones with a Lightning connector.

The new device is also expected to be waterproof, and feature a dual-lens
camera.

Read more: iPhone 7: Release date, price, features and specs - the latest
rumours about Apple's smartphone for 2016

For all other Apple handsets, see our pick of the best iPhone deals this week.

