

Apple launched its flagship iPhone 5S in September 2013 and that was its last
smartphone with screen size of 4 inches. Some were against the move to shift to
a larger screen device, while some felt inferior to Android handsets with large
displays.

At the 4-inch iPhone launch, it was also the time when people thought Apple was
digressing too far from Steve Jobs' ideology to keep a screen size small enough
to be accessed by the thumb at all corners.

Apple gave in to the pressure and launched the iPhone 6 and 6P Plus with screen
sizes at 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch. A lot many welcomed the move, but there was a
strong community of Apple fans that felt the 4-inch iPhone was the best iPhone
in terms of usability and productivity.

iPhone SE launch and product details

Yesterday at an Apple event in its headquarters at Cupertino, California, Apple
unveiled a new 4-inch handset, iPhone SE. Rumours had been going around for
quite some time now and this had kept a lot of Apple fans busy in guessing the
specs.

Just like any other product launch, iPhone SE did not disappoint. Flaunting a
4-inch retina display, the phone comes with exactly the same features as the
iPhone 6S in the body of an iPhone 5S. It even comes in a rose gold colour like
its sibling!

The phone has been launched in 16GB and 64GB variants, starting at Rs 39,000 in
India. SE will sport Apple's latest A9 processor coupled with M9 motion
processor. The camera sensor is same as that in 6S, 12MP iSight camera at the
back which shoots 4K HD video.

Thankfully Apple has put its popular TouchID with Apple Pay feature in the
budget iPhone. Apple 3D Touch is missing from the iPhone but it is just a
gimmick which users will not miss.

Why did Apple launch a 4-inch device after 3 years?

Greg Joswiak, VP - Product Marketing at Apple, said, "Some people simply love
smaller phones. And the 4 inch phone is often their first iPhone. Some people
asked and pleaded with us. So we're calling it the iPhone SE. Our most powerful
4-inch phone ever."

Is Apple too late in listening to its customers? Yes. It is essentially an
upgraded iPhone 5S, because only the internals have changed. The externals
remain pretty much the same. So it is a hybrid between the iPhone 5S and the 6S.


Just think about it, did Apple really launch a smaller iPhone for customers who
demanded a 4-inch iPhone? If you look at Apple's sales in developing countries,
you will notice that most of the iPhones are being bought by the elite group in
the society. iPhones are still a luxury item in India, with prices starting at a
whopping Rs 62,000.

The iPhone SE slips in comfortably under other Android flagships like the Nexus
6P, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Sony Xperia Z5. Now that the features are comparable,
the only thing that differs is the screen size. This could be Apple's strategy
to capture 'affordable luxury' smartphone segment in developing nations.

Another reason by Apple came back after 3 years to launch a smaller iPhone could
also be the fact that iPhone sales have been dwindling globally. For the first
time in history, such a trend has been seen and this could worry Apple.

In fact, iPhone sales are expected to decline further this quarter, even with
the addition of new products in its line-up. Simple theory proves that Android
is gaining popularity and small startups are sprouting up to take advantage of
the open-source Android OS. Chinese and Indian manufacturers are gaining
popularity globally with inexpensive and efficient smartphones that do more than
what an iPhone can.

Lastly, the rebranded 5S and 6S combo iPhone could also allow Apple to enter
developing markets where the 6S and 6S Plus could not make an impact. This looks
like a strong strategy to launch a medium-range smartphone in economies where
Apple is seen as a luxury brand.

Apple is launching the SE in India in April and the launch price is not
attractive for a medium-range smartphone. A $399 smartphone(approximately Rs
27,000) in US comes to India at 1.5 times the price, is this really justice?

It costs about the same as a Google Nexus 6P or its sibling, iPhone 6. Although
the internals have beefed-up, the overall value proposition remains weak. Let's
see how the populace of India respond to the price tag and the smartphone
itself.

