

By tbreak Staff -

While Intel lost out on a lucrative deal with Apple in incorporating its LTE
chips inside iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, 2016 is going to be the company's
year because iPhone 7 is going to feature Intel's LTE chips. According to a
source, Intel's 7360 LTE modem chip is going to be present inside the next
iPhone lineup. However, we are not going to count out Qualcomm out of the
partnership deal immediately because if Intel is unable to provide a substantial
amount of LTE chip units, then Apple would be forced to call in the cavalry in
the form of Qualcomm.

Currently, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus both feature Qualcomm's 9Ã—45 LTE chip,
which has been processed on the 20nm technology. The modem is able to satisfy
Cat 6 speeds, which can download up to a speed of 300Mbps and upload up to a
speed of 50Mbps. The upcoming iteration of chips that are going to be present
inside iPhone 7 will no doubt be able to deliver higher speeds than this, or
Apple could choose to retain Cat 6 LTE modems altogether.

One reason why we believe that Intel is going to be chief supplier for Apple's
LTE chips is because the former already has a foundry that manufactures 14nm
chips, giving Apple the perfect opportunity to sign a deal and begin the design
process. The source also mentions the following:

"Sources with knowledge of the situation say that Apple eventually would like to
create a system-on-a-chip (SoC) that includes both the phone's Ax processor and
the LTE modem chip. A system-on-a-chip design could deliver significant returns
in improved speed and better power management. Apple would design the SOC, which
would carry an Apple brand name, and would license the LTE modem intellectual
property from Intel for the SOC."

Intel is already working on a 10nm process which will be used to manufacture the
company's upcoming Canonlake lineup of processors, so Apple will be looking into
this closely. If everything pans out well for Intel, it could mean curtains for
Qualcomm, at least for 12 months.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/94/144510358260.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/26/144510358434.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/97/144510358553.png



http://imgs.syndigate.info/232/814/78/144510358687.jpg



