

Vodafone India is the latest incumbent telecom operator to agree to increase the
points of interconnect (PoIs) with Reliance Jio Infocomm.The company on Thursday
said it will increase the number of PoIs to three times what it is providing to
Jio at present.

The company's statement comes within days of rivals Bharti Airtel and Idea
Cellular agreeing to augment the PoIs with Jio to service 1.5-crore customers
and 65-lakh customers, respectively. The incumbent telcos, which were initially
defiant, agreed to provide additional PoIs to Jio after the Telecom Regulatory
Authority of India (Trai) called a meeting of all the four parties last Friday.

Jio complained that 75 out of 100 calls made on its network were failing because
the incumbents didn't provide it additio

nal PoIs -these are required to take calls made on one network to another. The
company said it registered a cumulative failure of '52 crore calls made from its
.

network to those of the top three -Airtel, Vodafone and Idea -because of this.

Vodafone said it always provided PoIs to other operators for all their fair,
reasonable and legitimate requirements and would continue to do so.

\x93Following guidance from Trai and clarifications from Jio regarding its
commercial launch,

Vodafone India has decided to in crease the points of intercon nect between the
two operators by thrice and accordingly incre ase the capacity to connect,\x93
the company said in the statement.

The statement said Vodafone was hopeful that all issues that it had raised with
Trai and Jio wo uld be duly considered and re solved at the earliest. It didn't
elaborate. But incumbents in the recent past have asked Trai to reconsider the
call termina tion rate, given the imbalance in the flow of calls. Idea, while on
Monday announcing that it wo uld give additional PoIs to Jio, had said it was
incurring incre asing costs due to asymmetry of traffic. The asymmetry was 14.5
times between Idea and Jio.

It said the cost of termination was much higher than the current interconnect
settlement charge of 14 paisa per minute and that this induced traffic
asymmetry, unless controlled, could exacerbate losses.

Apple Slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Prices by up to Rs 22,000

NEW DELHI In what may prove to be happy news for iPhone 6s and 6s Plus lovers,
US tech giant Apple has slashed the prices of these devices by '22,000, market
sources said. Apple iPhone 6S (128GB variant), which was earlier priced at
'82,000, will now be available at '60,000 after a price drop of '22,000. With
the same price cut, the iPhone 6s Plus (128GB variant) will now be available at
'70,000, the sources said here, though there was no official confirmation from
Apple. Apple's 4-inch smartphone iPhone SE, which was launched in March this
year, also got a price cut. The 64GB version of iPhone SE, available for
'49,000, will now be available at '44,000. Recently, Apple's iPhone 6s was rated
as the world's top-selling smartphone model in the second quarter of 2016.

