

APPLE'S new iPhone models are set to become the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time after the company said it was on track to exceed last year's
recordbreaking opening weekend.

"We are on pace to beat last year's 10 million unit first-weekend record when
the new iPhones go on sale [on] September 25," Apple said. "Customer response to
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus has been extremely positive and preorders this
weekend were very strong around the world."

Pre-orders of the next generation of iPhone opened on Saturday after Apple
unveiled the new devices last week, and many models are already sold out in
certain parts of the world, with consumers already facing weeks of delays for
online orders to be dispatched.

Last year's iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus, became the fastest-selling smartphones of
all time, selling 4m units in their first 24 hours. In the UK, new orders of the
iPhone 6s Plus - the larger of the two models Apple unveiled last week - are not
expected to be released for up to four weeks. In China, the world's biggest
smartphone market and a key target for Apple, all models of the new handset face
a backlog of at least two weeks. This is the first time Apple is taking
pre-orders in China at the same time as the rest of its major markets.

Shares opened 2.3 per cent higher on Monday in response to the positive news.

still listed as being available from September 25, the official date that the
new iPhones go on sale. That is except for the new "rose gold" model, new orders
of which will be dispatched in up to three weeks. Apple introduced the pink-ish
hue for the first time this year, in what is seen as an attempt to appeal to
customers in China.

"While there are still unknowns about inventory levels, we note that China
demand in particular looks very strong out of the gates and is a positive sign
that the white-hot momentum out of this region shows no signs of abating despite
macro headwinds out of China," said Daniel Ives, technology specialist at US
investment bank FBR Capital.

Apple is launching iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12 countries this year. That is
bigger than the iPhone 6 launch, which debuted in nine countries and did not
include China.

Human error Google opts for computers to pick songs

Google's Eric Schmidt has suggested that Apple's music streaming service is a
decade behind the times by opting to enlist human DJs rather than artificial
intelligence to pick songs. The chairman of Alphabet, Google's parent company,
said using software to recommend songs to listeners was "less elitist" and "much
more democratic".

Mr Schmidt did not mention Apple Music by name, but his comments come just a few
months after Apple Music, Apple's to Spotify and other streaming services, was
launched. Apple Music uses human editors.

