

Apple has announced updates to its smartphones, iPad and digital set-top box,
the Apple TV, at an event in California on Wednesday (US time), which saw the
Australian maker of the hit mobile game Crossy Road grace the stage alongside
Apple chief executive Tim Cook.

As expected, Apple showcased the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which visually
resemble their predecessors but have improved cameras, processors and a new
feature called "3D Touch" which reads different levels of screen-touch pressure
to give extra functionality, similar to the "right click" function on a desktop
computer.

Thanks to the low Australian dollar the new iPhones will cost more than last
year's bestselling iPhone 6 models, ranging from $1079 for a 16GB iPhone 6s to
$1529 for a 128GB iPhone 6s Plus.

The handsets will be available in Australia on September 25 in silver, grey,
gold and rose gold, with pre-orders starting this Saturday.

They will arrive with the latest Apple mobile operating system, iOS 9, which
will also be rolled out as an update to existing iPhone and iPad models. The new
software will feature intelligent search features and, for iPad, "advanced
multi-tasking".

The iPhone remains Apple's most important product category by a large margin,
driving nearly two-thirds of the company's $US49.6 billion ($70.3 billion) in
revenue in the most recent quarter.

The revamp to Apple TV brings a new operating system, tvOS, which integrates
with Apple's voice-activated personal digital assistant, Siri.

Siri will respond to casual spoken commands such as "Show me that Modern Family
episode with Edward Norton" by fetching the episode from your library or
streaming service; or she will rewind to what you were watching a few seconds
ago if you ask "What did she say?"

Australian game designer Andy Sum, from Hipster Whale, was invited to showcase a
new version of his studio's hit game, Crossy Road, demonstrating the potential
for tvOS to bring new apps made especially for the big screen.

Mr Cook said the new Apple TV, priced at $US149, but with Australian prices yet
to be announced, was the future of television.

Apple also revealed a new 12.9-inch iPad at the event, the iPad Pro, which it
says is up to 1.8 times faster than previous models and has 10 hours of battery
life. Mr Cook said it was as powerful as a desktop computer. Former rival
Microsoft, and Adobe Systems, partnered with Apple on the new product.

For the first time Apple is also releasing its own optional keyboard and a
stylus, called the "Pencil". Both are compatible with the iPad Pro but not with
previous iPad models.

Also announced was a partnership with French luxury goods maker Hermes, which is
working on a new line of Apple Watch.

with agencies

