

Apple's aggressive sales strategy in India may have backfired to some extent as
bookings for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus have fallen short of expectations, said
some of the compa

ny's trade partners.Against a bold target of tripling prebookings for the
devices, which will be available in India

on Friday , these have risen by just 10-15% compared with last year for the
previous models, the partners said. They said buyers expect lower prices online
once the phone becomes widely available.

Thanks to lower online prices, Apple's ambitious sales target for the new
generation of devices could still eventually be met.

Earlier this year, Apple had allowed its distributors to sell at the lowest
price to the ecommerce channel, leading to a surge in sales after having
followed a conservative line that meant all vendors had to hold their rates at
the companymandated level.

Adding to buyers' hesitation on pre-bookings is price. The entry model costs ' .
8,500-9,500 more than last year's launch price, said the executives cited above.
"Almost a couple of thousand potential customers who we had reached out for
pre-bookings said they would be in a wait-and-watch mode since they feel prices
online would crash two-three weeks after the launch just ahead of Diwali (in
November)," said the chief executive officer of a leading consumer electronics
chain who didn't want to be named.

He pointed out that even during the current online festive sales, the biggest
discounts were on (older) Apple products among mainstream brands. Leading
cellphone and consumer electronics retail chains said they were

forced to reach out to customers for pre-bookings, unlike the previous year when
demand outstripped supply. The India experience thus far runs counter to the
global scenario -Apple recently reported record sales for the latest iPhones
with more than 13 million units sold three days after the initial launch. An
executive at a leading ecommerce company said iPhone pre-bookings have been
muted, largely because of high prices.

OFFERING PRICE PROTECTION

Retail chains such as Big C and Lot Mobile in the south have even offered
'one-month price protection' to drum up bookings. This means that, in the event
of prices dropping in a month, bookers will be paid

the difference. Others have offered instant buyback at 50% of the price for
older iPhone models. These initiatives don't seem to have helped much though.

"We reached out to 10,000 customers but have managed to pre-book just 1,300
models amounting to ' . 6 crore, which is a slight jump over last
year.Expectation of online discount has dampened business," said Lot Mobiles
Executive Director K Krishna Pawan.

Bengaluru-based retailer Sangeetha Mobile's Managing Director Subhash Chandra
said pre-bookings of the latest iPhones were below expectations. "However,
consumers may want to see the models once they are launched and then may buy,"
he said. Apple will launch the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at midnight on October 16
in India. The company has priced the 6s at ' . 62,000 (16GB), . 72,000 (64GB)
and ' ' . 82,000 (128GB) while the largerscreen 6s Plus will cost ' . 72,000
(16GB), ' . 82,000 (64GB) and . 92,000 (128GB). Pre-bookings ' started at the
beginning of the month. Telecom operators such as Airtel and Vodafone have
partnered Apple this year to offer pre-booking plans. Apple hadn't responded to
emailed queries at press time.

