

http://www.investors.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/CLICK02_appl_072516_ap.jpg

Apple[ticker symb=AAPL] is looking to release its 10th-generation iPhone on
Sept. 16, prominent mobile phone news leaker Evan Blass said Saturday.

Apple was widely expected to launch its iPhone 7 in September, but the
VentureBeat reporter was the first to put a specific date on the release. Apple
usually holds a press event to announce its latest iPhone the week before its
release.

The iPhone 7 is seen as an incremental upgrade to the current iPhone 6S series
handsets. Apple is reportedly saving its big leap forward in innovation for next
year's iPhone 8, which will likely use an OLED screen and have a different
external design.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has been a laggard on the stock market of late. The consumer
electronics manufacturer has an IBD Composite Rating of 28, which puts it in the
lower third of publicly traded companies in key metrics. More information on
Apple is available at the IBD Stock Checkup.

The iPhone 7 is already in production, and leaked photos show that it will come
in three models: the 4.7-inch iPhone 7, and two versions with 5.5-inch displays
-- the iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7 Pro. The new high-end Pro model has a
dual-lens rear camera and Smart Connector, which allows connected peripherals to
simultaneously share power and data, Forbes reported. Other Apple watchers
believe the Cupertino, Calif.-based company might decide to release just one
5.5-inch model iPhone 7.

The iPhone 7 series is expected to be thinner than the current iPhone 6S models
because Apple is removing the analog headphone jack. People who want to use
headphones with the iPhone 7 will have to use either Bluetooth wireless headsets
or ones that connect to the digital Lightning port, according to media reports.

Apple stock ended the day down 1.3% to 97.34 onÂ the stock market today, near 97
and testing its 50-day moving average.

[ibdchart symbol="aapl" type="daily" size="quarter" position="leftchart" ]

Apple's chief rival Samsung hopes to upstage its foe by launching its
next-generation phablet several weeks earlier. South Korea-based Samsung is
scheduled to unveil its Galaxy Note 7 on Aug. 2. Samsung's last Note smartphone
was the Galaxy Note 5, released last August.

Samsung is skipping the Note 6 and jumping right to the Note 7 to bring its
phablet naming in line with its flagship Galaxy S smartphone portfolio, the
company said.

Slow Smartphone Demand A Headwind

Overall sluggish smartphone demand remains a headwind for both Apple and
Samsung.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich on Monday said a June survey of 4,168 North
American consumers by 451 Research found smartphone buying interest at its
lowest level since 2008.

"The weakness likely extends globally," he said in a research report. Sales
channel checks in China have indicated a further slowdown in handset sales in
the June quarter and relatively weak 4G subscriber additions, Milunovich said.

The iPhone 7 could perform like the iPhone 6S in the U.S., he said.

The 451 Research survey found interest levels in the iPhone 7 similar to last
year's iPhone 6S. Only 8% were "very likely" and 17% "somewhat likely" to buy
the iPhone 7. That compares with a survey in June 2015 where 8% of respondents
were "very likely" and 16% "somewhat likely" to buy the iPhone 6S.

