

NEW DELHI: Recently some online reports stated that Apple would be refreshing
its iPhone design with the launch of the iPhone 7 this year. The speculations
were supported by the logic that Apple changes the design of its smartphones
every two years. However, according to a new report from The Wall Street
Journal, the iPhone 7 is likely to sport the same design as that of iPhone 6 and
the iPhone 6s models.The report, which cites 'people familiar with the matter',
adds that the rumoured iPhone 7 will be arriving in two variants with 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch displays.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s models too come in same screen sizes.The major design
change is expected to arrive in next year's iPhone model. Next year would also
mark the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. Rumours suggest the 2017
iPhone to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display along with a fingerprint sensor
built over the display. The Home button is said to be completely removed, said
industry sources to the journal. It has also been revealed that one of the
features such as curved screens aren't ready for this year's iPhone model.
However, Apple CEO Tim Cook last month in an interview to CNBC said there is
"great innovation" in the pipeline for the upcoming iPhone devices. "We are
going to give you things that you can't live without that you just don't know
you need today," he said.The industry sources in the report add that Apple's
head of design Jony Ive's desire has been to shrink an iPhone to a single sheet
of glass. The 2017 iPhone design ideas are supposed to move the smartphones in
the same direction.Confirming previous rumours, the report also says that iPhone
7 models will be ditching the 3.5mm headphone jack completely. Users would have
to settle for a lightning connector port, which will also be used to charge the
device. This might not be a welcome change for users as they would either be
able to listen to music or charge their handsets. Doing both simultaneously may
not be possible. Nonetheless, the absence of the 3.5mm headphone jack may result
in a thinner iPhone. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted the
iPhone 7 will be 1mm thinner than the previous model.A separate report by the
Macotara website says that the Cupertino-based tech firm is planning to add a
Navy Blue colour variant in the iPhone lineup. Some concept images have also
been posted on social media websites. In addition, Apple might remove the Space
Gray colour from the series as well. The firm brought Rose Gold colour variant
along with the iPhone 6s.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

