

Click for image

Though the original iPhone camera was nothing special, Apple has made a
concerted effort over the past few years to invest more heavily in camera
technologies and related R&D. Indeed, a recent profile on Apple from 60 minutes
revealed that Apple has no less than 800 scientists and engineers all working on
improving the iPhone's camera quality. Clearly, Apple's commitment towards
improving mobile camera quality cannot be questioned, or perhaps even rivaled.

As a result, the iPhone camera today is arguably the best on the market. Though
the recently released Galaxy S7 has performed well in testing, it stands to
reason that the upcoming iPhone 7 will once again set a new bar for mobile
camera performance.

Specifically, it's largely believed that Apple with the iPhone 7 will implement
a dual-camera system that will result in photographs with less noise, more
clarity and improved color fidelity. What's more, a dual camera system would
improve the ability of the device to maintain image quality and detail when
zooming in while also improving overall low light performance.

While that all sounds great, a new report from reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via
MacRumors) suggests that the feature may only be available on the
larger-screened 5.5-inch iPhone 7 model.

New iPhone shipments to be capped by similar form factor as iPhone 6s & 6s Plus;
top hardware upgrade is dual-camera (5.5-inch model only), though many competing
models with dual-camera will launch soon, joining others already on the market;
first impressions could underwhelm.

While this may be disappointing who find the 5.5-inch iPhone model to be a bit
unwieldy and cumbersome to use, it's not all that surprising. Going back to the
iPhone 6, Apple has always provided an incentive for users to upgrade to its
larger screened iPhone model. With the iPhone 6s lineup, for example, only the
iPhone 6s Plus was graced with optical image stabilization.

As far as other iPhone 7 features are concerned, it's believed that the iPhone 7
will be waterproof and dustproof, will support wireless charging, and will
feature more RAM along with a 256GB storage option. Of course, the most widely
discussed iPhone 7 feature, if you want to call it that, is that the device may
ship without the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack.

While there have been rumblings that Apple is actively exploring the use of OLED
displays, it's believed that we'll have to wait until the iPhone 7s at the
earliest before witnessing a change to Apple's favored display technology.

Lastly, the following video serves to demonstrate the advantage of a dual camera
implementation.

