

After a couple of happy years with the iPhone we have switched to Android and
bought a Google Nexus 5X. We made the change with some trepidation, concerned
that the camera in the Nexus might not be up to the stellar performance of the
iPhone 6s.

The world arbiter of smartphone camera performance is DxOMark Mobile and they
give the Nexus 6P - a bigger phone with the same camera module and image
stabilisation added - a higher ranking than the iPhone 6s and equal to the 6s
Plus. We were sceptical.

Both the iPhone and the Nexus 5X shoot 4K video, and we know from experience
that the iPhone video is superb. Could a phone costing less than half the price
of the Apple device possibly produce video as good? The answer is yes. The Nexus
5X doesn't have stabilisation and neither does the iPhone 6s but if you have a
steady hand this is not a problem. We got smooth video from both.

Both the iPhone and the Nexus - made by LG - have high-definition displays with
good colour right. The iPhone comes with iMovie installed for editing, and on
the Nexus there is a video-editing function that is rubbish. The free Adobe
Premiere Clip works but is no match for iMovie.

There is no problem connecting the Nexus to iMacs or MacBooks. Airdroid does it
wirelessly and Android File Transfer does it from USB-C on the phone to USB-A on
the Mac. Android to Mac connectivity is easier than iPhone to Mac because it
doesn't involve either the awful iTunes or buying a third-party application. And
for Windows the Nexus simply shows up as an external drive under MyComputer.

Comparing still photographs, both produce sharply focused, well exposed, colour
correct images. On the iPhone the Photos app is both a gallery and an editing
program. In Google Photos the gallery function is similar but the editing module
is not as fully featured as Apple Photos. Snapseed or Lightroom Mobile give a
wider range of controls on the Nexus. Both Photos apps sync automatically in the
background with Mac or Windows.

For the 16GB models there is a $500 price difference that we couldn't justify.
The iPhone is more beautiful and comes with bragging rights but it's a lot to
pay for a brand.

REVIEW

FUJIFILM X-Pro2

Price: $2400 body only

THE LOWDOWN

This is Fujifilm's top camera with a new 24 megapixel X-Trans sensor in a tough,
beautifully made magnesium body. It has a version of Fujifilm's hybrid
viewfinder - it can be a straight-through optical bright line finder or an
electronic viewfinder, or combinations of both. There is even an electronic
simulation of a split image range-finder for manual focus. Aperture priority is
set with an old-fashioned lens ring and the shutter speed with a body-top knob.
Set them both to A and it is the equivalent of P on a conventional camera. The
shutter button has a threaded socket for a mechanical cable release. There are
dual SD card slots. ISO speeds go up to 12800 and, yes, it is usable.

LIKE

The image quality is excellent even at high ISO speeds. The outstanding quality
of Fujifilm lenses is almost enough to justify the purchase of the camera. The
classic aperture ring/shutter speed knob selectors is how it should be done.

DISLIKE

The camera is unnecessarily large and heavy. It is heavier than the X-T1 which
has the same size (lower resolution) APS sensor. And placing the viewfinder at
the extreme left of the body makes for awkward handling. And the LCD doesn't
swivel. In 2016?

VERDICT

The Fujifilm X-Pro2 will appeal to the brand fans who own lenses and like the
retro design and the overall feel that this is a camera designed by thoughtful
photographers, combining the best of classic camera design and function with the
advantages offered by digital. For newcomers to the category the excitement may
be muted.

