
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Boot up: Samsung's European PC exit, Stanford's Google pledge, bending iPhone 6
Plus

BYLINE: Charles Arthurtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1238 words

ABSTRACT

Charles Arthur: Plus what focus groups can't tell you, Indian grey market iPhone
pricing, weather forecasting phones, and more

FULL TEXT

A feast of 9 links for you to chew over, as picked by the Technology team

Focus groups are worthless && Medium

Erika Hall:

Everything focus groups purport to give you, you can get through interviews and
contextual interviews, without the unpleasant side effects. Here is what you get
from a focus group:

Opinions that participants are willing to speak in the presence of a group of
strangers.One-on-one interviews can be challenging to get right, but they always
have the following advantages:

· Fast to set up and run.· If one bad participant makes it through the
screening, you can cut your losses and stop the conversation without affecting
other recruits.· You can have the conversation with participants in their
natural environment.

Also worth reading for:

People are lazy, forgetful, creatures of habit. We all are. This is why the mega
bestselling book is called The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, instead of
An Infinite Number of Novel Tasks Performed by Highly Effective People.

Some iPhone 6 Plus owners accidentally bending their iPhones in pockets && Mac
Rumors

"Yesterday, I left at 10am with the iPhone in my left FRONT pocket of my suit
pants. I drove 4 hours to a wedding, which also involved a lot of sitting during
dinner etc but also 2-3 hours of dancing. I left at 2am and went to bed, driving
home 4 hours back.

So in total, the 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly.

As I lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the
drive (yes, sitting again ), I saw the reflection of the window in the iPhones
slightly distorted."

Er, yes.

Exclusive: Samsung exits laptop market including Chromebooks && PC Advisor

Following in the path of Sony and its Vaio PCs, Samsung has decided to exit the
laptop market stopping sales of Ativ Windows and Chromebook devices in Europe,
PC Advisor can confirm.

It's common knowledge that the PC market is in decline with Sony pulling out and
selling its Vaio business back in February of this year. Despite being a giant
of the tech world, Samsung has now followed suit.

Things have been quiet from Samsung this year on the laptop side of things with
no new devices at IFA 2014 in Berlin. The firm's main recent releases have
included the Ativ Book 9 Plus and Ativ Book 9 Lite.

"We quickly adapt to market needs and demands. In Europe, we will be
discontinuing sales of laptops including Chromebooks for now. This is specific
to the region - and is not necessarily reflective of conditions in other
markets," said a Samsung spokesperson.

Sony, Toshiba, Samsung - who's next to retrench?

How the new iPhones could help scientists predict the weather && CITEworld

Somewhat like the way old Androids are:

Researchers are already using data collected from an Android app that measures
barometric pressure. Jacob Sheehy and Phil Jones built the app, called
PressureNet, and have been sharing data collected from it with scientists. They
also let other developers build their technology into third party apps as a way
to further distribute the technology and collect more data.

They launched PressureNet in 2012 and have had 95,000 downloads but only about
22,000 people actively use it, Sheehy said. However, including third party apps,
like Beautiful Widgets, around 300,000 phones are capable of feeding pressure
data to PressureNet.

So far around 300 people have signed up to use the data from the app, 100 of
whom are researchers. But only around 10 or so are active, Sheehy said.

That's the real problem - getting scale.

Now you can quickly share the best parts of your GoPro videos, with BrightSky
Labs' App '10' && TechCrunch

The 10 app was created to reduce the friction GoPro users currently have when
finding and editing videos to share. Currently, anyone who attaches a GoPro to
their snowboard, surfboard or any other device usually ends up waiting until
they get home and upload videos to their computers before being able to access
them. Then they have to go through the trouble of sorting through all the
content they recorded for just the choice bits and cut them down before
uploading them to YouTube or other networks.

BrightSky Labs hopes to simplify that process, which they believe will make for
a lot more shareable and shared GoPro content making its way online. The 10 app
makes it simple for extreme sports enthusiasts to finish recording, check out
the videos they've recorded, and get right back to the slopes or the surf, or
whatever it is they're being extreme on.

Stanford promises not to use Google money for privacy research && ProPublica

Stanford University recently declared that it will not use money from Google to
fund privacy research at its Center for Internet and Society, according to a
legal filing made by the school.

"Since 2013, Google funding is specifically designated not [to] be used for
CIS's privacy work," the university said in the court filing, found by
ProPublica in documents filed in an unrelated lawsuit.

Stanford's Center for Internet and Society has long been generously funded by
Google, but the center's privacy research has proved damaging to the search
giant in the past two years. Two years ago a researcher at the center helped
uncover Google privacy violations that led to the company paying a record $22.5m
fine.

Academics not happy, and prepared to say so publicly.

Watch this madman fix the iPhone 6's biggest design flaw with a grinder &&
Gizmodo UK

The industrial design of the iPhone 6 is close to flawless... except for one
flaw so weird, so major, that it's maddening: the fact that the camera protrudes
from the body of the phone, meaning it never lies completely flat and gets
caught on all kinds of stuff.

The perfectionists at PeripateticPandas have a solution, and it involves
industrial machinery.

Maybe iron out the lumps on the Samsung Galaxy Alpha next?

iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus hit India's grey markets, prices touch Rs 140,000 for
the 64GB iPhone 6 Plus && BGR India

Apple will be launching the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on October
17. With less than a month to go for the official launch, the smartphones have
hit India's grey markets, with prices touching a ridiculous Rs 140,000 for the
iPhone 6 Plus 64GB variant.

In Delhi's grey markets, the 16GB variant of the iPhone 6 is priced as much as
Rs 80,000. The bigger iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Rs
120,000 for the 16GB variant, and Rs 140,000 for the 64GB variant.

Last year, before the iPhone 5S was officially launched, it too hit the grey
markets in India. It retailed for around Rs 75,000 for the 16GB variant, and the
rare gold colored variant was available for as much as Rs 115,000.

Rs 140,000 is about £1,400; the iPhone 6 Plus 64GB retails for £699 in the UK.

iPhone 6 and 6 Plus battery life: how long they last && Tom's Guide

We saw how the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus compared to the Samsung Galaxy S5 in
terms of performance, but how well do Apple's new smartphones stack up to the
competition when it comes to battery life? We ran our battery test over the
weekend to find out.

Answer seems to be: battery life follows a basic law of physics, so endurance is
almost exactly proportional to capacity.

You can follow Guardian Technology's linkbucket on Pinboard

To suggest a link, either add it below or tag it with @gdntech on the free
Delicious service.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                              CourierMail Edition

Getting to bottom of iPhone bending

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 500  words


AFTER all the fuss of Bendgate last week, you wonder if the bloke in charge of
the iPhone 6 sit test has been given a kick up that apparently insufficient bum.

If Bendgate passed you by, here is a summary. Apple sold lots of its new iPhones
and everyone was happy. Some of the people it sold them to sat on them, causing
their Apples to look more bananas and then nobody was happy.

OK, that's not quite right. LG, Samsung and others were happy that Apple wasn't
happy and took to Twitter with gusto to make hay while the sun of Bendgate did
shine.

There are a lot of things that can be said about smartphones that unfortunately
bend. Firstly, they shouldn't. Unwanted shape changing should never be a
feature. Secondly, you shouldn't sit on a smartphone in a way that might make
them bend.

Let's put the Bendgate debacle into context. Apple has sold millions of phones
since the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and only nine people have complained
that their iPhone 6 developed a kink.

One bloke uploaded a video of him bending his new iPhone 6 Plus but then
eagle-eyed doubters noted time discrepancies on his bendy iPhone, suggesting the
guy was bending time as well as matter.

Another self-appointed iPhone 6 Plus tester drove a BMW over an iPhone, proving
the phone didn't break when run over and that he's a sucker for expensive
brands.

It got to the stage where one technology reporter, describing his overly
generous buttocks in reassuring readers that the iPhone 6 Plus liked big butts
and he could not lie.

In the days that followed, while Apple rounded off an already bad week by
releasing a software patch that inadvertently stuffed people's iPhones, the
technology company invited some journalists into its iPhone testing lab.

Part of the testing involves putting the iPhone 6 Plus in the pocket of a pair
of skinny jeans worn by a designator sitter and recreating Romper Room - bend
and stretch and reach for the sky.

Apple's revelation that it submits its technology to extensive testing
prerelease is no surprise. I've seen a robotic hand at Microsoft test the
durability of the Xbox One controller to make sure it would survive rigorous
thumb action.

Maybe Apple need a robot like Microsoft's but one modelled on Nicki Minaj or Kim
Kardashian.

Maybe Apple needs to lead the campaign to ban skinny jeans. Maybe the only
surprising part from the land of an obesity epidemic was that whoever Apple
employed to sit on their iPhones apparently wasn't a heavyweight in the right
department.

A week is as long a time in business as in politics but things can easily
change.

The Wall Street Journalreported last week that Coke turned around a 10-year
slump when it started putting names and random words on its cans and bottles.

The furore of Bendgate will fade and people will either love or hate Apple
products depending on whether they already love or hate Apple products.

And if you think having a bent iPhone 6 Plus would be a pain in the bum, don't
do dumb things with smartphones.rod.chester@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Apple sales soar after launch of iPhone 6

LENGTH: 304  words


The record-breaking launch of the iPhone 6 has seen Apple secure 40 per cent of
British smartphone sales, its highest level yet.

The September launch sent Apple's share of sales up 10.4 percentage points,
according to the latest figures for the three months to October from Kantar
Worldpanel ComTech.

The figures show early adopters of the iPhone 6 are typically 16 to
24-year-olds, who made up 34 per cent of sales, and male (64%).

The top reasons shoppers gave for choosing the iPhone 6 were 4G capability
(51%), screen size (49%) and design (45%).

The iPhone 6 outsold the larger 6 Plus version by four to one, Kantar Worldpanel
said.

But it said every new iPhone release saw a significant increase in Apple's share
of sales, and this occasion was no different.

Across Europe, Android sales still lead at 69.4 per cent despite falling 2.5
percentage points. while Apple's iOS is up 5.7 percentage points to 20.7 per
cent due to the iPhone 6.

Windows is in third place with 8.7 per cent of the market.

Kantar Worldpanel ComTech strategic insight director Dominic Sunnebo said:
"Apple has experienced a huge jump in sales share across almost all major
markets thanks to the launch of the iPhone 6.

"In major European economies, the US and Australia, Apple's share of sales has
risen. This success is particularly evident in Great Britain where Apple now has
its highest ever share of sales, with 39.5 per cent.

"Most of these sales were driven by loyal Apple users. Some 86 per cent of
British buyers upgraded from an older iPhone model.

"Only five per cent switched across from Samsung."

The launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus led to Apple reporting a net profit of
$8.5 billion  (£5.3bn) for the final quarter of 2014.

The figure is one billion higher than the same quarter last year, and revenue
was also up by almost $5bn (£3.1 billion)

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Apple iPhone 6 pre-orders hit record 4 million on first day

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 456 words


Apple Inc said many customers will need to wait until next month for their new
iPhones after a record 4 million first-day pre-orders were logged, double the
number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.



The company said demand had outstripped supply of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which feature larger screens and longer battery life. Deliveries of
pre-orders will begin on Friday and will continue through October.

Bumper first-day pre-orders point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million
units, analysts estimated.

"Assuming preorders are similar to the 40 percent of first weekend sales for the
iPhone 5, this would imply iPhone 6/6Plus first weekend sales could be around 10
million," Wells Fargo Securities analysts wrote in a note.

About 2 million pre-orders were received for the iPhone 5 in the first 24 hours
after it went on sale in September 2012. Apple sold 5 million of these phones in
the first weekend.

Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs, which were launched last year, in the
first three days in stores. The company did not reveal pre-order numbers for
these phones.

Raymond James analysts said they expect sales of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to
top 9 million in the first weekend.

"Apple will be selling every iPhone it can make, at least through October.
Because of this, the first weekend sales are typically more indicative of supply
than demand," they said.

The company routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in
years that involve a smartphone re-design.

Apple's website showed last week that the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models
displayed a wait time of up to a month. The 4.7-inch version was available for
delivery on Sept. 19.

Janney Capital Markets analysts said the large number of pre-orders was due to
"pent-up demand" for bigger iPhone screens.

The brokerage raised its sales estimate for the latest iPhones to 37.4 million
units for the current quarter and 60 million for the quarter ended December.

"We believe significant demand will even spill into the March and June quarters
given supply and the timing of shipments in China," Barclays analysts wrote in a
note.

The company said the new iPhone models will be available to customers in its
stores in the United States, Canada, Australia and some other countries on
Friday morning.

AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp, T-Mobile US Inc, Verizon Wireless and some Apple
authorized resellers will also start selling the phones on Friday.


The phones will come equipped with Apple's new payments service, "Apple Pay",
which launches in the United States next month and allows users to pay for items
in stores with their phones.

Apple's shares were up less than 1 percent at $102.92 Monday afternoon.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

iPhone case sellers ahead of the game

BYLINE: Mandy Zuo mandy.zuo@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Pg.3

LENGTH: 322 words


This week,  Apple unveiled its iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus, but at
factories in the mainland hub of Guangdong production of cases and other
accessories for the  phones started three months ago.

Details about the company's new products, supposedly confidential before their
official launch, have been more frequently and accurately disclosed in recent
years.

David Chan, a sales manager  at Guangzhou-based mobile phone case supplier SLT
Communication Equipment, said the company would traditionally start  selling
cases for the latest iPhones several months before their release, and  would
offer free replacements  if the products did not fit  the  phones.

"For the iPhone 4 we suffered quite a loss  because Apple did well in
maintaining secrecy, but  for iPhone 5 and 6 there was no such problem,"  said
Chan.

Accessories for the iPhone 6 have already flooded China's largest online
marketplace, Taobao.com. All sellers the                South China Morning Post
approached promised their products would precisely  fit new iPhones.

"We have tried them out with a real iPhone 6. We specialise in this industry, so
we definitely have a way to get the information," said Qing Xiangying, owner of
a mobile phone accessory shop in Shenzhen.

Chan said a major channel for such information was their clients. "Among our
clients there are telecommunications operators, and they would give us the data
to produce the right accessories," he said.

China Telecom, one of the mainland's three telecom operators and an Apple
partner in China, gave details of the iPhone 6 in an advertisement for
pre-ordering the phone on its  website four days before Apple's official launch.
China Mobile followed suit three days later.

As early as June, Taiwanese actor Jimmy Lin Chih-ying  posted on his Weibo
account a photo of himself holding  what he claimed  was an iPhone 6, which
turned out to be the same as  the final product.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  Companies selling iPhone cases had advance notice of
the new products' dimensions.                    Photo: SCMP Pictures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

iPhone sellers may dial down prices;
Parallel traders are trying to shift stock before Apple's latest device goes on
sale on mainland. But some are confident they'll still find buyers

BYLINE: Elizabeth Cheung elizabeth.cheung@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; City; Technology; Pg.1

LENGTH: 459 words


Parallel-goods traders  are under pressure to slash prices for the iPhone 6,
with demand from over the border expected to fall after Apple said it would
start selling the smartphone on the mainland from mid-October.

More than 40 sellers gathered outside the Apple Store  in Causeway Bay
yesterday, eager to sell their remaining stock of the iPhone 6 before prices
fell.

Mainland consumers have been buying up the phone in Hong Kong after missing out
on its global launch on September 19 because of licensing problems.

But the US company's announcement on Tuesday that it would be available on the
mainland from October 17 had hit sales in the city, one trader said.

"The price is sure to drop," the man, who was selling the 16GB iPhone 6 at
HK$6,400, said. He had bought several hundred phones in a bid to cash in on the
mainland delay; now he has two weeks to offload the remainder.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus had passed tests and been issued a telecoms network access licence, but
only after the company gave assurances about users' privacy and security.

A 16GB iPhone 6 will cost 5,288 yuan (HK$6,670), while the slightly bigger
iPhone 6 Plus with the same amount of storage will be priced at 6,088 yuan.
Customers can start ordering online on October 10 and collect the product seven
days later.

In Hong Kong, the two phone models are officially priced from HK$5,588 and
HK$6,388, respectively. The launch last month saw speculators selling the phones
for up to double the original prices.

Those who want to sell their iPhone 6 to parallel-goods traders will also be
under pressure to lower their prices.

Some traders have stopped accepting new phones, fearing they will be left with a
surplus.

But other sellers in Hong Kong are confident of continued sales to mainland
customers, as their prices are slightly cheaper than the official retail prices
on the mainland.

One vendor in Causeway Bay, who has been selling the iPhone 6 for a week, had
about 10 of the devices left and did not believe it would be difficult to sell
them.

Another vendor, Kenny Kwok, wasn't fazed by the mainland launch. "I'm not
worried as there are quotas for individual purchases," he said. "If the quotas
are used up, the price will rise."

Buyers who pre-registered in Hong Kong ahead of the smartphone's launch were
limited to two units.

Kwok has sold three phones and has another three to sell. His friend, Bee Kwong,
managed to find buyers for two phones within just three hours yesterday, he
said.

But Xiayao Wanting, a mainland tourist checking prices outside the Causeway Bay
store, said: "If the price is the same as on the mainland, I would prefer to buy
the phone back home because it comes with a warranty."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}6,670                ; The cost, in HK dollars, of a
16GB iPhone 6 on the mainland; it sells for HK$5,588 in HK

GRAPHIC:                  More than 40 parallel-goods traders were trying to
sell their stock outside the Apple Store in Causeway Bay yesterday.
Photos: May Tse
                 Some traders have stopped accepting new iPhones.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                     September 14, 2014 Sunday 12:06 PM GMT

iPhone 6: Shortage fears eased as supplier says customers WILL receive handsets
on release date;
Rumours of supply delays recede as the frenzy to get hold of the iPhone 6
gathers pace and leading supplier Verizon confirm they have begun dispatching
the handsets

BYLINE: By Chris Gee

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE

LENGTH: 275 words


Apple customers will receive their iPhone 6 handsets on its release date,
despite rumours of shipping delays, according to the supplier.

There has been unprecedented anticipation and record pre-sales for the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus, which led to rumours of a shortage of the product for
those hungry to experience the handsets at the first opportunity.

But according to a source at leading supplier Verizon, both the smartphones have
started their shipping transit and a due to arrive with early-bird phone punters
on September 19, the day the new models are set to hit retail shops.

Sources also say that at least 80% of pre-orders are expected to be delivered on
the launch day.

Fans of the Apple products are expected to besiege retailers on Friday to pick
up the phones, with large queues sure to form the before opening.

Apple revealed the much anticipated iPhone 6 and iWatch at a packed press event
this week, ending months of waiting for gadget fans.

The iPhone comes in two sizes and has a larger screen than previous incarnations
.

It'll also do contactless payments, has an upgraded camera and vastly improved
battery life.

As with the iPhone 5s, the 6 and 6 Plus will both be available in Silver, Space
Grey, and gold. All three colours will be available at launch.

The storage options have been upgraded for the 6 and 6 Plus. The base storage
remains at 16GB, but above that it jumps to 64GB. A new 128GB option has been
introduced, and the 32GB option has been removed.

The iPhone 5S is still available in 16GB and 32GB, and the 5C is still available
with 8GB.

Will you be getting the iPhone 6 within a week of it going on sale in the shops?



LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           September 11, 2015 Friday

New iPhones to arrive in Nepal mid-Oct

LENGTH: 258 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://assets-cdn.ekantipur.com/images/third-party/money-finance/1109201508
2105APPLE-PRODUCTS-600x0.jpg" /> Kathmandu


Kathmandu, Sept. 11 -- Apple's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will arrive in the
domestic market by mid-October, said Generation Next, the authorised distributor
in Nepal

"Generally, it takes around one month for products to arrive in South Asian
markets after the unveiling, so we expect the phones to be launched here by
mid-October," said Pawan Kumar Bhimsaria, managing director of the company.

Although Apple has announced that the latest models would cost the same as the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Bhimsaria said that prices in the domestic market
would be determined by the exchange rate of the US dollar.

Last December, Generation Next acquired an Apple dealership with the launch of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. According to the company, it has sold 3,200 units of
the two models in Nepal.

"At the time we ordered the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the exchange rate was Rs101 per
$1. Now the US dollar has risen, so we have to wait for the pricing," said
Bhimsaria.

The 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus has a price tag of Rs94,499 presently. Similarly, the 16
GB iPhone 6 costs Rs83,999.

"The company has discontinued production of the 128 GB model, but the entire
colour and storage options that were recently launched in the US will be
available in the domestic market too," said Bhimsaria.

According to the company, the iPad Pro will arrive between November and
December.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

RING UP A RECORD iPhone 6 sales boost Apple profits into orbit

BYLINE: James Covert

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 555 words


The numbers are in and it's official: The iPhone 6 is a monster.

Apple disclosed Tuesday that it sold a mind-blowing 74.5 million iPhones during
its holiday quarter, as shoppers snatched up the sleek new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
models that boasted faster processors and thinner bodies with bigger screens.

The popularity of the new models goosed the Cupertino, Calif., tech giant's
earnings to $18 billion - by some measures the biggest quarterly profit ever to
be reported by a publicly traded company - as revenue climbed 29 percent to
$74.6 billion.

Apple ended the quarter with a whopping $178 billion in cash on its balance
sheet - a figure that exceeds the market value of any number of corporate
giants,the including Walt Disney, AT&T and Bank of America.

'This volume is hard to comprehend," CEO Tim Cook told analysts on a conference
call.

On average, Wall Street expected that 66.5 million iPhones would be sold.

Doing the math, Cook noted that, for every day of the quarter ended Dec. 27,
Apple sold about 34,000 iPhones per hour.

Cook added that Apple sold its billionth device running on its iOS operating
system during the quarter - a space-gray iPhone 6 Plus, he said.

Indeed, the larger-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models appear to be luring
customers away from archrival Samsung. The trend is striking, as last year many
pundits were convinced that Samsung's big-screened Galaxy smartphones were
poised to relegate the iPhone to second-class status.

"The current iPhone had the highest Android switcher rate in past three years,"
Cook gushed, referring to Google's Android mobile operating system, used by
Samsung and other rivals. "We are bullish on product, very, very bullish."

But demand for the new, larger iPhone models - up 46 percent in the most recent
quarter after several periods of lackluster growth - also appears to be eating
into demand for Apple's own iPad tablets.

Sales of iPads tanked 17 percent to 21.5 million units from the year-earlier
period, with iPad prices also dropping. Some analysts supposed that the
larger-screened iPhone 6 Plus has been sapping away sales of iPad Minis.

Cook insisted that he wasn't concerned about flagging iPad sales, noting that
there was room for growth overseas.

Looking ahead, Cook said the launch of the company's new Apple Watch is on
schedule and that it will hit stores in April. Analysts' predictions about
demand for the watch have varied wildly, with many fretting that it will be too
small, too expensive and too redundant for most consumers who already have
iPhones.

"My expectations are very high," Cook said. "I use it every day and I love it
and I couldn't live without it."

Elsewhere, Cook said the new Apple Pay platform is off to a good start,
accounting for two out of three contactless payments at retail stores, although
the market remains small. Mobile payments at Whole Foods are up 400 percent
since Apple Pay was introduced, he said.

Apple shares, boosted by the boffo sales report, gained 5.8 percent in
after-hours trading to $115.40.

PRIZE CATCH

Apple's Tim Cook has proved himself big time, landing these kinds of numbers
after the longawaited launch of the new iPhone.

Earnings per share

Actual $3.06

Estimate $2.06

IPHONE 6 SALES

Actual 74.5M

Estimate 66.5M

jcovert@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PRIZE CATCH: Apple's Tim Cook has proved himself big time, landing
these kinds of numbers after the longawaited launch of the new iPhone. (Post
photo composite)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

TRA issues advisory against fake iPhone 6 handsets

LENGTH: 349  words


It seems that a lot of counterfeit iPhone 6 units have entered the UAE as it has
prompted the Telecom Regulations Authority (TRA) to issue a statement generating
awareness. The following is the statement issued by TRA: In cooperation with
concerned parties, the UAE TRA conducted an official investigation into reports
of illegal and counterfeit iPhone 6 [...]
The post TRA issues advisory against fake iPhone 6 handsets appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

It seems that a lot of counterfeit iPhone 6 units have entered the UAE as it has
prompted the Telecom Regulations Authority (TRA) to issue a statement generating
awareness. The following is the statement issued by TRA:

In cooperation with concerned parties, the UAE TRA conducted an official
investigation into reports of illegal and counterfeit iPhone 6 handsets on sale
in the UAE. As a result of the investigation, a series of counterfeit iPhone 6
handsets have been confiscated in various locations across the UAE. Based on the
investigation, the TRA have issued a series of recommendations to the public to
generate awareness of the trade of such illegal devices and to prevent the
purchase of them.

This move from the TRA falls in line with its wider strategy that seeks to
prevent the sale of unlicensed goods and protect the interests of the consumer.
The timing of the announcement follows the demand from the UAE public for the
iPhone 6 handset.

The Type Approval department of the TRA will continue to work alongside all
relevant bodies to tackle the trade of illegal devices in the UAE.

Instructions issued by TRA urges the public to consider the following:

Only purchase iPhone handsets from official Apple retailers.

Before purchasing any device, check the official Apple website to ensure the
features of the phone matches the handset's box and packaging.

Always retain the receipt when making a purchase and inform the police
immediately should a device be found to be counterfeit.

Counterfeit iPhone 6 devices will not be able to connect to iTunes.

The post TRA issues advisory against fake iPhone 6 handsets appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone shipments delayed;
Apple

LENGTH: 523 words



HIGHLIGHT: Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on
Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's
latest smartphones strained available supply.


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's
iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's latest
smartphones strained available supply.

The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on Sept. 19 in the United States but the company
began taking online orders on Thursday. While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models
now display a wait time of up to a month, the 4.7-inch version remains available
for delivery on Sept. 19, Apple's website showed.

Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to six
weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far
outstripped any of its previous iPhones.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or
through the Apple Store App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said. Apple routinely
grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a
smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens and some
analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.
Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because the need to
redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, supply chain sources
told Reuters last month. It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the
number of phones available to consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple
declined to comment on supply chain issues. In addition, Chinese customers may
also have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is
yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market. The
company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments
service on Tuesday. AT&T's chief executive of mobile and business, Ralph de la
Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6 orders have so
far surpassed orders last year and the year before. "It is such a great thing to
wake up in the morning to know that you have hundreds of thousands of orders
already before you even have a cup of coffee," said the executive. Apple's
iPhones tend to incite the kind of initial buying frenzy unknown to many other
brands, partly because of the company's well-honed marketing tactics. On
secondary markets online, the rights to a pre-ordered iPhone 6 Plus are worth as
much as double the unsubsidized sticker price. One eBay auction for an unlocked
128-gigabyte gold version of the 5.5-inch phone, for example, was bidding at
dollar 1,625 on Friday afternoon, compared with a face value of dollar 949. One
post on the New York City edition of Craigslist sought dollar 10,000 the
privilege to "be one of the first & few people to own this model and before the
rest of the world." New iPhones tend to get listed at stratospheric prices on
various online retail sites from the United States to China, on the assumption
that there's big demand from people who must get their hands on the phone from
day one. That in turns fuels a grey market of dealers who buy in bulk for
resale. (Reuters) For more visit: www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Unveils the New iPhone 6 and 6 Plus With Bigger Screens

BYLINE: Bryan Bishop

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 480  words


After months of speculation and leaks, Apple has unveiled its latest flagship
smartphones: the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The announcement came during a live event
at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino.

The 6 features a 4.7-inch display, while the 6 Plus is equipped with a 5.5-inch
screen. Both feature an anodized aluminum back, and what Apple is calling
"Retina HD" displays - a step forward from the Retina branding used in the
current iPhone 5s and 5c. However, despite the increase in size the phones are
actually thinner then the current models; during the company's presentation this
morning, Apple's Phil Schiller noted that the iPhone 6 is 6.8mm thin, with the 6
Plus coming in at 7.1mm. The company's current flagship 5s, already a thin phone
in its own right, measures 7.6mm in thickness.

The bigger size also translates into longer battery life. Apple is claiming that
the iPhone 6 boasts 10 hours of standby time (the same as the iPhone 5s), with
the iPhone 6 Plus coming in at 16 hours. For audio playback, the company is
claiming 50 hours of battery life for the 6, and a whopping 80 hours for the 6
Plus (the iPhone 5s is rated at 40 hours of batter life for audio playback.) The
6 Plus also gets a bump when it comes to the camera; it will feature optical
image stabilization to provide cleaner, clearer photos. Both of the new phones
shoot 1080p video at either 30 or 60 frames per second, along with Apple's own
slow-motion mode.

Both phones will also feature Apple's new mobile payment system called Apple
Pay, which will let owners pay for goods and services with a tap of their phone.

The new iPhones will come in three colors - gold, silver, and what Apple calls
"space grey", with the basic model coming in at $199 on-contract for 16GB of
storage. The $299 model will come with four times the storage - 64GB - while the
$399 model will include 128GB of storage for music and media. The 6 Plus starts
at $299 for 16GB, with $399 and $499 models coming in at the same storage specs
as the 6. Both phones will be available on Sept. 19, with pre-orders starting
this Friday, Sept. 12.

Rumors have indicated that Apple would be introducing two larger models of its
phone since earlier this year, with size being the biggest differentiator. Since
the introduction of the original iPhone back in 2007, Apple's devices have
stayed on the smaller end of the smartphone spectrum. The first model had a
3.5-inch screen, and it wasn't until 2012 with the the iPhone 5 that Apple
decided to incorporate a taller, 4-inch screen into the lineup. In the meantime,
however, phones from other smartphone manufacturers have incorporated larger
screens that let users access more content at a single glance. With the
introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple has the opportunity to compete
against those larger devices.

Email: Bryan.Bishop@thr.com Twitter: @bcbishop

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 21, 2015 Thursday 3:54 PM GMT

Has Apple leaked the iPhone 6C on its own site?;
Image advertising new iPhone Lightning charging dock has picture of what appears
to be an updated iPhone 5C with a new Touch ID sensor

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 349 words


Apple appears to have leaked an updated version of its cheapest smartphone, the
plastic-backed iPhone 5C, now with a Touch ID sensor.

The image used to advertise Apple's new iPhone charging dock with a lightning
connector shows an iPhone 5C with a red plastic back, but with a Touch ID
fingerprint reader where a regular home button should be.

The iPhone 5C, released in September 2013 at the same time as its then
top-of-the-range iPhone 5S, had similar specifications to the iPhone 5 from
2012. It did not have a fingerprint scanner, but used Apple's older, simple home
button.

The iPhone 5C was not updated in September 2014 during the announcement of the
larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, leading many to speculate that Apple's
experiment with a cheaper, less powerful iPhone had ended with the 5C.

Since the release of the iPhone 6, which made the smallest current iPhone start
with a screen size of 4.7in, experts had speculated that Apple might introduce a
smaller, cheaper iPhone with a screen size of 4in, matching those of the iPhone
5S and older smartphones.

It is possible that Apple will release a new version of the iPhone 5C, possibly
called the iPhone 6C, in September when it is expected to reveal updated iPhones
as part of its yearly refresh cycle.

If so, an iPhone 6C is likely to feature lower-powered components compared with
its higher-end iPhones, but is expected to feature a Touch ID sensor, which was
also added to Apple's iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 tablets in October last year.

Having a Touch ID sensor fitted to all of Apple's portable devices beyond its
laptops would allow the company to consolidate its security and software systems
around the fingerprint-recognition technology and provide support for Apple Pay
- which uses Touch ID to authenticate payments - through all the company's
smartphones.

Apple has not replied to a request for comment.

· Phablets take bigger share of US smartphone market as trend spreads

· Apple Watch review: beautiful hardware spoiled by complicated software

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone fever spreads to area

BYLINE: Dennis Seid, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


Sept. 20--TUPELO -- Jody Dill of Mantachie spent 16 hours waiting to buy the
bigger, better, faster Apple iPhone 6, getting to the AT&T Wireless store on
North Gloster Street Thursday afternoon at around 4 p.m.

The store opened at 8 a.m. Friday, and his long wait paid off, as he was able to
buy the sole iPhone 6 Plus available at the store.

"I wanted the white one, but I'm getting the black one today because I didn't
want to wait," he said.

But Michael Cox waited even longer than Dill for his iPhone 6.

The Pontotoc resident was first in line at the nearby Verizon Wireless store,
having secured his spot Wednesday afternoon.

Cox spent two nights keeping occupied playing video games, plugging into the
outside wall socket to keep charged. His wife, Kayla, even brought him food so
he wouldn't lose his spot.

The couple bought three iPhone 6 Plus phones. Michael kept one and the other
went to Kayla.

"It's an anniversary gift for her, plus it's her birthday next week," Michael
said. "So it's a double gift."

The other phone will go to Cox's employee.

Dill and Cox were among hundreds of customers from Northeast Mississippi --
joining millions of others nationwide -- getting Apple's latest iPhone
iteration.

Apple logged more than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus when
they became available online last week. That's twice the volume Apple saw for
the iPhone 5. Analysts predict Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones this
weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c
last year.

Verizon manager Lori Anne Singleton brought Chick-Fil-A biscuits for the early
risers who waited in line. Her store, like AT&T and the nearby CSpire store,
brought all employees in to work, anticipating a rush of customers.

"This launch has been bigger than any of the previous launches," Singleton said.
"There was a lot of anticipation for it, a lot of buildup."

At CSpire, manager Molly Lovorn said employees were at the store starting at
4:30 Friday morning. The first rush of customers was taken care of within an
hour, and she said she anticipated a sellout before the end of the day.

"This was bigger than the iPhone 5 launch because it's the biggest enhancement
since the 4S," she said. "And the 4S was big because it was the first time that
we (C Spire) got to work with Apple to sell the iPhone."

The wireless carriers also were selling accessories like phone covers, opening
another revenue stream since the 6 is larger than the 5.

Verizon's Singleton said pre-orders for the 6, which started a week earlier,
were "pretty big" as well. With that in mind, she anticipated a large turnout
Friday and even bought Chick-Fil-A biscuits to feed the first few customers.

"We want to keep it festive, keep it fun," she said, as red and white balloons
decorated the Verizon showroom, which also had music playing in the background.
"This is a big day."

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299. The phones offer sharper
displays, improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In
addition, the phones are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that
allows users to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

dennis.seid@journalinc.com

___ (c)2014 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-TP-iPhone-fever-spreads-to-area-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2014 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 10, 2014

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LENGTH: 1169  words


Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on
Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology
company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

CUPERTINO, Calif. - Apple Inc unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday as Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive
the technology company's reputation as a wellspring of innovation.

The first new product to be developed and introduced under Cook's reign is a
wearable device tethered to the iPhone that will combine health and fitness
tracking with communications. It will price at $349 and go on sale in early
2015.

Ben Wood, a top mobile phone industry analyst with CCS Insight based in the UK,
said Apple's smartwatch devices will propel a so-far lackluster product category
into consumer consciousness.

"For Apple's competitors it will turn a tough category into a nightmare," Wood
said.

Indeed, rival watch and wearable device makers are keeping a wary eye on Apple,
which up-ended the music industry and drove once-dominant phone makers like
Blackberry to the brink of extinction, and whose iPad helped shrink personal
computer sales for a time before they recently recovered.

Apple has an enviable track record when it comes to mobile hardware, though it
tends not to be the first to introduce a new-fangled product category. Rival
electronics giants such as Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm
Inc have already launched smartwatches, albeit without much success.

The price tag on the new "Apple Watch" is loftier than some expected, coming in
at $50 more than the cheapest version of the iPhone 6 with a contract.

Bernstein Research analyst Toni Sacconaghi had estimated on Tuesday before the
event that if Apple were to sell 30 million watches at $250 each, it would add
about $7.5 billion to its revenue.

Apple's new watches will be available in three distinct collections, including a
sport edition and an upscale line coated in 18-karat gold. Whether the devices
can win over fashion-conscious consumers may prove key to mainstream appeal.
Initial impressions from critics who glimpsed the watch were positive.

"Compared to what's out there, it feels like it's very slender. I like the level
of elegance and the three different lines, which include sport and luxury," said
Angela Tafoya, at fashion blog Refinery29.

The pressure was on for the world's largest tech company to wow at its "special
event" in Cupertino. The prospect of the new watch attracted a broader swathe of
attendees than usual, with celebrities, fashion industry editors and even
healthcare executives rounding out the mostly tech-industry crowd.

Shares of the company closed nearly unchanged. Apple's stock tends to rise in
the run-up to a major product launch, and come under selling pressure afterward.

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the
Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014.
[Photo/Agencies]

BUY WITH BIGGER PHONES

In a rare move for the company, Apple had planned on livecasting its entire
event online, with a simultaneous translation in Chinese. But the livestream
went down about a half-hour in, prompting many users to take to Twitter to
express their frustrations.

Also on Tuesday, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers
worldwide, including all three in China - a key growth market for the company.

It also introduced a new mobile payments service dubbed "Apple Pay." Each phone
will come equipped with its new payments service, which launches in the United
States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores with their phones
instead of physically presenting their credit or debit cards.

Launch partners include Walt Disney Co, McDonald's and Whole Foods. The move
gives Apple access to a trove of data on how consumers shop in brick and mortar
stores, where more than 90 percent of U.S. retail sales are still conducted.

Barclays Capital said in a Sept 5 note that the mobile payments feature would
give Apple "one of the largest sets of consumer transaction data in the US".

Each new iPhone will come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field
communications, or NFC, antenna.

Ben Milne, CEO of internet payment network Dwolla, said Apple had created a
smooth user experience with Apple Pay, but wanted to hear a lot more about how
Apple will tackle the aging payments infrastructure.

"The old architecture that payments is driven on is not up to snuff for the
future they want to build," Milne said.

He added that Apple Pay will get some level of mass adoption based on the number
of iPhones out there, but Apple will have to tackle the high costs of payment
processing to make its new feature more widespread.

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-president at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino,
California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the battery
life of the Iphone 5s, Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Phil Schiller, Senior Vice-President at Apple, Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6
during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9,
2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple announces the Iphone 6 and the Iphone 6 Plus, September 9, 2014. [Photo by
Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 Plus starts at $299 with a two-year contract. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks in front of a row of iPhones during an Apple event at
the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple Pay combines seamlessly integrated hardware, software, and services in a
way only Apple can. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the
Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Apple unveils the Apple Watch, calling it the company's "next chapter". [Photo
by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Apple CEO Tim Cook announces the price for an Apple Watch during an Apple event
at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. Apple Watch
will start at $349, available early 2015. [Photo by Eric Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

IPhone 6 in the Hands-on Pavilion at the Apple Special Event. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

A closer look at the Apple Watch in the Hands-on Pavilion. [Photo by Eric
Jou/chinadaily.com.cn]

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Five predictions for Apple's September 9 event

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple fans line up around the world for iPhone 6

LENGTH: 495  words


In order to get their hands on the new iPhones before others, many of Apple-fans
even queued up in front of the Apple stores one day before the sales began.

With Apple's iPhone 6 and Plus launching in around nine countries and regions
across the world on Sept 19, the new large-screen gadgets attracted huge crowds
of fans to retail outlets.

In order to get their hands on the new iPhones before others, many of them even
queued up in front of the Apple stores one day before the sales began. Buyers
from Chinese mainland, where the sought-after gadgets have not yet been
launched, went to other countries just to be among the first to buy the new
iPhones.

People wait outside an Apple Store in Hong Kong to buy the new iPhone 6 and Plus
devices on the morning of Sept 19, 2014. The gadgets were launched on Friday in
Hong Kong. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customers smile with their new mobile phones in their hands after the launch of
the Apple iPhone 6 at a store in Oberhausen, Germany, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customer leaves an Apple Store as the new iPhone 6 and Plus went on sale in
Paris, Sept 19, 2014. The iPhone 6 and Plus went on sale in Australia, Japan and
across Europe Friday. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

David Yu, from China, holds up two iPhone 6 as he walks out of the Apple Store
in Palo Alto, California, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Shoppers wait in line to buy Apple's latest iPhone 6 and 6 Plus outside an
outlet in Singapore, Sept 19, 2014. Apple's newest mobile devices went on sale
Friday. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

First two customers to get their hands on the new iPhone 6 at the Covent Garden
branch of Apple Store in London, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Customer poses during a ceremony to mark the first day of sales of the new Apple
iPhone 6 and Plus at a store in Tokyo, Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

Chinese iPhone buyer Yuki Lau (left), and friend Jianing Hong (center) wait in
line for the opening of the Apple Store in Palo Alto, California, Sept 19, 2014.
[Photo/IC]

All you wanted to know about Alibaba
World's largest offshore airport under construction in Dalian
Highlights of China-ASEAN Expo

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Upgrade habit creates a connection

BYLINE: Myles Hume

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 295 words


Queuing to claim the country's first wave of iPhones has become a social
occasion for Paul Francis and Ben Austin.

The Christchurch pair remain in touch on social media and their paths cross
occasionally but what remains constant is their annual catch-up when the latest
iPhone hits the shelves.

Yesterday was no different.

Francis, who owns an IT support business, and Austin, a property developer,
queued outside the Westfield Riccarton Spark store to be among the first in the
city to claim an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

As Francis departed, he told Austin: "I'll see you next year."

Francis, a self-confessed Apple fanatic, has previously owned six versions of
the device and was excited to upgrade his iPhone 5.

He was impressed by the bigger screen, which could replace his iPad at work.

Canterbury Polytechnic Institute of Technology student Kieran May was the first
Christchurch Spark customer to get his hands on the new device.

The 19-year-old said he would pick up extra shifts at his Countdown job during
the holiday break to pay for what will be his fifth iPhone.

"I always upgrade every year. I'm one of those people that can't resist the
temptation of new technology, so this year I thought I won't stop the
tradition."

Riccarton Spark store manager Sandro Ribeiro expected about 90 iPhone 6 and 10
iPhone 6 Plus devices would sell yesterday and did not expect any of the limited
stock to be left.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Hit for six: Property investor Ben Austin, left, and Paul Francis, with their
queue place-holders during the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch at the Spark
store in Westfield Riccarton.

Picture: JOHN KIRK-ANDERSON/FAIRFAX NZ

Number One: Student Kieran May, 19, was first to march into the Spark store in
Westfield Riccarton to claim his iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

Gadget review: iPhone 6 / iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 587  words


TIMELY updates for the classic Apple phone which will once again reshape the
smartphone market

Gadget review - iPhone 6 / iPhone 6 Plus

Price: from £539

WITH not one, but two new iPhones, Apple has laid to rest fears that the
untimely death of Steve Jobs robbed it of its innovative pedigree. Both the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are among the best smartphones available and sure
to cheer the Californian firm's loyal customer base. Crucially, and perhaps more
importantly, they also demonstrate how the company is continuing to rewrite the
rulebook when it comes to user friendly consumer technology.

The most drastic overhaul to the traditional iPhone template is the most
obvious: size. Both the standard and Plus models offer significantly larger
screens, with the former boasting a 4.7 inch screen and the latter a 5.5 inch
viewing area. In comparison, the humble four inches offered by previous
iterations of the handset feels restrictive, particularly when you want to watch
television programmes or films on the move without carrying around a tablet.

Increased screen sizes greatly improve visual-led tasks

It is a timely and necessary update. A succession of Android handset
manufacturers have won plaudits for large screen sizes, giving rise to the
so-called phablet option. The Cupertino firm's reluctance to introduce a
competing device was borne from concerns over the increased real estate would
come at the expense of quality. With the 6 and 6 Plus, however, it is clear
those hurdles have been navigated with style, making them a compelling choice
for visual-led tasks such as image editing.

The additional screen size is a boon for the best improvement to the iPhone -
the quality of its photographs and video. Images sing with rich colour and high
contrast, but it is the latter that truly excels thanks to new optical image
stabilisation technology. Even while jogging or cycling, it is simple to
maintain a smooth, tracking shot using the 6 Plus, with the autofocus doing all
the hard work to keep pace with the action. It is one of the most impressive
additions and a leap forward for the iPhone's capabilities as a film camera.

Some cosmetic changes borrow from the iPad Air school of design

These improvements, impressively, come without the main chassis of the
smartphones feeling bulky. Both handsets feel light and comfortable, with the 6
Plus deceptively thin at just 7.1mm. More generally, Apple have taken aesthetic
inspiration from their own iPad Air and the new iPhones benefit from the
gentler, rounded design philosophy that has edges melt away into curves rather
than right angles. On both the 6 and 6 Plus models, there has been some cosmetic
changes, with the power button now located to the right hand side as opposed to
the top. On the Plus, it is an understandable transition given the limits of the
average handspan, but it feels like a less obvious change on the smaller
handset.

The battery life on both versions is significantly more generous than the iPhone
5S, each standing up to a full day of intensive use, spanning social media apps,
web browsing, YouTube and games. The onus now is on app developers to optimise
their software for the new handsets. At present, too many are crudely scaled up
and fail to take advantage of the enlarged screen space, but if the precedent of
the iPad is anything to go by, they will come good in time. These are
smartphones with transformative technology and peerless design and their
potential to reshape the smartphone market is immense.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Apple doubles India target as iPhone sales zoom

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


KOLKATA: Apple India has set a target to double iPhone sales to two million
units and revenue to more than Rs 8,000 crore during its financial year to
September 2015 as it focuses on e-commerce for the first time in the country.

The American company's bullishness springs from the strong demand for iPhone 6,
which continues to see more orders than the company is able to fulfill despite
having sold 500,000 units during October-December 2014 or half of what it had
sold in India in the entire previous fiscal, as per market trackers.

The company also expects that 20-25% of iPhone sales during the fiscal will be
generated from e-commerce, said two senior trade partners of Apple India.

"Apple's headquarters have given the target to the Indian unit to double iPhone
sales this fiscal since it had a fantastic first quarter and also focus on
e-commerce to push sales of slow moving models like iPhone 4S and 5c," said one
of the executives.

The executive said Apple's distributors are already running promotional offers
on iPhone 5c through Amazon and have even undertaken joint marketing investment
for advertisement campaigns. "E-commerce was never a focus area for Apple India
till now but the growth of the channel has made it sit up to focus on such
sales," the executive said.

An email sent to Apple spokesperson in regional headquarters in London did not
elicit any response till Wednesday evening.

Market tracker Counterpoint Research senior analyst Tarun Pathak said Apple
doubling sales in India this fiscal won't be a difficult target for the
Cupertino-based vendor, considering the high average selling price of the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus that account for bulk of the sales.

As per estimates, iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - which are priced upwards of Rs 52,000 -
account for 50% of total iPhone sales in India by volume and more than 80% by
value.

While Apple has regularized supplies for iPhone 6 16GB model, supplies of
another top-seller iPhone 6 64GB are still erratic in India, something that the
company expects to normalize soon, trade partners said.

While iPhone is the market leader in smartphone segment priced above Rs 30,000,
it is the second largest after Korean giant Samsung in the Rs 20,000-plus
smartphone category.

In the overall Indian smartphone market, Apple had slightly over 2% share in
October-December quarter, as per estimates by Counterpoint Research, while
Samsung led the market, followed by Micromax.

As per filings to the Registrar of Companies, Apple India has grown sales
sevenfold over the past three years to Rs 4,479 crore in 2013-2014 from Rs 620
crore in 20101-11. Profit after tax doubled to Rs 119 crore in 2013-14 from Rs
58.6 crore during this period.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

New iPhone thrills up Azerbaijan

BYLINE: Nigar Orujova

LENGTH: 313  words


Apple has sold 10 million new iPhones in just three days in many countries
including Azerbaijan.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus entered the local markets with a record price two
weeks after the grand show. However, there are reports that over 200 iPhones
have already been sold in a couple of days.

Apple production is taking the second place in the smart phones market of the
country, after Samsung. However, a significant 50.57 percent growth was recorded
in Apple's share at the local market in first eight months of 2014.

Japan was the only country that started the sale of the new 4.7inches device
with the lowest $636 price, while the highest prices were registered in Germany
and France, $906 and $919 respectively.

The price of iPhone 6 in Russia starts from $831, while in Dubai (UAE) the price
of the new device started from $707.

However, the price in Azerbaijan broke all the records, with the sale starting
from $2,000 to $2,500 for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. This price was high even
for Azerbaijanis. However, the high price could not stop the their desire to be
the first iPhone 6 owners.

New models arrived in Azerbaijan on September 20 and were put on sale on
September 22. Just in a day, the price fell to $1,500 in Baku. One of the
leading phone store owners said, over 20 phones were sold in just 2 days.

New iPhones are now available in many places in Baku. The prices vary, however,
the official Apple distributor in the country, Alma Store is still waiting for
the new devices.

Apple's full lineup of phone now consists of the iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 5s and 5c  a
relatively cheaper plastic model that the company did not update in its most
recent launch. Instead it decided to lower the cost (often free with a contract)
in order to target less affluent customers.

The introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus was one of the leading topics around
the world on September 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       August 22, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 leaks again, showing a Samsung Galaxy-like curved side profile

LENGTH: 215  words


Before Apple launches the Iphone 6 this year in September, Iphone 6 has leaked
again. This time the leakster Feld & Volk posted picture of the upcoming iPhone
6 on Instagram.

The picture posted shows that the new phone will sport the fingerprint scanner
embedded in the hard key (home button) and the RIM of the phone will not be
flat, but curved like the Galaxy phones.

In few more pictures posted by the leakster (via MacRumors) more of the side
profile of the iPhone 6 is revealed. The typical rounded buttons of the iPhone
have turned slightly rectangular like that in Galaxy phones. This seems to match
the earlier leak (leaked again via the French site Nowhereelse and protective
shells to be marketed by Chinese prop by Nowhereelse again) that revealed Galaxy
phones like buttons on the upcoming iPhone 6.

MacRumours comment that the product leaked by Feld and Volk looks like an
"unfinished iPhone 6" with parts that are in rough condition. Once polished they
will look even and smooth.

The iPhone 6 is rumoured use thinner battery, A8 processor, a prepped up camera
with new features, more than a dozen of sensors and the all new iOS 8 operating
system. This new operating system revealed by Apple this year at the WorldWide
Developers Conference sports some new interesting features.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 30, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Meets Consumer Size Requirements Says Strategy Analytics

LENGTH: 276  words


Tuesday, September 30, 2014: Apple announced two new smartphones on September
9th, 2014 at an event in California - the iPhone 6, with a 4.7-inch display and
the iPhone 6 Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, alongside the Apple Watch.

The Strategy Analytics Wireless Device Lab (WDL) report, "Smartphone Size
Preference H1 2014: Overall Preference Remains at 4.7 inches" found that in the
first half of 2014 consumers were most likely to consider a device with a
display size of 4.7" - the same size as the newly announced iPhone 6.

The report also found that 91% of existing iPhone owners chose a device
prototype larger than their current handset size as their most preferred, with
4.5" and 4.7" prototypes the ones most likely to be considered. iPhone owners
are also likely to prefer slightly smaller devices compared to existing Android
owners.

Exhibit 1: Current iPhone Owners Likelihood to Consider

Paul Brown, report author and service director at Strategy Analytics, commented,
"The size of the iPhone 6 should meet current requirements of existing Apple
owners, as well as having the potential to win back some previous iPhone owners
who had defected to Android handsets as their desire for larger handsets was
unmet by Apple."

Kevin Nolan, vice-president of the UX Innovation Practice, added, "With
consumers preferring an incremental increase in size over their current device,
and overall interest in phablets being lower, we expect that the iPhone 6 Plus
will appeal to a smaller segment of the market compared to the iPhone 6 - those
who are prepared to sacrifice the convenience of a smaller device for an
enhanced multimedia and productivity experience."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 30, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Meets Consumer Size Requirements Says Strategy Analytics

LENGTH: 276  words


Tuesday, September 30, 2014: Apple announced two new smartphones on September
9th, 2014 at an event in California - the iPhone 6, with a 4.7-inch display and
the iPhone 6 Plus, with a 5.5-inch display, alongside the Apple Watch.

The Strategy Analytics Wireless Device Lab (WDL) report, "Smartphone Size
Preference H1 2014: Overall Preference Remains at 4.7 inches" found that in the
first half of 2014 consumers were most likely to consider a device with a
display size of 4.7" - the same size as the newly announced iPhone 6.

The report also found that 91% of existing iPhone owners chose a device
prototype larger than their current handset size as their most preferred, with
4.5" and 4.7" prototypes the ones most likely to be considered. iPhone owners
are also likely to prefer slightly smaller devices compared to existing Android
owners.

Exhibit 1: Current iPhone Owners Likelihood to Consider

Paul Brown, report author and service director at Strategy Analytics, commented,
"The size of the iPhone 6 should meet current requirements of existing Apple
owners, as well as having the potential to win back some previous iPhone owners
who had defected to Android handsets as their desire for larger handsets was
unmet by Apple."

Kevin Nolan, vice-president of the UX Innovation Practice, added, "With
consumers preferring an incremental increase in size over their current device,
and overall interest in phablets being lower, we expect that the iPhone 6 Plus
will appeal to a smaller segment of the market compared to the iPhone 6 - those
who are prepared to sacrifice the convenience of a smaller device for an
enhanced multimedia and productivity experience."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple pulls out iPhone 4S and iPod Classic from its store

LENGTH: 180  words


With the debut of the Apple Iphone 6, Iphone 6 Plus and iWatch, Apple has phased
out its some of its popular old-generation products which includes the company's
iPod Classic and iPhone 4S. After the announcements were made, Apple updated its
own store by adding the newly launched devices and removing the iPod Classic and
iPhone 4S from its store. Moreover, it has also discontinued 30-pin connector
chargers used with old iPhones including the iPhone 4S.

Apple has been following this tradition of phasing out old generation products
every time it introduces new ones. Last year as well, after the launch of iPhone
5C and iPhone 5S, the company had made the iPhone 4S available for free with
contract in the US. And now it has pulled it from its store. Likewise, this year
as well the company has mentioned on its official site that with the launch of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the market, the company will be making the iPhone
5C free for users on two years contract. Also it has slashed the prices of
iPhone 5S starting from $99 with two years contract with operator in the US.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Price shocker for iPhone 6 fans

BYLINE: REJIMON K

LENGTH: 415 words


Muscat: Apple fans in Oman who are planning to lay their hands on the new iPhone
series have to shell out between OMR500 and OMR900, said traders having the
price list.



"The price list we have got from dealers in Dubai shows that the iPhone 6 16GB
version will cost OMR540 and iPhone 6 Plus 16GB version will cost OMR680," said
a sales representative at Smart Zone.

Apple this week unveiled the two latest models in its iPhone series, both of
which boast a larger screen, in a bid to recapture its role as a technological
trend-setter and many in Oman are waiting to own the new handsets.

According to the trader, iPhone 6 16GB will cost OMR540, 64GB will cost OMR590
and 128GB will cost OMR640. The iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will cost OMR680, 64GB OMR790
and 128GB will cost OMR890.
"These are the initial prices sent by dealers in Dubai. Now, we have to get the
Telecom Regulatory Authority (TRA) permission for sale. Most probably, the new
iPhones will be available by the last week of this month," said the sales
representative.

"Apple products always have a high price during the launch. Depending on the
region and country the price varies. Even the iPhone 5s had a high price range.
The price of the starting model was nearly OMR500 when it was launched. But that
never deters Apple's ardent fans. Here too, Omanis are not bothered about the
price. Some want it at any cost," said the trader.

Price details
Meanwhile, after Times of Oman reported the price details first, the social
networking websites were abuzz with comments.

While many were surprised with the price, some even related the news story of a
salary hike survey prediction.

Apple's online store crashed under the weight of demand from eager customers
hoping to pre-order one of the new iPhone 6 models launched this week.

The company announced it would make pre-orders, but in minutes it had begun
displaying "We'll be back" messages in several languages.

Twitter users reported problems with sites around the world before services
appeared to have been restored after 30 minutes.

Meanwhile, people who were lucky enough to have secured pre-orders for the first
iPhone 6 shipments are now flogging their prizes on eBay in a bid to rake in
more than $1,000 in profits.

According to Apple's official website, the price of iPhone 6 16GB is $199 for US
customers while the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB will be at $299 with a two-year contract.


Reporter can be reached at reji@timesofoman.com   Muscat Press and Publishing
House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       August 9, 2015 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

IK Multimedia Announces iKlip Case - The Durable Multi-Angle Viewing Stand Case
For iPhone 6 And iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 412  words


Sunday, August 09, 2015: IK Multimedia, the leader in mobile music creation
technology, is pleased to announce the release of iKlip Case for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. iKlip Case is a uniquely designed protective case featuring a
built-in multi-position stand that can be used in 4 different viewing angles in
portrait or landscape mode. Convenient and flexible, its legs can be adjusted to
suit a wide variety of purposes: it's an ideal tool for making music, surfing
the web, reading eBooks, giving lectures, video chatting and a whole lot more.
With iKlip Case, now iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus users can take a stand anywhere
they go.

A great angle

At its heart, iKlip Case is all about providing optimum visibility with its
built-in stand system. The stand is comprised of two thermoplastic legs that can
be quickly adjusted to position an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus in 1 of 4 different
viewing angles, with 2 set angles per orientation. In Portrait mode, the iPhone
can be positioned at 60 or 45 - great angles for video chat and FaceTime calls,
plus vertically oriented apps like AmpliTube, VocaLive, iRig Recorder and Mic
Room can be used in this mode with iRig accessories attached to the accessible
open ports. In landscape mode iPhones can be positioned to accommodate 80 and 60
- great angles for watching movies, surfing the web, reading e-books or using
other horizontally oriented apps.

Portrait - 60

Portrait - 45

Landscape - 80

Landscape - 60

When not used as a stand, the legs on iKlip Case securely lock into the back of
the case for an ultra-slim low profile that fits easily into a pocket, an iKlip
Xpand Mini or an iKlip Grip. With iKlip Case, all ports on the iPhone model are
completely unobstructed so it can be used with accessories like IK's iRig line
of audio interfaces, microphones and MIDI controllers.

Flexible protection

iKlip Case is secure. It features a soft-touch rubberized finish and a
shockproof thermoplastic shell that's been designed to provide security in even
the most demanding of circumstances. Like all iKlip products, iKlip Case has
been designed to give musicians and other users the peace of mind that comes
with knowing that their mobile device is protected.

Pricing and availability

iKlip Case will be available in September 2015 in two versions: One for iPhone 6
and one for iPhone 6 Plus. Both will be available from music and electronics
retailers worldwide, and from the IK online store, for only $39.99/29.99
(excluding taxes).

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            October 17, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple starts iPhone 6 sales in key China market

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 463 words


Apple began selling its latest iPhone in China Friday, nearly a month after
other major territories due to a licence delay by regulators, but it faces a
tough battle with rivals led by Samsung in the crucial market.

Staff at an Apple Store in downtown Shanghai clapped and congratulated iPhone 6
customers as they left the shop, which opened two hours early for those who had
pre-ordered.

Fashion industry worker Wang Xue picked out a gold-coloured iPhone 6 Plus,
having used an iPhone 4 for the past four years.

"I like the design and everything about it," she said. "It's worth it to me to
pay 6,088 yuan ($998)."

The new gadget hits shelves in China a day after the tech giant unveiled a new
line-up of iPads in the United States in a bid to face off tough competition in
the cooling tablet market.

Apple's products enjoy a devoted following in China, the world's second-largest
economy and the largest smartphone market according to an industry estimate.

It launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in 10 countries and
regions on September 19, but could not do so in mainland China because it lacked
a key network access licence.

Media have reported widespread smuggling of the new phone into China given its
initial unavailability.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology granted permission late last
month, but said it had pressed Apple to improve personal data security to gain
approval and quoted the US firm as saying it would do so.

The government agency said outside parties could obtain information stored on an
iPhone by accessing a "trusted" computer or from an iPhone undergoing repair.

Apple has not responded publicly to the claims.

Customer deliveries began Friday in the company's 12 retail stores in mainland
China, and through the country's three major telecom providers and other sales
channels.

E-commerce firm JD.com said it had taken 9.5 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus as of Thursday.

But Apple is only in sixth place in China's highly fragmented smartphone market,
where cheaper phones using the Android operating system are popular.

Apple has a 6.9 percent share, according to consultancy Analysys International,
far behind leader Samsung of South Korea, which has 15.4 percent.

Analysts said the new models' larger screen would appeal to Chinese consumers
and the launch should help Apple's sales, despite their high prices.

The iPhone 6 with 16 GB of memory is selling for the equivalent of $867 in
China, significantly higher than neighbouring Hong Kong where the same model
retails for $726.

The top-end iPhone 6 Plus with 128 GB sells for $1,277 in the mainland.

"I think it will sell better than the (iPhone) 5 series," said Xu Hao of
Analysys. "This trend of a larger screen will serve better to snatch some
users."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 24, 2014

Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

BYLINE: CHEN HONG/CHAI HUA

LENGTH: 426  words


Officials have seized more than 200 smuggled iPhone 6 handsets and another 1,600
had import duties imposed on them or were returned.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. CHINA DAILY

Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

The phones have been on the market in 10 countries and regions since Sept 19 but
were excluded from the Chinese mainland.

As of Tuesday afternoon, Shenzhen officials had seized more than 200 iPhone 6
handsets smuggled from Hong Kong. Another 1,600 identified as self-use goods had
import duties imposed on them or were returned to Hong Kong, customs data
showed.

"We target smugglers who illegally carry the phones from Hong Kong to Shenzhen
for profit. Individuals who bought phones for their own use just need to pay the
duty and will not be punished," said a press official, surnamed Li, at the Luohu
checkpoint.

Apple's iPhones are on a list of 20 items on which duty must be paid. The duty
is about 10 percent, Li said.

About half of the new iPhones were caught at the checkpoint, one of the
country's busiest land checkpoints.

On Sept 20, customs officials at Luohu saw a man acting suspiciously. He seemed
to want to keep his distance from inspectors, who eventually discovered eight
iPhones hidden inside his underpants.

Two days later, two men were caught carrying three iPhones inside their
underpants in a joint effort by Shenzhen and Hong Kong customs authorities.

"We will remain on high alert, because the smugglers will invent ways to
illegally bring in new iPhones," Li said.

At the Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest grey
markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong, the cost of a 16
gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus varies from 11,000 to 15,000 yuan ($1,790 to $2,440). The
price at an Apple store is about HK$6,390 ($830).

The price for a regular iPhone 6 is lower[#xff0d]about 7,050 yuan[#xff0d]but
still above the official price in Hong Kong of HK$5,588.

"The price of an iPhone 6 is down by 2,000 yuan compared with three days ago,"
one seller said, "So I suggest if you have one and want to sell it, you do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

At Zhongguancun in Beijing, one of the largest electronic markets in North
China, the iPhone 6 Plus sold at no less than 16,500 yuan on Monday, Beijing
Evening News reported.

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day
Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Locals line up for release of iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Ann Marie Bush.

ann.bush@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 498 words


Topekans Rachel Lara and her son, Victor Lara, spent Thursday night camped out
in front of the AT&T store in anticipation of the launch of the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus.

They were the first people to walk through the doors of AT&T, 2201 S.W.
Wanamaker Road, on Friday.

"It's exciting to go from one iPhone to the newest one," Rachel Lara said.
"We're an Apple family."

The two spent the night - from 9 p.m. Thursday until 8 a.m. Friday - listening
to music, napping, walking around and visiting with people who lined up after
them.

Brian Baxa, of Topeka, was the third person in line. He pulled up to the AT&T
store shortly after 11 p.m. Thursday. Other people joined the line later in the
night.

By the time the doors opened at 8 a.m., more than 50 people were eagerly
awaiting the in-store launch. Some were wrapped up in coats and blankets and
others spoke with sales representatives. One AT&T employee was handing out
granola bars, coffee and juice.

"We're excited about it," store manager Josh Gleb said.

Mike Scott, president of AT&T Kansas, also was at the store to greet people and
speak with members of the media.

"It's a huge day for us," Scott said. "We are doing this nationwide. It's a big
day for the customers, as well."

AT&T was the original iPhone carrier and has a "very large existing base of
iPhone users," Scott said.

The store's online pre-orders, which started Sept. 12, was the largest pre-order
sales launch day ever, Gleb said.

Gleb wasn't allowed to say how many of the new iPhones the store had in stock.
But he reassured customers they would be taken care of.

"We have all hands on deck," he said of the 18 sales staff members he had
working Friday.

As the Laras, as well as several other customers, poured into the store at 8
a.m. sharp, sales representatives began filling orders.

Customers said they were looking forward to having a bigger screen. Apple's new
iPhone 6 Plus' screen measures 5.5 inches diagonally, according to an Associated
Press story.

The new iPhones include an advanced camera and iOS8, the Apple website states.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history," Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO, said in an Apple news release. "The iPhone is the most loved
smartphone in the world with the highest customer satisfaction in the industry,
and we are making it much better in every way."

The same day Apple's larger iPhones went on sale, Samsung said U.S. wireless
carriers began taking orders for its large-screen Galaxy Note 4 smartphone. The
Note 4 will be available Oct. 17. It has a screen measuring 5.7 inches
diagonally.

Samsung's Note phones come with a stylus for note taking, according to AP.

The Note runs Google's Android system and has Samsung-produced extras such as
the ability to show multiple apps on the same screen at once.

Samsung also is making the Galaxy Note Edge with a side screen to display
weather information, clocks and other information, AP said. The company hasn't
provided details about U.S. availability.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Apple's Diwali bonanza: iPhone 6 to hit stores in India on Oct 17

LENGTH: 236 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 10 -- The much-anticipated Apple's smartphones iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus will arrive in India this festival season to take on challengers like LG
G3, HTC One and Galaxy Note 4.

Apple will launch its new smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus alongside
the smart watch in India from October 17, according to the company's India
website.

Meanwhile, the smartphone giant will release iPhone 6 to selected countries on
September 19 which includes Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong,
Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK.

On Tuesday, Apple Inc has launched two new sizes of iPhone and as per rumors,
the new models come in 4.7- and 5.5-inch versions. The new devices are known as
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, respectively.

But the biggest announcement has been the launch of Apple Watch, the Company's
first foray into the world of wearable technology. It boasts of features like
inductive charging, sapphire glass, swappable bands, a heartbeat sensor and a
rotating digital crown.

The watch will come in two different sizes and three different collections:
Watch, Watch Sport and Watch Edition. Prices start at USD 349 and the Apple
Watch will be available "early next year."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            January 16, 2015 Friday
                                 Delhi Edition

Vodafone Unveils iPhone Plans

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 505 words


Apple has stepped up its India play, tying up with Vodafone to offer its range
of devices, including the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, on monthly installments over two
years, while the country's No. 2 telco looks to tie in subscribers for premium
data services.

Vodafone has introduced tariff plans based on installments starting at Rs 2,099
a month, for which a consumer can buy Apple's iPhone 4s along with bundled talk
time, SMSes and 3G data. An iPhone 5c can be bought for Rs 2,499 a month and the
iPhone 5s at Rs 2,999 per month, while those wanting to buy the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will have to pay Rs 3,599 a month for two years.

"Our all-inclusive and fully-loaded data plans will allow customers to have a
hassle-free experience with no upfront costs and additional savings on monthly
plans," Marten Pieters, MD & CEO of Vodafone India, said in a statement
Thursday. "We see data as a strong growth driver in the years to come and
believe these kind of innovative offers add to our efforts in the growth of this
segment."

Customers buying a 16 GB iPhone 6 costing `. 53,500 on an EMI of Rs 3,599 over
two years will end up paying a total of ` . 86,376 for the device and the
bundled plan.

"Just EMIs won't help," said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based

Counterpoint Technologies. "Apple will have to increase promotional activities
ike buybacks to make this offer work."

Sector trackers add that in the past two hree months, Apple is penetrating
deeper into the Indian market as the company s aware of the next wave of
customers coming from tier 2-3 cities, where people see Apple as an aspirational
brand and EMIs will be an attractive proposition.

"The next three quarters are low in Apple's seasonal cycle. As the momentum of
Phone 6 and 6 Plus has already passed, he situation adds more impetus to
introducing such plans," Pathak added.

The offer is still compelling, according to Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at
Greyhound Research. "From a normal customer point of view, the total cost turns
out to be far less when the phone usage is considered," he said, adding that a
normal EMI without the voice and data plan comes out

. 2,000. "With usage added, the to be at least ` offer becomes pretty
attractive."

Vodafone will offer two calling and data plans -iPhone 6K and iPhone 10K -which
will come bundled with the devices that will be sold through its own stores and
large format retail outlets. A 16GB iPhone 6 under the iPhone 6K plan includes
6,000 local and STD minutes, 1,500 SMSes and 6GB of 3G data at a tax-included
EMI of ` . 3599 for 24 months. Adding . 400 to the EMI can get a buyer the
iPhone ` 10K plan, which has 10,000 free STD and local minutes, 2,500 SMSes and
10 GB of 3G data. Zero down payment is valid only on the iPhone 6 16 GB variant.
Down payments will be applicable when purchasing other models and range from ` .
4,990 (for 8 GB or 16 GB variants of 4S, 5c and 5s models) to ` . 23,490 (128 GB
iPhone 6 Plus).EMIs are also available on 12-month plans, on which the costs
will be higher.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

THE GREAT BENDY IPHONE DEBACLE

BYLINE: BY BEN SPENCER SCIENCE REPORTER

LENGTH: 527 words


APPLE is facing claims that its new thinner iPhones can bend out of shape in the
pocket.

The problem is especially pronounced for the £620 iPhone 6 Plus, which has a
slimline body but a supersized screen.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones were ruined.

One video, uploaded to YouTube by Lewis Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy,
shows the iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of his fingers alone. Last
night the video had been viewed more than 13.8million times.

One new iPhone 6 Plus user told the MacRumors website that his phone had become
irreversibly bent after he sat on it during a long drive.

The 6 Plus was about 18 hours in my pocket while sitting mostly,' he said. As I
lay it on the coffee table and sat down on the couch to relax from the drive, I
saw the reflection of the window in the iPhone slightly distorted.'

Bent phones appeared to work as normal, but some screens shattered if they were
forced back into shape.

The problem has echoes of the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010

, when Apple was forced to give new owners a free case to solve an antenna
problem.

The new models - the 6¼-inch iPhone 6 Plus and 5½-inch iPhone 6 - sold more than
10million in the three days after they were launched last Friday, breaking
records for opening weekend sales.

There is no suggestion that a phone would bend if it was not put under sustained
pressure, but many users will be concerned at the new models' apparent lack of
robustness.

The iPhone 6 Plus and the £539 iPhone 6, which are both about a quarter of an
inch thick, are each housed in a single piece of lightweight moulded aluminium
alloy - a feature which commentators say is behind the lack of durability.

Apple yesterday refused to comment on the reported problems. But the weak area
of the phone appears to be around the volume buttons where the frame is at its
thinnest.

Many of the images of damaged phones appear to show the bends occurring where
segments of the shell were cut out to make room for the buttons. When
significant and prolonged pressure is placed on the phone, the buttons seem to
create a fulcrum point around which the phone bends.

Industry analysts said that if consumers want lightweight phones with ever
bigger screens, they might have to stop putting them in their pockets.

Dominic Sunnebo, global strategic director at Kantar Worldpanel, a technology
market consultancy, said the reported iPhone fault was a direct result of the
drive for bigger screens and slimmer frames.

In China, where these larger devices make up a third of the market, people don't
carry their phones in their pockets,' he told the Daily Mail.

Perhaps in the UK, where we are not yet used to these larger phones, users are
going to have to start treating them like tablet computers and use a bag.'

Apple is not the first to have the problem of smartphones bending as firms try
to put larger screens on thinner and lighter bodies. Sony's Xperia Z1 drew
complaints that it bent in pockets, and there were similar problems with the
Samsung Galaxy S4 and the BlackBerry Q10.

b.spencer@dailymail.co.uk

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Samsung Plans Two Premium Devices To Counter Apple's iPhone 6, 6 Plus

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 600 words


South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in
India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices - the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy
Note 4 - to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these
devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.

Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be
the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones
have had for long.

Priced a little over . `40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be
cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline
distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.

The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body,
4.7-inch screen and a top-of-theline processor. It's the company's bet against
iPhone 6 in the premium segment.

Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA,
the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month.

While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would
be Apple's first such big device.

Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size.

In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had
mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they
couldn't even wrap their hands around them.

Tim Cook, who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has
positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".

Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South
Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with
change - even they thought so." Samsung also released a graphic which actually
quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add,
"Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28% market
share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country. It is
followed by homegrown Micromax.

However, in the premium segment, Samsung faces a very stiff competition from
Apple's iPhone.

by Samsung last month, has a par tial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a
top-of-the line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the
premium segment.

Samsung also an nounced the all new Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA,
the consumer elec tronics show in Berlin earlier this month.

While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would
be Apple's first such big device.

Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size.

In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had
mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they
couldn't even wrap their hands around them.

Tim Cook, who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has
positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".

Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South
Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with
change -even they thought so."

Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is
going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves
and changed their minds."

With nearly 28% market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in
the country. It is followed by homegrown Micromax.

However, in the premium segment, Samsung faces a very stiff competition from
Apple's iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             June 21, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending June 21;
Leaking components, Labor Day frenzy, fingerprinting bezel, liquid cooling

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2080 words


Tantalizing images of iPhone 6, or 5S, components sent the iOSphere into
transports of joy, even though no one couldexplain what the components revealed
about the Next iPhone.

Also this week: Labor Day will be The Day of the Next iPhone's release,
transforming the summer's traditional last vacation day from traveling frenzy to
shopping frenzy; patents show the long-desired fingerprint scanner will be
formed into the iPhone's bezel not incorporated with the home button; and
"interest" in liquid cooling is translated into production schedules.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ There is nothing quite like Next iPhone components to set
off the iOSphere. Especially, if no one can make anything of them.

Because then you can make up anything about them.

First to appear early Monday morning on June 17 was the Next iPhone's logic
board. MacRumors early picked up the trail through Japanese tech sites, and
posted "three photos of what may be the bare logic board from the iPhone 5S."

"Unsurprisingly, the shape of the board is nearly identical to that of the
iPhone 5 logic board, although it appears to have a slightly different curve
along the bottom edge where the logic board would meet the speaker enclosure,"
writes Eric Slivka.

When all you can say about a new component is that it has "a slightly different
curve along the bottom edge," your breaking news starts to look distinctly like
broken down news.

But the purported logic board apparently lured out other photos. By early
afternoon that same day, Slivka posted another revelation: "iPhone 5S Display
Assembly Surfaces, Appears to Fit Leaked Logic Board."  "Several repair firms,
including iHeart Repair, have shared with MacRumors a new set of images from a
supplier showing the display assembly of the iPhone 5S," Slivka announced. He
concludes, apparently based on nothing more than the fact he can't notice any
differences, that these new low-resolution images reveal no "significant
changes" to Apple's display technology.

Here is the display assembly montage in all its low-res glory.  But "there is
one item of interest supporting the claim that the logic board photos from
earlier today are genuine," Slivka concludes.

That one item of interest is that, if you compare the display assemblies of the
alleged iPhone 5S and iPhone 5, you can see that the pair of connectors on the
flex cables at the top are different. And that those 5S connectors seem to match
what may be corresponding connectors on the top of the logic board.

And this means ... well, Slivka never says what it means. It apparently just
means that 1) Apple changed some things in the iPhone 5S and b) the purported
display assembly supports the claim that the purported logic board is the Real
Deal.

Another tech site, FanaticFone, later posted larger images at much higher
resolution, purporting to be the iPhone 5S digitizer and LCD screen assembly.
Here's their comparison of the assemblies from iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S.  What to
make of these "leaked" images?

AppleInsider was cautious. "While not concrete evidence that the two parts are
indeed made to be interoperable, the pairing does make the rumored device leaks
somewhat plausible," according to the site's anonymous post. "It should be
noted, however, that the components may not necessarily be bound for the
next-gen iPhone, and could be prototype versions built for testing purposes."

Exactly so. Assuming the components are genuine, there's nothing to indicate at
what point they appeared in Apple's development work with its supply chain
partners.

And in most of the posts reviewed by The Rollup, none of the authors made any
attempt to analyze, or find someone who could analyze, the images themselves.
Having a "slightly curved edge" at one end doesn't tell us very much about the
Next iPhone.

Because there are so few apparent differences, most posts conclude there are
minimal changes ahead for iPhone 5S. "We know this might disappoint many Apple
fans, but we are sad to say that you'd better not expect too much improvement in
the iPhone 5S screen compared to the iPhone 5," according to FanaticFone. "The
flex cable of the iPhone 5S is much longer than the iPhone 5, which indicates
that the inner components of the iPhone 5S do indeed have some differences
compared to the earlier model."

There you have it. The Next iPhone will be, somehow, somewhat different from the
current iPhone.

That would be Monday, Sept. 2, for the calendarly challenged.

This bold prediction is based on the distinctive style of reasoning at Stabley
Times -- a kind of reasoning unmoored from any real facts.

We'll let the post's author, Phil Moore, unfold the chain of logic in what
appears to be a hastily written and poorly edited post.

"Apple says the release date for the iOS 7 system software is in the fall of
2013, which it won't acknowledge the existence of the iPhone 6, it'll be
released the same week as iOS 7," he declares. This sounds like Moore has
uncovered some deeply buried Apple secret. But most people clearly expect that
whenever the Next iPhone is released, it will be running the next version of
iOS.

"But a look inside the early test versions of iOS 7 says it's more complete than
its beta 1 tag would suggest, and that it may be ready to go well ahead of the
beginning of fall in late September," Moore continues. What "beta 1" and "ready
to go" mean to Apple insiders with regard to a major release of its mobile
operating system is not very clear.

"Even if Apple takes three full months to get iOS 7 ready for prime time, that
still means the iPhone 6 release date can come as early as the end of August or
Labor Day," Moore concludes in a breathtaking leap of logic. "All that Apple has
to do is put the iPhone 6 into factory production sooner, to match the ready
date for iOS 7."

"All that Apple has to do ..." Moore seems to think that all those Chinese
worker bees in Foxconn's assembly plants are just sitting around smoking
cigarettes and playing mahjong as they wait for Apple CEO Tim Cook to call from
One Infinite Loop and bark, "Throw the switch!"

One can only hope that Cook next remembers to call all the shipping and
logistics firms, the carrier partners, retailers, marketing collateral
designers, box companies, sales trainers, customer support staff, and the rest
of the multitudes involved in actually bringing a product to market.

But let's not get bogged down in details. "Between now and then, the best way to
gauge how soon the iPhone 6 release date is coming is to keep an ear to the
ground regarding the ongoing development of iOS 7 as the summer progresses,"
Moore assures his readers. "Early reports peg it as being rather far along. If
that keeps up, the iPhone 6 will arrive sooner than later.

The smart bet is Labor Day."

Of course it is, when about 35 million people, who will have been traveling at
least 50 miles from home (based on AAA's historical data) are fighting traffic
and each other on their way back. That's roughly the same number AAA forecast
for Memorial Day 2013. Maybe they'll cut short their three-day weekend at Myrtle
Beach, S.C. Or change their travel destinations to the nearest Apple retail
store in Charleston, S.C., just two hours and 19 minutes away.

The iPhone Fingerprint Scanner rumor lives on, now having mutated. Since at
least July 2012, when Apple's acquisition of AuthenTec was revealed, the
iOSphere has been saying that Apple will incorporate that vendor's fingerprint
scanner into the iPhone's home button.

Now, it's going to be embedded somewhere in the bezel, apart from the button.

The source of this latest rumor is the revelation of another Apple patent
application, filed in January-April of this year, and covered this week by
PatentlyApple. The headline: "Apple Invents a Fingerprint Scanner that could be
Discretely Hidden within the Bezel of an iDevice, MacBook & Beyond."

"Apple states that technically, 'bezel' means a unitary, substantially uniformly
composed structure, most typically metal or conductive plastic," according to
Jack Purcher. "The die and the bezel are encased in a unitary encapsulation
structure to protect those elements from mechanical, electrical, and
environmental damage, yet with a portion of a surface of the die and the bezel
exposed or at most thinly covered by the encapsulation or other coating material
structure."

It's a bit unclear as to why this is seen as a breakthrough. Depending on the
actual implementation, Apple's approach might mean that the scanner would be
invisible or largely unnoticed under the bezel, and activated by pressing or
swiping your thumb.

Which would seem to mean that the scanner takes up another section of the bezel,
separate from the section occupied by the current home button.

As usual, neither the patent application nor PatentlyApple used the term "iPhone
6" but that didn't stop some in the iOSphere.

The headline at TrustedReviews: "iPhone 6 fingerprint scanner could be hidden in
the bezel."

And at KnowYourMobile: "iPhone 6 fingerprint scanner detailed in patent filing."

"We say the iPhone 6 because recent leaked images [see above 'iPhone 5S logic
board and display assembly materialize'] of the iPhone 5S show nothing remotely
resembling this feature," KnowYourMobile's Richard Goodwin confidently declares.

He's right. You couldn't see a space on the display assembly labeled
"Fingerprint scanner goes here."

"Increasingly it seems the iPhone 5S - like the iPhone 4S - will be an
incremental update, adding in only a few snippets of updated hardware and some
new imaging capabilities," Goodwin, damning with faint, very faint, praise. "The
iPhone 6 will be the big one - or, the update people have been waiting for since
2012 - and is expected to carry a larger display, different chassis design, and
- if Apple's recent patent is anything to go by - a fingerprint scanner built
into its bezel."

Goodwin fully and faithfully embraces the Apple Technological Imperative: if
Apple has applied for a patent on it, then it will appear in the next iPhone.

With just five brief paragraphs this week, DigiTimes, the technology haiku
experts, again sent a thrill through the iOSphere.

Here's the headline: "First-tier players may release smartphones that adopt heat
pipes by the end of the year."

From the post, by reporters Aaron Lee and Joseph Tsai: "Smartphone players such
as Apple, Samsung Electronics and High Tech Computer (HTC) have started showing
interest in adopting ultra-thin heat pipes for their smartphones and are
expected to release heat pipe-adopted models in the fourth quarter, at the
earliest, according to sources from cooling module player."

They note that NEC recently released in Japan the Medias X06E smartphone, which
uses heat pipe technology to keep it running cool.

According to the Wikipeida entry, heat pipes in this case would be very
small-diameter tubes, filled with a heat-sensitive fluid kept at very low
pressure. As the liquid absorbs heat from, say, a hard-working smartphone CPU,
it turns to vapor. Then it flows through the tube to a cold "interface" where it
condenses into a liquid again, releasing the latent heat in the process.

Capillary action through surface tension is enough to move the fluid back to the
heat source. It's reportedly a very efficient heat transfer system, without any
moving parts. It's already being used in some notebooks and ultrabooks.

The DigiTimes post concludes by noting there are "several cooling module players
including Japan-based Furukawa Electric, Taiwan-based Chaun-Choung Technology,
Auras and TaiSol Electronics, who are all developing the super-thin tubes."

The iOSphere easily drew a lot of conclusions from the revelation that Apple,
among others, has "started to show interest" in this technology.

"Apple is planning a liquid-cooled iPhone (and so are Samsung and HTC)," read
the headline from Jony Evans, writing Computerworld's Apple Holic blog.

"There is talk the technology will be ready for smartphones by the end of this
year so there is a very good chance it could be found in the Galaxy S5 and the
iPhone 6 next year," said the ever-optimistic Mark Chubb, at PhonesReview.

Not everyone was impressed. "Personally, I'd rather have chip companies make
more power efficient chips than to see smartphone makers start adopting exotic
cooling solutions," writes Stefan Constantinescu of iPhoneHacks. "What's next, a
phone with an exhaust vent?"

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Consumers like super-sized smartphones, but carrying them around...

BYLINE: By Julio Ojeda-Zapata jojeda@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; High-Tech

LENGTH: 1340 words




Ellen Reeher of St. Paul hadn't intended to join the gigantic-smartphone
revolution.

But when her husband accidentally ordered her Apple's jumbo iPhone 6 Plus ,
instead of the smaller iPhone 6 she'd wanted, Reeher found herself having to
make adjustments -- like millions of others with the latest and biggest
smartphones.

It's been trying at times, Reeher said. Her iPhone 6 Plus often will not fit in
the back pocket of her jeans, so, "I have been known to stuff it into my
waistband."

Workouts are another issue. She used to clip her iPhone 5 to her waist while
running, but the iPhone 6 Plus is too big for that. She's now making do with an
old iPod Shuffle while running until she can figure how to incorporate the big
phone into her exercise routine.

But Reeher's bottom line with her iPhone 6 Plus?

"I love it," said the Cathedral Hill small-business owner, who has found herself
watching a lot of streaming videos -- including her treasured Japanese, Korean
and Taiwanese TV shows -- on the device.

Extra-large phones have been around for years. But the 5 1/2-inch iPhone 6 Plus,
released in August, has helped accelerate the trend towards ever-bigger
handsets.

Other such megaphones include the 6-inch Google Nexus 6 and Samsung's Galaxy
Note 4 and Note Edge , the latest in the Note lineage that helped pioneer the
big-phone trend. Obscure options include Chinese-brand smartphones like the 5
1/2-inch OnePlus One and the 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 , which some in this
country have embraced.

Sales of such large phones seem to be taking off. They accounted for about 10
percent of phone sales between August and October -- up from 2 percent during
the same period in 2013 -- according to market-research firm Kantar Worldpanel.

The iPhone 6 Plus captured about 41 percent of these 2014 "phablet" sales , said
Kantar, which focused its analysis on phones with screen sizes of 5 1/2 inches
or larger.

 TABLETS GATHERING DUST

Local business analyst David Pollitt said he used to switch between his phone
and iPad "when I wanted a better gaming experience or for reading longer news
articles."

But with his iPhone 6 Plus, "I find the difference so minimal now that I either
don't bring my iPad with me anywhere or don't use it."

Seth Long of Washington State, who had previously owned an iPhone 5 and a Google
Nexus 5, likewise said the iPhone 6 Plus is so great for complex gaming that his
iPad mini gets little use now.

He adds that his Apple smartphone is great for work tasks like Google Analytics
and MailChimp e-mail-list management along with the Google Docs word processor
and Google Sheets spreadsheet app.

Minneapolis digital-marketing specialist Judy Carter said her iPhone 6 Plus has
triggered big changes in her work habits, with more of these likely to come.

"I created a few websites with my work on them and I find myself showing more
people" this content with the Apple phone. "The mobile Web looks great on it!"

Carter added, "I am also going to start filming video more and learn how to edit
and create films for websites and reports. The purchasing of the phone triggered
this because the photos and videos I take are much better quality and are easier
to take on the bigger phone."

Seattle-based software developer Buzz Bruggeman said his Kindle e-book reader
gathers dust because his 6-inch Huawei Ascend Mate 2 is "like reading a
paperback book." He's abandoned plans to buy an iPad.

Reading has become a leading activity on larger phones, largely at the expense
of tablets, according to recent statistics from Pocket , a Minnesota-spawned
service that lets users save Web content for later.

The bigger the handset, the likelier a Pocket user will choose that device over
a tablet for reading or watching videos for those who own both kinds of gadgets,
the service found.

Those who own an iPhone 6 Plus along with an iPad will do 80 percent of their
reading or watching on the phone (a figure mirrored in the Android realm),
according to Pocket. This compares with 72 percent of iPhone 6 users and 55
percent of iPhone 5s users.

 STOWING, HOLDING IT

Once obtaining such a phone, though, users have to figure out where to stash it.
Women with big purses have it easy; Reeher slips her phone into an outer purse
pocket. Men, not so much.

"I have always carried a big bag around with me," Carter said. "If anything, the
big phone is easier to find."

Kristie Glenn, another iPhone 6 Plus user, says she keeps her phone tucked away
in her purse partly out of fear.

"It's huge and I'm scared that I'm going to drop it," said Glenn, owner of the
online Blue Labels Boutique .

Wellness instructor Noreen Braman of Jamesburg, N.J., said she uses "a leather
cross body wallet" to tote around her Galaxy Note 3 phablet "when I am going
'bagless' (such as hiking or biking) because it just doesn't go well in a
pocket."

Men also have to get a bit creative because phablets can make for uncomfortably
bulky bundles in their pants pockets.

"I keep my iPhone 6 Plus in the left bib pocket of my overalls," said Kevin King
, a nurse in Metuchen, N.J.

Sean Ludwig , a recent phablet convert, loves his iPhone 6 Plus but discovered
that, like others, he needed to make wardrobe adjustments.

"I've decided to start wearing jeans that aren't as fitted, because the phone
fits better in average-sized jeans pockets," said Ludwig, head of communications
for tech startup.

"Thankfully, we are in winter ... and I can keep my phone in my coat pockets
rather than my pants pockets most of the time," he said. "I'm not sure how well
it will work when I'm wearing shorts in the summer."

Ludwig added: "I also am holding the phone differently, in that I hold the phone
with two hands most of the time so I don't drop it. The device is highly
fragile, and I don't want to break it."

 THE PHYSICAL STRAIN

Using such a large phone can be a physical strain for some, too.

Even the relatively compact 5.1-inch Samsung Galaxy S5 used to give Pollitt, the
business analyst, hand cramps, so he said he "bought a grip strengthener to work
out my thumbs before I got my iPhone 6 Plus. I'm glad I did because it is a
beast and extending my thumb to the far side of the screen is a stretch."

Pollitt added, "Most of the time the big screen is awesome and I don't find it
to be a problem. When it can be a pain is when my newborn son is sleeping in one
of my arms and I simply can't use the phone one handed!"

For some, the bigger phone size is just too big.

"I traded in my broken iPhone 5s last week for a 6 Plus, which is kind of dumb
when you are a woman with shorter fingers," said Lisa Dubbels , president of
Minneapolis-based Catalyst Publicity & Promotion Group. "I'm probably going to
bring it back for a regular 6, because I can't do anything with one hand now."

On the bright side, "I can read text without my contacts now," said Dubbels,
"and joke with my husband that I have the Reader's Digest large-print-edition
iPhone."

Some have figured out the trick to physically manipulating an extra-big, often
awkward smartphone -- they don't (at least much of the time).

When Kevin Schoonover of Cottage Grove switched to a Windows Phone-based Nokia
Lumia 1520 handset, he also became a heavy user of Bluetooth headsets from the
likes of LG, Phiaton and Sony.

Likewise Paul Saarinen of Shoreview keeps his Note 3 tucked in his back pants
pocket while keeping it paired with an LG Tone, a necklace-like Bluetooth device
with earbuds for voice calls and other audio, and an LG smartwatch with the
Android Wear operating system for getting his phone notifications.

Some phone users, meantime, are pining for even-larger handsets that cross fully
into small-tablet territory -- but retain full cell-phone functionality, which
traditional tablets typically do not.

"I use a (Samsung Galaxy) Note 3 and would buy a 7-inch tablet as a phone if
they made one," said Howard Suissa , a principal at Alberta, Canada-based Suissa
Design.

"For the 10 minutes a week I actually use my phone as a held-to-the-ear device,"
said Suissa, "I would rather have a tablet with cell capability than a big-ass
phone."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ellen Reeher uses her IPhone Plus to make a call, in St. Paul on
Tuesday, December 23, 2014 ( Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
Ellen Reeher owns an IPhone 6 Plus and has found ways to accomodate its larger
size, usual keeping it in her back pocket, photographed on Monday, December 22,
2014. ( Pioneer Press: Scott Takushi)
A collection of phones demonstrating how they have changed over the years.
Photographed on Wednesday, December 24, 2014, 2014.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Phones 4u administrators rule out iPhone 6 offer

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 302 words


Customers who preordered Apple's iPhone 6 through Phones 4u before it collapsed
have been told they will not receive a refund.

The announcement, by adminstrators at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), means that
customers could lose up to £700 on orders which cannot be fulfilled because the
retailer was shut before the phones could be issued. At least 130 Phones 4u
customers have been affected.

Phones 4u went into administration on 15 September, four days before the iPhone
6 and its larger version, the iPhone 6 Plus, went on sale. The retailer had
allowed people to preorder the devices on its site until it was forced to close
after mobile phone networks withdrew their business.

PwC had said customers who had preordered the phones would be entitled to cancel
their order and receive a full refund. But now PwC says that because Apple did
not supply any iPhones to Phones 4u, it cannot honour orders. Instead, those who
ordered through the company will be treated as unsecured creditors.

PwC has advised those who paid for the preorder with a credit card to contact
their card issuer, which can be liable to make a refund under Section 75 of the
Consumer Credit Act. "Unfortunately we do not have any iPhone 6s. Therefore
customers who have preordered an iPhone 6 through Phones 4U will not receive
their purchase," it said.

A Carphone Warehouse spokesperson said: "We understand Phones 4u customers have
been told they won't receive a refund on iPhone 6 pre-orders. We are offering to
reimburse Phones 4u customers for any money paid upfront when they buy their new
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus from us. All they have to do is come into our stores with
printed evidence of their pre-order."

Captions:

Customers could lose up to £700 on orders that cannot be fulfilled because
Phones 4u was shut before the iPhone 6 could be issued

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Crossroads residents line up for new iPhone

BYLINE: Laura Garcia, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 247 words


Sept. 20--A crowd of about 40 people stood in line for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus smartphones outside the AT&T store on Navarro Street on Friday morning.

Some people waited in line overnight to get the newest model released by Apple.

About 2 p.m. Friday, the store still had the iPhone 6 in stock but had run out
of the iPhone 6 Plus. Store employees said they expect it won't be in stock
again until mid-November.

The iPhone 6 has a 4.5-inch touch-screen and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
screen. The previous model, the iPhone 5s had a 4-inch screen.

A team of employees waited inside, anticipating the rush when doors opened at 8
a.m. -- something they plan for every year.

"This had been a really successful launch," said assistant sales manager Luz
Lobo.

She took names for the waiting list to meet with a sales associate at one of the
store's two entrances which at the time, was a 35-minute wait.

Before the doors opened, an employee told customers waiting outside they were
welcome to wait but the shipment would arrive at 10:30 a.m. and they didn't know
how many iPhones it contained.

Lobo said she could not disclose how many phones they received.

According to an Apple press release, the company began taking preorders for the
new iPhones on Sept. 12, when a record 4 million orders were made within the
first 24 hours.

___ (c)2014 Victoria Advocate (Victoria, Texas) Visit Victoria Advocate
(Victoria, Texas) at www.victoriaadvocate.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-VI-Crossroads-residents-line-up-for-new-iPhone-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2014 Victoria Advocate


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Belfast's technophiles queue to get first bite at Apple's new iPhone

BYLINE: AMANDA FERGUSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 181 words


EAGER gadget fans in Belfast queued in droves to be the first to get their hands
on the new iPhone 6 (£539-£699) and 6 Plus (£619-£789) which went on sale
yesterday.

At the Apple store in Victoria Square people young and old waited patiently to
purchase the coveted new smartphone. Across the UK many people camped overnight
to be among the first to get their hands on Apple''s first tablet-style iPhone
with a screen measuring 5.5-inches diagonally.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the biggest ever iPhone, but it is thinner than the iPhone
5s.

Where the iPhone 5s was 7.6mm thin, the iPhone 6 Plus is just 7.1mm. The iPhone
6 is even smaller at 6.9mm.

Apple says the iPhone is "still comfortable to hold and easy to use".

Meanwhile, Irish band U2 have come in for criticism from 'Bono bashers' across
the globe for the band''s decision to accept a multimillion pound deal with
Apple, who then gave away their new album - Songs Of Innocence - for free on
iTunes.

Some angry Apple customers have complained that they could not remove the
band''s free album download easily if they did not want to have it.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: iPhone fans queueing in Victoria Square yesterday KEVIN SCOTT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     September 8, 2014 Monday 11:56 AM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6 launch tomorrow? How to watch Apple's release event
online;
With just a day to go until Apple unveil the next-generation iPhone, here's
everything you know about the event and how to watch it

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1053 words


There's just a day to go until Apple's biggest hardware event in years - the
iPhone 6 launch.

Rumours about the features, specs and style of the next-generation iPhone have
set the internet ablaze in recent weeks - fuelled by a series of leaked pictures
claiming to give a glimpse of the new device.

As well as revealing two models of iPhone 6 - with 4.7" and 5.5" screens -
there's widespread speculation Apple are gearing up to make their first move
into wearable technology tomorrow.

Many believe they're set to reveal an iWatch - which would act as a home
automation remote control and a health and activity tracker - at tomorrow's
event.

The best bit is you can watch the event as it unfolds in the comfort of your own
home.

And of course we'll be providing full coverage and commentary as it happens.

Here's what you can expect from the launch event, and all the ways you can
stream it online.What can we expect to see at the keynote?

Everyone's fairly certain that Apple are going to launch the two iPhone 6 models
at Tomorrow's event - but could they have a few surprises up their sleeves?

The cryptic invitations sent out to journalists last week carried the enigmatic
phrase "Wish we could say more."

This phrase could be taken in a number of ways - but many see it as a reference
to there being a few things kept under wraps. Most people now believe this will
be the revelation of a wearable device - the iWatch.

There's also speculation it could refer to improvements to Apple's voice command
system - Siri - or increased battery life.

The other big surprise being kept under wraps is the three story structure being
built by Apple near the Flint centre. Nobody knows what's underneath the big
white box, but most believe it's a hands-on centre for journalists to have a go
on their new device.

What's in Apple's giant white box?

Aside from that, the keynote's bound to see contributions from CEO Tim Cook,
Senior Vice Presidents Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue and Phil Schiller.

Design chief Jony Ive, who is in charge of the look and feel of both Apple's
hardware and iOS software, doesn't do the stage show, but he's bound to show up
in a few videos with his hypnotic, whispery English voice.When will the iPhone 6
launch be?

Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 on Tuesday, September 9th, at a major event in
the tech giant's home town of Cupertino.

They're holding the event at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts, the venue
they used to launch the original Mac computer and the iPhone 5.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held an event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Centre
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue at their headquarters.

But the Flint Centre has a much higher capacity - approximately 2,405 seats -
than those other venues, suggesting Apple is looking to launch its new products
with a larger than usual bang.

The event kicks off at 10am California time, which works out to 6pm UK time.How
can I watch the event online?

You'll be able to watch the event through the iTunes app on any iPhone, iPad or
iPod Touch.

There'll also be a special event app icon appearing on the home screen of Apple
TV devices on the day of the keynote.

It'll also be streamed on Apple.com, but you'll need to have a Mac running at
least Snow Leopard and Safari 5.1.10 to watch. PC users are out of luck.

You can also follow all the events with the latest information and commentary
with our full live coverage.What will the iPhone 6 look like?

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

A video has been released online which claims to show an entire iPhone 6
constructed from parts leaked from the production line.

iPhone 6 cobbled together from leaked factory parts

An alleged leaked schematic suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick - and the
4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features can we expect?

The  iPhone  6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone  a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture
Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by Sony .

Apple is also understood to be working with Mastercard, Visa and American
Express to bring a contactless digital payment system to iPhone 6.

The new screen - on the 4.7" version, at least - is thought to have a higher
resolution than previous models.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.            What about the iWatch?

Fans have expected Apple to get into the wearable technology business for a
while, and rumour has it they're going to bolster Tuesday's event by unveiling
the iWatch.

Not much is known about the iWatch, but it's thought it'll tie in closely with
Apple's new HeathKit activity and fitness tracking framework - collecting data
on the user's heart rate, motion and more.

It could also provide a bridge between Siri's voice command system and HomeKit,
Apple's new home automation system - allowing users to remote control smart
lightbulbs, door locks and appliances via the watch.

There's been speculation that HealthKit will be able to automatically put your
iPhone into Do Not Disturb mode when it recognises you're working out - and even
nag you if you haven't been to the gym in a while.

Would you want your iPhone or watch nagging you to go to the gym? How much will
iPhone 6 cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

Will you get the iPhone on launch day?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Samsung Galaxy S6 vs Apple iPhone 6: Which looks better?

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: MOBILES

LENGTH: 527 words


There are no two ways about it that Apple's iPhone 6 and Samsung's Galaxy S6
edge are two of the most good looking smartphones you can buy right now.
Interestingly, Samsung has taken a page out of Apple's design notebook,
liberally using glass and metal in the Galaxy S6's construction. We try to find
out which out of the two is a better looking device...

Samsung has got rid of the removable back cover (and battery) in favour of a
premium unibody shell. The Galaxy S6 edge looks even more unique with its
display curving on the left and right sides meeting the metal frame with utmost
precision. The S6 edge is without doubt a head-turner! The metal frame is
thinner at the left and right edges and thicker at the top and bottom edges,
compared to the iPhone 6. In fact, you may not notice the left and right edges
at first glance.

The iPhone 6 is all glass at the front, tapered at the edges giving the phone a
smoother finish compared to its predecessor but not as curved as the Galaxy S6
edge. Both phones feature a hardware Home key that also integrates a fingerprint
sensor.

The metal frame used in both of the phones feel durable yet premium but Apple's
frame is more consistent in shape (mainly because the S6 edge has the edge
display). The iPhone's edges are also more rounded while the edge's are
chamfered like that of the iPhone 5/5S. The bottom edge of the two phones looks
very similar with both the charging ports (iPhone has a lightning port) and
headphone jack placed close to each other along with the speaker outlet. Of
course, the speaker grills look different and the Samsung also has two antenna
slot inserts.

Both phones have metal buttons for power/lock and volume rocker keys and Apple
also offers the mute switch, all located at the left and right edges. The power
key is placed almost at the middle of the right edge in the Samsung for
convenience though even Apple's placement is also not cumbersome.

The back of the iPhone 6 is all metal with some plastic inserts acting as the
antenna while Samsung, for the first time, has used glass (Gorilla Glass 4) at
the back making the phone a bit fragile. However, the Galaxy S6's glass, as we
saw in our week-long usage, is scratch-proof and does not crack even when the
smartphone is dropped from a height of approximately 3-feet.

The S6's camera protrudes out from the back and looks a little awkward. Even the
iPhone 6 camera is not exactly flush with the body but the module is not that
big so you don't notice it much.

The iPhone 6 is slightly narrower and shorter, thinner by just 0.1mm and 3grams
lighter in weight but then it also features less screen real estate (4.7-inch vs
5.1-inch).

Our Take: Both iPhone 6 and Galaxy S6 Edge are stunners when it comes to looks.
However, the latter has an 'edge' (excuse the pun) due to the novelty of the
curved display. We also don't really like the iPhone 6's ugly plastic bands
(only tolerable on the space grey version, in our opinion).

Dimensions:

iPhone 6 - 138.1x67x6.9mm

Galaxy S6 edge - 142x70.1x70mm

Weight:

iPhone 6 - 129gram

Galaxy S6 edge - 132gram

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    November 26, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Black Friday 2014 iPhone 6 Deals, Cyber Monday Sales, Reviews are Now at
ThankShopping.com

LENGTH: 286  words


Nov. 26 -- US-based ThankShopping.com issued the following news release:

ThankShopping.com, a user-friendly website that offers shoppers lists of gift
recommendations for the 2014 holiday season, has just listed the iPhone 6 as one
of the most-wanted holiday gifts. In addition, for shoppers who hope to purchase
the latest version of the iPhone for this Christmas season, the website offers
deals information and a price check on the popular phone.

The founders of ThankShopping.com understand that teens and adults alike are
hoping to find the new iPhone 6 under the tree on Christmas morning. They also
realize that a lot of shoppers are wondering how the phone will be priced over
Thanksgiving weekend, when a lot of people are out looking for good deals.
Because of this, they are providing the latest information about the iPhone 6.
By visiting ThankShopping.com before they shop, people can get a price check on
the popular phone.

With its A8 processor and large 4.7 inch screen, the iPhone 6 has been compared
to a slimmed-down version of an iPad Air. Even though it is larger than many
other smartphones, the iPhone 6 is not hard to hold, and actually fits quite
nicely into the palm of the hand.

The iPhone 6 also boasts a nice quality camera as well as an improved keyboard,
and voice-over LTE support. While the battery will still tend to run down fairly
quickly when a lot of programs and apps are in use, the iPhone 6's improved
battery life is definitely evident.

Shoppers who would like to learn more about the 2014 deals and sales for the
iPhone 6 may visit the (ThankShopping.com) website in late November and early
December; there, they can find deals information about the product.

Source: ThankShopping.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            October 11, 2013 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone 6 May Be Released In Record Time As Soon As April, Says Analyst

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ that the iPhone 6 will have a 4.8-inch display and will be
launched next September. White said Apple also will introduce the iWatch
smartwatch in 2014. An Apple supplier told White the iWatch will be more than
an+ extension of the iPhone, but will act as a "multi-purpose gateway in
allowing consumers to control their home (i.e., heating/cooling, lights, audio,
video, etc.)," White said. "We found this discussion interesting as it opened
our eyes to why the + "iWatch' has the pot

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 232 words


Historically, Apple has released a new iPhone roughly every 12 months. But that
could change with the iPhone 6.

A source in the tech supply chain in China and Taiwan told Cantor Fitzgerald
analyst Brian White that the Apple iPhone 6 is expected to launch in Q2 or Q3
2014. That would mean the rumored bigger-screen iPhone would come out between
April and September.

An April release would be just seven months after the Sept. 20 debut of the
iPhone 5 S and 5 C handsets. Since the first iPhone launched in June 2007, the
quickest Apple has come out with a new iPhone has been 11 months.

Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said Wednesday he expects the
iPhone 6 to come out late in Q2 2014, or nine months after the iPhone 5 S and 5
C.

Apple might be feeling pressure to come out with new smartphones faster because
its chief rival, Samsung, is on a rapid release cycle. This year, Samsung has
flooded the market with niche versions of its Galaxy S4 smartphone and Galaxy
Note 3 phablet. They include a ruggedized smartphone (Galaxy S4 Active), a
handset with a high-resolution camera (Galaxy S4 Zoom) and a phablet with a
curved glass display (Galaxy Round).

In a research note Thursday, White said the bigger screen iPhone would have a
display approaching 5 inches, vs. 4 inches for the iPhone 5 series. Jefferies
analyst Peter Misek said in a research note Mondayresearch note Monday

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 10:16 AM GMT

iPhone fans snap up new handsets

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 392 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Unveiled... new Apple iPhones and watch

BYLINE: Ben Endley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 251 words


APPLE launched two new iPhones and its long-awaited wristwatch yesterday.

The cutting-edge computer firm unveiled the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well
as the Apple Watch during a high-tech show near the company's headquarters in
Cupertino, California.

Chief executive Tim Cook said: "This is an important day in Apple's history.
Today, we are pleased to announce the biggest advancement in iPhone."

The new phones appear to have undergone significant changes from the 4in iPhone
5s. Both are thinner but with larger screens. The iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5in
screen while the iPhone 6's is 4.7in.

The phones are due to go on sale on September 19 with a heavy price tag. The
iPhone 6 will start from the equivalent of £124 when bought with a two-year
contract in the US while the iPhone 6 Plus will start at £186. UK prices are
expected to be even higher.

Among the new features is Apple Pay - allowing shoppers to pay for goods by
tapping their phone. It will have a US launch this year but Apple did not reveal
the UK launch date.

The phones also have an improved camera and longer battery life.

Meanwhile, Cook described the watch as "the most personal product Apple have
ever made". It is controlled from a dial on the side and has a dictation
function. US prices will start at £217 and it will be available from early 2015.

Last night, a queue for the phones had started forming outside the Apple shop in
Regent Street, London.

Hungarian Zoltan Wiettchen, 24, was hoping to sell his place at the front for
£1,000.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple boss Tim Cook introduces high-tech watch in California yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Ncell launches iPhone with service bundling

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 20 -- Ncell on Friday launched the Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus smartphones with is service bundling.

Under the scheme, customers will get 1GB data per month for six months on
purchase of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Buyers of the iPhone 5S will get
300MB per month for six months.

The 16GB iPhone 6 Plus is priced at Rs 94,499, 64GB at Rs 107,999 and 128GB at
Rs 120,999. Similarly, the 16GB iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 83,999, 64GB at
Rs 94,499 and 128GB at Rs 107,999.

However, the company said the prices may vary based on the US dollar exchange
rate. The phone is also available on Equal Monthly Installment (EMI) basis from
Nepal Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and NABIL Bank, according to Ncell.

"We are pleased to offer to our customers the premium handsets from Apple
bundled with our services. This association of top brands, we believe, will
provide special value for them," said Sanju Koirala, corporate communications
director of Ncell.

Customers can buy the iPhone from seven Ncell Centers, including at Krishna
Tower, Durbarmarg, Maharajgunj, Kumaripati, Chabahil, Kalanki and Banepa.

"This is the first time Apple has been launched officially in Nepal. Now
customer will be benefited with genuine after sales service and Apple global
warranty," said Pranay Raj Acharya, B2B director of Ncell, adding Ncell SIM and
data that come with the handsets ensure additional value.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

BYLINE: CHEN HONG/CHAI HUA

LENGTH: 440  words


As of Tuesday afternoon, Shenzhen officials had seized more than 200 iPhone 6
handsets smuggled from Hong Kong. Another 1,600 identified as self-use goods had
import duties imposed on them or were returned to Hong Kong.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. CHINA DAILY

Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

The phones have been on the market in 10 countries and regions since Sept 19 but
were excluded from the Chinese mainland.

As of Tuesday afternoon, Shenzhen officials had seized more than 200 iPhone 6
handsets smuggled from Hong Kong. Another 1,600 identified as self-use goods had
import duties imposed on them or were returned to Hong Kong, customs data
showed.

"We target smugglers who illegally carry the phones from Hong Kong to Shenzhen
for profit. Individuals who bought phones for their own use just need to pay the
duty and will not be punished," said a press official, surnamed Li, at the Luohu
checkpoint.

Apple's iPhones are on a list of 20 items on which duty must be paid. The duty
is about 10 percent, Li said.

About half of the new iPhones were caught at the checkpoint, one of the
country's busiest land checkpoints.

On Sept 20, customs officials at Luohu saw a man acting suspiciously. He seemed
to want to keep his distance from inspectors, who eventually discovered eight
iPhones hidden inside his underpants.

Two days later, two men were caught carrying three iPhones inside their
underpants in a joint effort by Shenzhen and Hong Kong customs authorities.

"We will remain on high alert, because the smugglers will invent ways to
illegally bring in new iPhones," Li said.

At the Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest grey
markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong, the cost of a 16
gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus varies from 11,000 to 15,000 yuan ($1,790 to $2,440). The
price at an Apple store is about HK$6,390 ($830).

The price for a regular iPhone 6 is lower[#xff0d]about 7,050 yuan[#xff0d]but
still above the official price in Hong Kong of HK$5,588.

"The price of an iPhone 6 is down by 2,000 yuan compared with three days ago,"
one seller said, "So I suggest if you have one and want to sell it, you do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

At Zhongguancun in Beijing, one of the largest electronic markets in North
China, the iPhone 6 Plus sold at no less than 16,500 yuan on Monday, Beijing
Evening News reported.

Apple sells more than 10m new iPhones in 1st 3-day
Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 7, 2015 Monday 3:02 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumoured to feature pressure-sensitive 3D Touch Display - and it could
make you better at FIFA;
Is Apple feeling the pressure? The new display on the iPhone 6s will be able to
tell how hard you press, say experts

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 733 words


Apple will be introducing a "3D Touch Display" when it reveals the
highly-anticipated iPhone 6s later this week, according to new rumours.

The screen will be able to differentiate between three different levels of
pressure: a tap, a press and a prolonged press.

Experts suggest it is a revamped version of the same "Force Touch" technology
used in the Apple Watch and new Macbook computer.

It will mean app developers can build extra functionality into their programs or
games.

Imagine playing FIFA and being able to control the power of your shot or pass
with how hard you press down on the screen.

According to Apple site 9to5Mac, the 3D Touch name comes from the screen's
ability to sense three separate dimensions of pressure, compared to just two.

Have your say in our new comments section below

Apple is also believed to be making the body of the new iPhone stronger -
avoiding the "bendgate" criticism it has faced in the past.

Something that could be even more important if we're pressing our phones even
harder.

Here's a round up of all the other iPhone 6s intelligence we've gleaned so far:

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices.

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5s were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6s, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C .

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones.

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Apple revenue soars to record $42.1 billion

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 667 words


CUPERTINO -- Red-hot iPhone sales propelled Apple to a record-breaking quarter,
with the company handily beating analysts' projections for revenue and profit.

Capping off a quarter in which it spruced up its signature iPhone and broke into
new product categories, Apple reported earnings of $1.42 a share on $42.1
billion revenue, topping revenue of $37.5 billion in the same quarter last year.
Apple profit also surged, to $8.5 billion from $7.5 billion in the same period a
year ago. Revenue set a record for Apple in the fourth quarter, growing at the
strongest rate in seven quarters.

Apple's performance topped Wall Street's expectations. Analysts expected Apple
to log earnings of $1.31 a share on revenue of $39.9 billion, according to a
survey conducted by Thomson Reuters.

Apple CEO Tim Cook cheered the company's financial performance, which he chalked
up to robust sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

"Demand for the iPhone has been staggering," he said during an earnings call.
"We're working hard to fill orders as fast as possible."

Apple is anticipating an even greater windfall in the coming months. The company
forecast revenue of $63.5 billion to $66.5 billion for first quarter of 2015,
which will include the bustling holiday season.

Analysts roundly predicted a record quarter for Apple after the company rolled
out the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last month to rabid excitement from consumers. The
phones feature significantly larger screens, which Apple customers have long
craved. Even though the phones went on sale near the end of Apple's fourth
quarter, which closed Sept. 27, that was still enough to put Apple over the top.

Apple said it sold 39.27 million iPhones in the quarter, up from 33.79 million
in the same period a year ago. Analysts expected the company to sell 37.89
million smartphones in the quarter, according to a poll conducted by Fortune
magazine.

Apple said 60 percent of its revenue in the quarter came from international
sales. The new iPhones went on sale in China only last week, which some analysts
felt dampened Apple's sales in the fourth quarter. Cook revealed during the call
that only about 20 percent of Chinese customers use a subsidy to buy the iPhone,
attesting to strong demand for the gadget in the country.

But the earnings indicate Apple still has some work to do to goose sales of its
tablet. The company sold 12.3 million iPads, down 13 percent from the previous
year. Sales of the tablet have been sagging over the past year, and Forrester
forecast "tepid demand" for the quarter. Analysts expected Apple to sell 13.17
million iPads in the period, according to Fortune.

Cook stressed that he remains optimistic about the iPad's prospects, referring
to the latest sales as merely a "speed bump."

"That said, we want to grow," he said. "We don't like negative numbers on these
things."

Cook said questions still surround the upgrade cycle for tablets, a relatively
new product category, but noted that people appear to be hanging onto their
iPads longer than their iPhones. He added that "cannibalization" is most likely
at work, with customers buying some Apple products at the expense of others.

"I'm sure some people looked at an iPad and a Mac and decided on a Mac," he
said. "I'm fine with that, by the way."

The Mac, by contrast, was a bright spot in Apple's portfolio. The company sold
5.52 million Macs in the fourth quarter, up 21 percent from the same period last
year. Analysts said those figures were particularly impressive given the
sluggish PC market.

"The PC guys are having very slow growth," said Tim Bajarin of Creative
Strategies. "Yet Apple continues to grow significantly."

Cook noted during the call that Apple continues to struggle to meet demand for
its new iPhones. Analyst John Jackson of IDC said that bodes well for the
following quarter.

"There's a lot of runway for these new models and that could really propel Apple
over the next couple of quarters," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man wearing a child on his chest (who declined to be identified)
checks out the new iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Chestnut St. in San Francisco,
Calif., on Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. The newest iPhone, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus went on sale today to long lines of eager customers. (Dan Honda/Bay Area
News Group)
OREM, UT - SEPTEMBER 18: An Apple iPhone 6 phones are taken out of a shipping
box at a Verizon store on September 18, 2014 in Orem, Utah. Apple's new iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus go on sale September 20. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images
*** BESTPIX ***

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Product Event Gets Muted Approval Despite No Surprises; Analyst Sees
"Plenty To Like'; IPhone advances include a new rose gold model; iPad, TV, Watch
upgraded

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1277 words


Apple's fall product launch event Wednesday provided little to excite investors.
The products were all widely expected and were either tweaks to existing devices
or niche products unlikely to move the needle for the massive consumer
electronics vendor.

But several analysts issued upbeat reports about the new products, spurring a
modest rebound in Apple shares Thursday. Apple stock rose 2.2% Thursday, to
112.57. On Wednesday, Apple stock fell 1.9% as investors reacted to the iPhone 6
S, iPad Pro and new Apple TV.

Apple did not announce a big new offering like its rumored Internet TV service
or reveal a major initiative like developing an Apple electric car. (It did poke
fun at the Internet chatter on the latter.) Details about the company's latest
iPhones, iPads and TV set-top box had leaked to the tech press ahead of
Wednesday's event in San Francisco.

"Some might be disappointed that Apple isn't reinventing the world," UBS analyst
Steven Milunovich said in a research report Thursday. "But Apple is now
mainstream and not the upstart. Consolidating its ecosystem and pragmatically
improving upon current products plays to the large installed base and
increasingly annuity-like revenue streams."

Milunovich rates Apple stock a buy, with a 12-month price target of 150.

RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani said Apple's fall product line
offered "plenty to like." Apple's stock could climb once the first-weekend
iPhone 6 S sales numbers come in and initial demand becomes apparent, he said in
a note Wednesday.

Daryanani rates Apple stock outperform with a price target of 150.

IPhones Incremental Upgrades

The company's ninth-generation iPhones look the same as last year's models, with
the exception of a new rose-gold color model. But Apple touted a host of new
capabilities and features afforded by upgraded components, such as a
pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor and improved front- and
rear-facing cameras.

The 3 D Touch display lets users preview emails without opening them, get
glimpses of other content and expose shortcuts for apps. The new touch display
can tell the difference between a soft press and a hard one.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina display as a flash for
taking better selfies.

Apple also introduced a feature called Live Photos, which automatically turns
still photos into 1.5-second video clips. Some likened the special effect to
something out of a Harry Potter movie.

The iPhone 6 S uses Apple's A9 processor, its third-generation 64-bit chip. It
provides a 70% faster CPU and 90% faster graphics performance vs. the A8 chip.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 S Plus will be available for
pre-order starting Saturday and will be in stores Sept. 25.

Apple delivered "meaningful updates" with the new iPhones, which should continue
the upgrade momentum started with last year's iPhone 6 series, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a note Wednesday. He rates Apple stock outperform.

Of the new features, the two most likely to encourage iPhone 6 users to upgrade
are the rose-gold model and the Live Photos function, Rosenblatt Securities
analysts Jun Zhang and Martin Pyykkonen said in a report Thursday.

"Consumers in the Asian market are big fans of the rose-gold color, which can be
seen through Samsung's great success with their rose-gold version of the Galaxy
S4," they said. "In addition, it is notable that cameras and photo software are
some of the biggest factors in a consumer's decision to upgrade phones."

Getting iPhone 5 and 5 S customers to upgrade to the latest handsets is the key
for the iPhone 6 S, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said in a
note Thursday. Some 73% of iPhone users have yet to upgrade to the iPhone 6
series, he said.

Jumbo iPad With Jumbo Price

Apple added a larger iPad to its tablet lineup targeted to creative
professionals and enterprise users. The iPad Pro has a 12.9-inch display vs. the
9.7-inch regular iPad and 7.9-inch iPad Mini.

The iPad Pro works with an optional stylus called the Apple Pencil and an
attachable Smart Keyboard.

The Apple Pencil can be used for drawing, sketching, painting and note-taking on
the device. The keyboard turns the iPad Pro into a laptop replacement like
Microsoft's Surface computer.

Apple highlighted business and education uses for the iPad Pro during the launch
event, which featured demonstrations of Microsoft Office software and Adobe
Systems creative software optimized for the jumbo tablet.

The iPad Pro costs $799 for the 32-gigabyte model with Wi-Fi and $1,079 for the
Wi-Fi plus cellular model with 128 GB of data storage. The Apple Pencil will
cost $99 and the Smart Keyboard will sell for $169.

The new tablets and accessories will be available in November.

The iPad Pro could cannibalize some sales of the MacBook PCs, Nomura analyst
Jeffrey Kvaal said in a report Thursday. An iPad Pro with a keyboard and stylus
would cost at least $1,067.

"This could break either way for Apple depending on whether people trade up from
a $999 MacBook Air or down from a $1,299 MacBook Pro," Kvaal said.

Apple TV Catches Up To Rivals

Apple's fourth-generation Apple TV streaming video box offers support for
playing video games and a new remote control with Siri voice search and
commands.

The Siri remote also has a glass touch surface for fast and fluid navigation
through on-screen menus and built-in motion controls for gaming and other apps.

The Siri-enabled remote also provides universal search for finding programs to
watch across different services including Netflix, Hulu, HBO, Showtime and
Apple's iTunes.

The new Apple TV also will have its own App Store for third-party developers to
offer games and other TV apps.

The latest set-top box will be available in late October, starting at $149 for a
32-GB model and $199 for a 64-GB model.

"We believe it is the future of television," Apple CEO Tim Cook said at the
event.

But IHS analyst Paul Erickson said the new Apple TV merely catches up the
capabilities of rival set-top boxes like Amazon.com's Fire TV, which has voice
controls and an app store for games and video channels.

"The new Apple TV is an evolutionary, not revolutionary, update," Erickson said
in a statement. "While this is a significant step up for Apple TV from its last
model iteration, many of the features are already state-of-the market -- TiVo
and others have universal search; Roku, Fire TV, LG, Android TV, and others have
voice search; gaming is on other platforms as well."

Apple's new set-top box is expensive compared with the $35 Google Chromecast and
Roku devices, which cost $99 or less, he said.

"This latest update to Apple TV is an iterative move that does well in capturing
the attention and purchase decision of people already within the Apple
ecosystem, but a high price premium and a lack of truly game changing
functionality will ensure that the device's appeal and qualitative total
available market continues to remain constrained to largely the iOS device owner
base," Erickson said.

Apple Watch Goes Hermes

Apple also expanded its Apple Watch lineup with a new high-end collection in
partnership with French luxury fashion house Hermes.

The Apple Watch Hermes collection marries bands made with Hermes signature
leather with a specially designed watch face. Apple's Hermes watches will range
from $1,100 to $1,500 and go on sale Oct. 5.

Apple also introduced new gold and rose gold aluminum Apple Watch Sport models,
plus a range of sports bands in colors from vibrant hues to more neutral tones.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

How much can you get for your iPhone?

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 764 words


Blayne Slabbert takes a look at the market for secondhand iPhones.

--------------------

Next week, Tim Cook will stand on a stage in San Francisco to unveil a new
iPhone model.

Shortly after the Apple chief executive delivers his speech, some of you will
start wondering about upgrading your current iPhone.

But what is it worth, and what can you expect to pay secondhand for older
iPhones models?

Figures from auction website Trade Me show there is a spike in searches for
iPhones after each new model is released.

However, data from January to June this year shows that while about 100,000
iPhones were listed on the New Zealand site, it's not always the latest models
that get the most attention.

The results show the iPhone 5 was the most popular handset in terms of the
number of listings created over that period. This was followed by the iPhone 5S
(2013), the iPhone 4S (2011), and then the iPhone 6 (2014) in fourth place.

The most purchased iPhone model over that same timeframe was the iPhone 5,
followed closely by the iPhone 5S, and the iPhone 4S. In fourth place again was
the iPhone 6.

The demand for smaller, more affordable iPhones possibly shows that Apple made a
smart move by releasing the 4-inch iPhone SE earlier this year.

However, people still covet the latest handsets, with data showing Apple's 6
model is the most popular when it comes to searches.

Here's what to expect if you do plan on selling your iPhone secondhand. The
prices reflect devices in good to excellent condition with no dents or cracks.

iPhone 4S

This model is really getting dated now. In October, it'll be five years old,
which in smartphone years means it's due for the retirement home.

However, Apple has made an effort to keep the 4S current and it is compatible
with the latest operating system that is due to be released next week.

The screen is tiny - 3.5-inches - but you still get a good phone that was worth
$1049 when it first went on sale. However, expect its resale value to decline.

Secondhand: $150 (8GB) - $300 (16GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5

Since this is the most listed phone on Trade Me, it appears many people are
selling it to upgrade.

There will probably be more listings after the next model is announced so if you
are after a 5, it may be a good time to get a deal.

It's still a great phone and is quite a bit better than the 4S. It's got a
bigger screen, 4G and its twice as fast, which is why many are still buying them
on Trade Me.

Secondhand: $250 (16GB) - $450 (32GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5C

This plastic-backed model is still popular and is a great entry-level device.

However, there is a lot of 5C iPhones on Trade Me so it could take a while to
sell. Any first-time smartphone owner would be happy with this device.

Secondhand: $250 (8GB) - $380 (16GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 5s

There is little difference between this model and the 5, but it still sells for
more. There are hundreds of these listed on Trade Me which is good if you are
looking for one to buy.

Secondhand: $300 (16GB) - $600 (64GB).

New: Not available to buy new anymore.

iPhone 6 (2015)

This was the first model to feature a larger 4.7-inch screen and it proved a
sales winner for Apple.

Trade Me data shows this model is the most popular in terms of search.

This may be good news for all those after a 6 as a new iPhone coming on the
market will mean more older devices going on sale.

The 6-Plus models sell for about $200 more.

Secondhand: $500 (16GB) - $900 (64GB).

New: $999 (16GB) - $1199 (64GB).

iPhone 6S

If you are selling a 6S to upgrade to what will probably be the iPhone 7, then
you're probably an early adopter and are not worried about spending money on a
new phone.

If the new model proves a winner, then you may see a flurry of the 6S devices
coming on the market as other fans rush to upgrade.

The Plus models sell for about $200 more.

Secondhand: $800 (16GB) - $1100 (64GB).

New: $1199 (16GB), $1399 (64GB), $1599 (128GB).

iPhone SE

The most recent addition to Apple's iPhone lineup. It went on sale only in March
so unless you're having major regrets about your current model's screen size,
it's hard to see why you'd really want to upgrade.

However, if you're looking to buy an iPhone SE secondhand, you don't have much
choice. There's only a few of these listed for sale on Trade Me at any one time.

Secondhand: $650 (16GB) - $850 (64GB).

New: $749 (16GB) - $949 (64GB).

--------------------

CAPTION:

Apple's iPhone 5C model is still popular and it's a great entry-level device for
buyers wanting one of the company's handsets.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  News Shopper

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

PICTURES: Huge queues for launch of iPhone 6 at Bluewater and intu Bromley

BYLINE: Patrick Grafton-Green

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


Hundreds of people queued outside Bluewater and intu Bromley shopping centres
last night, as iPhone 6 fever gripped south east London and north Kent.

Overnight, 400 people joined the queue for the new iPhone at Bluewater, with the
first people turning up at around 3pm.

Camping outside Apple BlueWater from now till 8am to get my hands on the iPhone
6 plus! #iPhone6Plus #Apple #sleepingbag

- M Steven ElHajj (@tufaa17) September 18, 2014

The Apple store said the first person in the queue, Paul Sadwell - a bit of an
Apple Bluewater celebrity - has been first in the queue for every iPhone launch.

1st in the q at bluewater for the iPhone 6 pic.twitter.com/CiUkCLFojx

- Paul sandwell (@sandwellmobiles) September 18, 2014

Some were thrilled with the new iPhone's new design...

In q at bluewater iPhone 6 just seen the new phones in the window OMG the
screens are epic pic.twitter.com/VHE7eileei

- Dave Bruce (@DaveBruce77) September 19, 2014

...while others couldn't resist having a grumble.

Bluewater is out of iPhone 6 Plus, and somehow I went from person 140 in the
queue to person 200. Typical.

- mister.d (@mister_djd) September 19, 2014

Meanwhile devotees also flocked to intu Bromley, where the Apple store opened at
8am and welcomed shoppers with free cups of coffee and cookies.

Many had started queuing overnight...

Maria Cooper, Marketing Manager for intu Bromley said: "We are very excited
about the launch and aware that intu Bromley will be a hot spot for many people
today.

"This is why we decided to open our doors earlier than usual at 6.15 this
morning, well ahead of the store opening."

Biggest que outside of the glades (intu Bromley) I'm guessing for the iPhone 6
I'm shocked

- MC Rachhhh (@jaffacak3rach) September 19, 2014

The new iPhone 6 features the latest smart-phone technology called 'Metal' which
promises to deliver enhanced effects and more detailed graphics than past
iPhone's have been capable of.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

IPHONE 6? IT'S A RUSH, ALL RIGHT

BYLINE: SUSAN THURSTON, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: Hundreds line up to get the hottest new thing in their hands.


Twelve hours.

That's how long some people stood in line to buy the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
which hit store shelves Friday.

By 8 a.m. Friday, about 400 shoppers had lined up outside International Plaza
waiting for the Apple store to open. Lines also snaked around Verizon, AT&T and
other wireless stores across the region.

Many people hunkered down for the night in tents and folding chairs, dreaming
about the moment when the next-generation iPhone would be theirs.

"It's an energy drink day," said Dena Sehweil, a 19-year-old student from Hardee
County who arrived at International Plaza around midnight ready to spend $749,
plus tax, on the next big thing.

Demand for the iPhone 6 was as strong as, if not stronger than, it was for the
iPhone 5S in 2013, with stores drawing big crowds worldwide. Apple said Monday
that it presold a record 4 million new phones within 24 hours.

"This is Apple's Black Friday," said Amid Choueiri, 42, of Tampa, who spent the
night half-sleeping in a chair.

The new iPhones have bigger screens, thinner profiles and more-rounded corners
than previous models. "Wow, that's big" was the common refrain as Apple
employees offered guests in line sneak peeks of the phones, which have 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch screens. Many compared it to that other phone, the Samsung Galaxy
Note 4.

Greg Rainha, 30, of Largo pre-ordered his phone on Sept. 12 and was first in
line to pick it up at Tampa's Apple store. He chose the smaller iPhone 6 because
he prefers to text and tap with one hand. He especially liked that it's
compatible with Apple's new mobile payment system, Apple Pay.

"It's so thin and comfortable in my pocket," he said.

Joel McGowan, 21, of Tampa came with his friends to buy an iPhone 6 Plus for
$399 with a two-year contract. He had been phoneless for a month after dropping
his iPhone in water and figured he would wait until the new one came out.

"I'm ready to get back on the grid," he said, calling life without a cellphone a
"First World problem."

Jim Thompson, 36, of Clearwater said waiting in line was worth it. The
big-screen iPhone 6 Plus will be perfect for his toddler daughter, who loves
watching Sesame Street on his phone through Netflix.

"I love the size and the weight, and the apps are so much faster," he said.
"It's an incredible phone."

Times staff writer Dan Sullivan contributed to this report. Contact Susan
Thurston at sthurston@tampabay.com or (813) 225-3110. Follow @susan_thurston.

* * *

PETER DORAN, 55, OF SPRING HILL

Favorite features on iPhone 6: "It's lighter, it's faster, it has a bigger
screen. The software is better with more bells and whistles, and Siri is a lot
more accurate and faster."

Least favorite feature: "Nothing. It's a huge step forward." Even waiting in
line for nearly 12 hours didn't bother him. "The time flew by. I met a whole
bunch of random people and kidded around. The camaraderie was awesome."

Grade: A+

* * *

AMID CHOUEIRI, 42, OF TAMPA

Favorite features on the iPhone 6 Plus: "When you turn it sideways, the apps
turn with it." He also likes the camera, with its 240-frames-per-second
slow-motion video capability.

Least favorite feature: The antenna lines on the back. "It's not on par with the
rest of the phone. It's not attractive."

Grade: B+

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2) PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times: The new phone is thinner
than the iPhone 5 and has a bigger screen. PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times:
Greg Rainha, 30, is the first to buy the iPhone 6 early Friday at the Apple
store at International Plaza. He preordered the phone, as millions of others
did. "This device will be a life changer, with all the new features it has," he
said. PHOTO - DEMETRIUS FREEMAN - Times: People who don't have reservations
queue up to buy the iPhone 6 outside International Plaza on Friday morning. A
shorter line of about 100 consisted of those with preorders and reservations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple Watch gets the buzz, but iPhone is still king

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 1038 words


Today: Apple shows off a new product, but the refreshed iPhone line will mean
more to the company's bottom line. Also: Intel shows off its next advances.

The Lead: iPhones are key to Apple revenue growth, Apple Watch adoption

Apple's debut event sparked a lot of talk about its smartwatch, the first new
device launched by the company since the iPad four years ago, but the company's
immediate future and the Apple Watch's success depend on the other gadgets
introduced Tuesday -- new iPhones.

In a highly anticipated event Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted the Apple
Watch and a mobile-payments attempt called Apple Pay, two new offerings the
Cupertino company hopes will grow revenues that have already exploded in the
past decade. The main cause of that growth has been the iPhone, Apple's
smartphone that was refreshed with two new offerings, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus.

The main focus was Apple Watch, a smartwatch that will work in concert with the
iPhone as long as the device is an iPhone 5 or newer. The device has a starting
price of $350 and offers an array of customizable features, with early reviews
proclaiming it the best smartwatch to arrive so far.

However, Apple will have to sell a lot of smartwatches to recognize a
substantial amount of revenues, and it won't be helped by the holiday shopping
season since the watch will not hit shelves until 2015.

The most optimistic forecast for watch sales that arrived ahead of the debut --
Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty's prediction that Apple would sell up to 60
million smartwatches in the first year -- would add more than 10 percent to
Apple's revenue total, but that's a very tall order. Bloomberg News points out
that only 2.8 million smartwatches were sold in 2013, along with 13.6 million
fitness-tracking devices.

"If you believe in having a screen on your wrist, then this is the way to do it,
but the question is whether this is something people want," Andreessen Horowitz
partner Benedict Evans told Bloomberg.

However, the Apple Watch as well as Apple Pay could be helped by Apple's big
moneymaker, the iPhone, which makes up the majority of Apple sales and profits.
Apple introduced two larger iPhones on Tuesday, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
with the latter phone of the "phablet" variety, offering a 5.5-inch screen
between the typical dimensions of smartphones and tablets.

The larger screen is an important feature for Apple's growth in Asia, where the
phablet form factor has been extremely popular. Research firm IDC reported last
week that phablets will surpass laptops in 2014 and tablets in 2015 in terms of
shipment volume, underscoring the battle Apple is set to enter.

"That's a slam dunk," TECHnalysis Research analyst Bob O'Donnell told Mercury
News reporter Julia Love. "Most of the people things are doing with their phones
today really cry out for a larger screen."

Along with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple will continue to sell the
iPhone 5S and 5C at reduced prices, giving it a wider range of sizes and price
points that will be crucial as the company seeks further sales growth.

In return, iPhone adoption could lead to greater adoption of the new offerings
Apple introduced Tuesday.

"The iPhone acts as a critical bridgehead to acquire new customers, and as a
foundation for new ventures such as Apple Watch and Apple Pay," IHS analyst Ian
Fogg noted in an email Tuesday. "The more new customers Apple can win with the
iPhone 6, the greater the chance of success the company will have with Apple
Watch and Apple Pay."

Apple's stock fluctuated wildly during the event, though the general pattern
told the story: prices went higher while the iPhone was being discussed, then
fell when the Apple Watch made its debut. In the end, Apple topped $103 in
intraday trading but ended with a 0.4 percent decline at $97.99.

SV150 market report: Wall Street falls as Intel pitches its future

Apple's struggles contributed to a tough day on Wall Street, especially for
Silicon Valley tech stocks, which were also brought down by Intel and Google.

Intel couldn't find a boost despite showing off it next round of advances in a
Tuesday event at its Santa Clara headquarters. The chipmaker's annual event for
software developers focused mostly on Intel's attempts to break into wearables
and the so-called Internet of Things, while also including an ultrathin tablet
and wireless-charging technology. "My biggest take-away (was) just how serious
Intel is about mobility and the Internet of Things," analyst Patrick Moorhead
told the Mercury News. Intel shares fell 1.2 percent to $34.91 on the day.

Google continued to deal with issues in Europe, as the Mountain View search
giant's antitrust deal seemingly fell apart and former CEO Eric Schmidt looked
for clarification on the "Right to be Forgotten"; Google declined 1.6 percent to
$591.97 on the day. Twitter fell 2.7 percent to $50.61 while facing threats from
a terrorist organization, and rival Facebook dropped 1.6 percent from all-time
highs to close at $76.67. As Apple broke into PayPal's payments territory,
parent company eBay sank 2.8 percent to $52.73. The Bay Area's merger market
stayed hot, with eBates getting $1 billion from Rakuten a day after Berkeley
organic foods company Annie's agreed to be purchased for $820 million. After the
bell, Palo Alto Networks released its earnings, showing a quarterly loss of
$32.1 million or 41 cents a share, on sales of $178.2 million, exhibiting
year-over-year revenue growth of 59 percent; shares gained to nearly $93 in late
trading after closing with a 0.8 percent decline at $89.28.

Up: GoPro, VMware, Symantec, SanDisk, Oracle

Down: SunPower, Workday, eBay, Twitter, Yahoo, Zynga, Pandora, SolarCity, Yelp,
Google, Facebook, EA

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's largest tech companies: Down 13.7, or 0.84
percent, to 1609.6

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Down 40, or 0.87 percent, to 4,552.29

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 97.55, or 0.57 percent, to
17,013.87

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Down 13.1, or 0.65 percent,
to 1,988.44

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .
Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday

Rumor: iPhone 6 to have a bigger screen

LENGTH: 136  words


Apple's next flagship phone may come with a considerably larger display than
before.The post Rumor: iPhone 6 to have a bigger screen appeared first on
tbreak.

And so churns the iPhone 6 rumor mill. According to analyst Timothy Arcuri, of
Cowen and Company, Apple's next flagship iPhone may have a bigger screen.

Their sources claim Apple may opt for a 4.8-inch for the iPhone 6, which is a
considerable upgrade from iPhone 5S' 4-inch display. The smartphone will also
feature 802.11ac Wi-Fi functionality, according to the sources.

If history is any indicator, Apple is all but gearing up to announce and release
the next iPhone in the coming months.

Via, SlashGear.

What features do you expect from the iPhone 6? Let us know in the comments
below!

The post Rumor: iPhone 6 to have a bigger screen appeared first on tbreak.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 11, 2015 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Product Event Gets Muted Approval Despite No Surprises Analyst Sees
"Plenty To Like' IPhone advances include a new rose gold model; iPad, TV, Watch
upgraded

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ on the latter.) Details about the company's latest
iPhones, iPads and TV set-top box had leaked to the tech press ahead of
Wednesday's event in San Francisco. Some might be disappointed that Apple isn't
+ reinventing the world," UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a research
report Thursday. "But Apple is now mainstream and not the upstart. Consolidating
its ecosystem and pragmatically improving upon current products plays to the
large installed base + and increasingly annuity-

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 1128 words


Apple's fall product launch event Wednesday provided little to excite investors.
The products were all widely expected and were either tweaks to existing devices
or niche products unlikely to move the needle for the massive consumer
electronics vendor.

But several analysts issued upbeat reports about the new products, spurring a
modest rebound in Apple shares Thursday. Apple stock rose 2.2% Thursday, to
112.57. On Wednesday, Apple stock fell 1.9% as investors reacted to the iPhone 6
S, iPad Pro and new Apple TV.

Apple did not announce a big new offering like its rumored Internet TV service
or reveal a major initiative like developing an Apple electric car. (It did poke
fun at the Internet chatterIPhones Incremental Upgrades

The company's ninth-generation iPhones look the same as last year's models, with
the exception of a new rose-gold color model. But Apple touted a host of new
capabilities and features afforded by upgraded components, such as a
pressure-sensitive display, a faster processor and improved front- and
rear-facing cameras.

The 3 D Touch display lets users preview emails without opening them, get
glimpses of other content and expose shortcuts for apps. The new touch display
can tell the difference between a soft press and a hard one.

The iPhone 6 S has a 12-megapixel rear camera, vs. 8 megapixels on last year's
model. It shoots 4 K ultra high-definition video for the first time. The phone
has a 5-megapixel FaceTime camera that uses the Retina display as a flash for
taking better selfies.

Apple also introduced a feature called Live Photos, which automatically turns
still photos into 1.5-second video clips. Some likened the special effect to
something out of a Harry Potter movie.

The iPhone 6 S uses Apple's A9 processor, its third-generation 64-bit chip. It
provides a 70% faster CPU and 90% faster graphics performance vs. the A8 chip.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 S and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 S Plus will be available for
pre-order starting Saturday and will be in stores Sept. 25.

Apple delivered "meaningful updates" with the new iPhones, which should continue
the upgrade momentum started with last year's iPhone 6 series, FBR analyst
Daniel Ives said in a note Wednesday. He rates Apple stock outperform.

Of the new features, the two most likely to encourage iPhone 6 users to upgrade
are the rose-gold model and the Live Photos function, Rosenblatt Securities
analysts Jun Zhang and Martin Pyykkonen said in a report Thursday.

"Consumers in the Asian market are big fans of the rose-gold color, which can be
seen through Samsung's great success with their rose-gold version of the Galaxy
S4," they said. "In addition, it is notable that cameras and photo software are
some of the biggest factors in a consumer's decision to upgrade phones."

Getting iPhone 5 and 5 S customers to upgrade to the latest handsets is the key
for the iPhone 6 S, Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said in a
note Thursday. Some 73% of iPhone users have yet to upgrade to the iPhone 6
series, he said.

Jumbo iPad With Jumbo Price

Apple added a larger iPad to its tablet lineup targeted to creative
professionals and enterprise users. The iPad Pro has a 12.9-inch display vs. the
9.7-inch regular iPad and 7.9-inch iPad Mini.

The iPad Pro works with an optional stylus called the Apple Pencil and an
attachable Smart Keyboard.

The Apple Pencil can be used for drawing, sketching, painting and note-taking on
the device. The keyboard turns the iPad Pro into a laptop replacement like
Microsoft's Surface computer.

Apple highlighted business and education uses for the iPad Pro during the launch
event, which featured demonstrations of Microsoft Office software and Adobe
Systems creative software optimized for the jumbo tablet.

The iPad Pro costs $799 for the 32-gigabyte model with Wi-Fi and $1,079 for the
Wi-Fi plus cellular model with 128 GB of data storage. The Apple Pencil will
cost $99 and the Smart Keyboard will sell for $169.

The new tablets and accessories will be available in November.

The iPad Pro could cannibalize some sales of the MacBook PCs, Nomura analyst
Jeffrey Kvaal said in a report Thursday. An iPad Pro with a keyboard and stylus
would cost at least $1,067.

"This could break either way for Apple depending on whether people trade up from
a $999 MacBook Air or down from a $1,299 MacBook Pro," Kvaal said.

Apple TV Catches Up To Rivals

Apple's fourth-generation Apple TV streaming video box offers support for
playing video games and a new remote control with Siri voice search and
commands.

The Siri remote also has a glass touch surface for fast and fluid navigation
through on-screen menus and built-in motion controls for gaming and other apps.

The Siri-enabled remote also provides universal search for finding programs to
watch across different services including Netflix, Hulu, HBO, Showtime and
Apple's iTunes.

The new Apple TV also will have its own App Store for third-party developers to
offer games and other TV apps.

The latest set-top box will be available in late October, starting at $149 for a
32-GB model and $199 for a 64-GB model.

"We believe it is the future of television," Apple CEO Tim Cook said at the
event.

But IHS analyst Paul Erickson said the new Apple TV merely catches up the
capabilities of rival set-top boxes like Amazon.com's Fire TV, which has voice
controls and an app store for games and video channels.

"The new Apple TV is an evolutionary, not revolutionary, update," Erickson said
in a statement. "While this is a significant step up for Apple TV from its last
model iteration, many of the features are already state-of-the market -- TiVo
and others have universal search; Roku, Fire TV, LG, Android TV, and others have
voice search; gaming is on other platforms as well."

Apple's new set-top box is expensive compared with the $35 Google Chromecast and
Roku devices, which cost $99 or less, he said.

"This latest update to Apple TV is an iterative move that does well in capturing
the attention and purchase decision of people already within the Apple
ecosystem, but a high price premium and a lack of truly game changing
functionality will ensure that the device's appeal and qualitative total
available market continues to remain constrained to largely the iOS device owner
base," Erickson said.

Apple Watch Goes Hermes

Apple also expanded its Apple Watch lineup with a new high-end collection in
partnership with French luxury fashion house Hermes.

The Apple Watch Hermes collection marries bands made with Hermes signature
leather with a specially designed watch face. Apple's Hermes watches will range
from $1,100 to $1,500 and go on sale Oct. 5.

Apple also introduced new gold and rose gold aluminum Apple Watch Sport models,
plus a range of sports bands in colors from vibrant hues to more neutral tones.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 513  words


A pending government approval is likely the major reason that the world's
largest smartphone market will miss the rollout of the iPhone 6.

A woman holds a mock iPhone 6 plus (L) and an iPhone 5s as she waits in a line,
ahead of the September 19 release of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in front of an
Apple Store at Tokyo's Ginza shopping district September 10, 2014. Apple Inc
unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on Tuesday as
Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation. [Photo/Agencies]

A pending government approval is likely the major reason that the world's
largest smartphone market will miss the rollout of the iPhone 6.

The next-generation iPhone will be available in 10 markets starting Sept 19.
Hong Kong is the only Chinese territory to get in on the initial launch.

Apple did not say why the Chinese mainland was not on the list of initial
countries to receive the iPhone 6.

The phone is not on Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's list of
telecom devices that have been approved to sell on the mainland.

It remains unknown if Apple has not yet handed in applications to the ministry
or if the industry watchdog put the US company on hold.

The ministry did not respond to calls from China Daily asking for clarification.

More than a week ahead of the official sale, Chinese scalpers are ready to fill
the void.

"We accept preorders of iPhone 6," said a sales manager at Ding Hao Top
Electronics City, one of the busiest electronics marketplaces in Beijing. "The
devices will be the Hong Kong version and should be available three or four days
later," said the manager surnamed Yang.

Kang Hua, a shop assistant at Zhuoyue Haichang, a store at Ding Hao, said the
devices will be available for 8,000 to 9,000 yuan ($1,300 to $1,460).

At Sin Tat Plaza, a shopping mall in Hong Kong, retailers are also preparing to
feed demand from the mainland.

"iPhone prices are usually driven by mainland customers. The reaction on the
mainland to the new phone will lead the trend," said a shop manager who would
only give his surname as Yiu.

China is set to be one of the biggest buyers of Apple's new handset, analysts
said.

"The customer base for Apple is still there. We are expecting a replacement
market for existing Apple users for a larger screen iPhone," said Kitty Fok,
managing director of consultancy IDC China.

Xu Hao, a researcher at Analysys International, said Apple is not likely to lose
ground in China because of the delays.

"Apple's shipment on the Chinese mainland has been on the upswing over the past
two quarters. The foreseeable price cut for earlier versions of iPhones will
also lift sales volume in the market," Xu said.

Apple took less than 7 percent of the Chinese smartphone market during the
second quarter, according to Analysys International, lagging far behind Samsung
and local brands Xiaomi and Lenovo.

Ni Huiliuqian and Amanda Hua contributed to this story.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Apple unveils new phones, watch

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 rollout bypasses mainland

BYLINE: Cao Yuan

LENGTH: 513  words


A pending government approval is likely the major reason that the world's
largest smartphone market will miss the rollout of the iPhone 6.

A woman holds a mock iPhone 6 plus (L) and an iPhone 5s as she waits in a line,
ahead of the September 19 release of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in front of an
Apple Store at Tokyo's Ginza shopping district September 10, 2014. Apple Inc
unveiled a watch, two larger iPhones and a mobile payments service on Tuesday as
Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook seeks to revive the technology company's
reputation as a wellspring of innovation. [Photo/Agencies]

A pending government approval is likely the major reason that the world's
largest smartphone market will miss the rollout of the iPhone 6.

The next-generation iPhone will be available in 10 markets starting Sept 19.
Hong Kong is the only Chinese territory to get in on the initial launch.

Apple did not say why the Chinese mainland was not on the list of initial
countries to receive the iPhone 6.

The phone is not on Ministry of Industry and Information Technology's list of
telecom devices that have been approved to sell on the mainland.

It remains unknown if Apple has not yet handed in applications to the ministry
or if the industry watchdog put the US company on hold.

The ministry did not respond to calls from China Daily asking for clarification.

More than a week ahead of the official sale, Chinese scalpers are ready to fill
the void.

"We accept preorders of iPhone 6," said a sales manager at Ding Hao Top
Electronics City, one of the busiest electronics marketplaces in Beijing. "The
devices will be the Hong Kong version and should be available three or four days
later," said the manager surnamed Yang.

Kang Hua, a shop assistant at Zhuoyue Haichang, a store at Ding Hao, said the
devices will be available for 8,000 to 9,000 yuan ($1,300 to $1,460).

At Sin Tat Plaza, a shopping mall in Hong Kong, retailers are also preparing to
feed demand from the mainland.

"iPhone prices are usually driven by mainland customers. The reaction on the
mainland to the new phone will lead the trend," said a shop manager who would
only give his surname as Yiu.

China is set to be one of the biggest buyers of Apple's new handset, analysts
said.

"The customer base for Apple is still there. We are expecting a replacement
market for existing Apple users for a larger screen iPhone," said Kitty Fok,
managing director of consultancy IDC China.

Xu Hao, a researcher at Analysys International, said Apple is not likely to lose
ground in China because of the delays.

"Apple's shipment on the Chinese mainland has been on the upswing over the past
two quarters. The foreseeable price cut for earlier versions of iPhones will
also lift sales volume in the market," Xu said.

Apple took less than 7 percent of the Chinese smartphone market during the
second quarter, according to Analysys International, lagging far behind Samsung
and local brands Xiaomi and Lenovo.

Ni Huiliuqian and Amanda Hua contributed to this story.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations
Apple unveils new phones, watch

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            April 6, 2016 Wednesday

Revealed! The price of Apple iPhone SE 64GB in India

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 6 -- Zee Media Bureau
 When Apple Inc launched the 4-inch iPhone SE in India, the tech giant hailed it
as the cheapest iPhone ever and priced it at Rs 39,000 for the 16GB model much
to the despair of fans.


 As the cheapest iPhone, fans expected it to be around Rs 25,000 considering
that the US price of USD 399 converts to just about the same.
 However, fans of Apple were shocked at the Rs 39,000 pricing of the new iPhone
SE.
 And while only the 16GB model was launched then, the price of the iPhone SE
64GB model has been revealed too.
 The price of the iPhone SE 64GB model has been pegged at a ridiculous Rs
49,000.
 Priced at USD 499, it should have converted to about INR 33,000. However, the
tech giant seems to have it priced much higher than expected in India.
 Cheapest iPhone did they said?
 16GB model of iPhone 5S is available for just about Rs 18,000 while the iPhone
6 16GB model is now available for Rs 40,000 only.
 And considering the iPhone 6S and iPhone S Plus failed due to its high price,
Apple could perhaps reconsider the price again for the iPhone SE.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 5:10 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 4:15 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6s launch today? Latest Apple event news;
The iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus and an updated Apple TV are all expected to be
showcased at tonight's event

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 556 words


Excitement is reaching fever pitch among tech fans as Apple prepares to unveil
its latest smartphone and gadget.

Later today, Apple CEO Tim Cook will deliver a keynote address and reveal the
latest version of the tech giant's iPhone gadget, expected to be called the
iPhone 6s.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time.

For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch on catch-up via the Mirror.co.uk stream. It will be
available as live HERE from 7pm.

Around 7,000 people are expected to attend the event - many of whom will be
Apple employees.

This year, Apple sent out a bunch of invitations, which cryptically suggests you
ask Siri for a hint.

If you ask the iPhone's digital assistant, it reveals there's a big event
happening on Wednesday, September 9.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's likely is that today the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

There will also be an upgrade to Apple TV - but here's the main iPhone
announcements we're expecting.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            October 11, 2013 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

IPhone 6 May Be Released In Record Time As Soon As April, Says Analyst

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 365 words


Historically, Apple has released a new iPhone roughly every 12 months. But that
could change with the iPhone 6.

A source in the tech supply chain in China and Taiwan told Cantor Fitzgerald
analyst Brian White that the Apple iPhone 6 is expected to launch in Q2 or Q3
2014. That would mean the rumored bigger-screen iPhone would come out between
April and September.

An April release would be just seven months after the Sept. 20 debut of the
iPhone 5 S and 5 C handsets. Since the first iPhone launched in June 2007, the
quickest Apple has come out with a new iPhone has been 11 months.

Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said Wednesday he expects the
iPhone 6 to come out late in Q2 2014, or nine months after the iPhone 5 S and 5
C.

Apple might be feeling pressure to come out with new smartphones faster because
its chief rival, Samsung, is on a rapid release cycle. This year, Samsung has
flooded the market with niche versions of its Galaxy S4 smartphone and Galaxy
Note 3 phablet. They include a ruggedized smartphone (Galaxy S4 Active), a
handset with a high-resolution camera (Galaxy S4 Zoom) and a phablet with a
curved glass display (Galaxy Round).

In a research note Thursday, White said the bigger screen iPhone would have a
display approaching 5 inches, vs. 4 inches for the iPhone 5 series. Jefferies
analyst Peter Misek said in a research note Monday that the iPhone 6 will have a
4.8-inch display and will be launched next September.

White said Apple also will introduce the iWatch smartwatch in 2014.

An Apple supplier told White the iWatch will be more than an extension of the
iPhone, but will act as a "multi-purpose gateway in allowing consumers to
control their home (i.e., heating/cooling, lights, audio, video, etc.)," White
said. "We found this discussion interesting as it opened our eyes to why the
"iWatch' has the potential to appeal to a much broader audience of consumers
than just another mobile device."

Others are more skeptical.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster doesn't see the iWatch as a "needle-mover"
for Apple. But in a research note Monday, Munster did predict that Apple would
sell 5 million to 10 million iWatch smartwatches in the first year.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           September 20, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Sept. 20;
Sapphire gleaming, Big Things, solar secrets, NFC angst

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1480 words


With the official announcement and, today, release of iPhone 5S and 5C, the
iOSphere returns to its regular iPhone 6rumor nomenclature. But things would be
simpler if Apple simply used "iPhone 2014."

This week, there were rumors of new and bigger uses for those cool sapphire
glass covers; revelations about the Biggest Things fans really, really want in
the next iPhone (and you, too, will be underwhelmed by them); scifi rumoring
about solar charging that cross-our-heart-and-hope-to-die actually works; and
still more angst on the Great Apple Failure to support NFC-based mobile
payments.

You read it here second.

__________"If they don't put NFC in an iPhone soon, they risk being a technology
laggard."~ Mark Hung, analyst, Gartner (quoted in the Wall Street Journal's
Digits blog), despite the facts that 1) Hung earlier said there are less than
100,000 NFC readers being used in the U.S., and 2) there's no sign of an
imminent mobile payments tsunami that will leave laggardly Apple under
water.__________ iPhone 6 will have a sapphire touchscreen cover The advent of
the iPhone 5S home button with its "sapphire glass" cover, and a recently
announced Apple patent, have the iOSphere agog about a really big sapphire cover
- one covering the display of the, yes, 2014 iPhone, now generally called iPhone
6.

Sapphire glass is actually corundum, a crystalline form of aluminum oxide. Apple
first used the super tough, and super costly, transparent material for the
iPhone 5 lens cover. It now covers the 5S integrated home button with Touch ID
fingerprint scanner.

The juxtaposition and extrapolation of unrelated events was effortlessly
achieved by PhonesReview in a post announced that "use of sapphire [may be]
expanded further so that it features in the touch screen cover as well as the
home button."

The source of this revelation? A three-paragraph post, which PhonesReview
graciously calls a "report," at Taiwan-based DigiTimes.

Citing "Taiwan-based sapphire makers," DigiTimes claims that "Apple is expected
to extend the use of sapphire glass home keys" to its upcoming new iPads and
"for making touch screen covers for its new iPhone to be launched in 2014."

The technology basis for PhonesReview speculation is a recently published patent
application by Apple, originally filed in March 2013. Information on the patent
was reported by PatentlyApple in a post earlier this month.  Apple's patent is
for a technique of laminating sheets of sapphire to both side of the glass layer
users in mobile displays.

It would create a highly scratch-resistant surface and presumably make the glass
less subject to breaking or cracking.

Whether a technology just entering the patent process in 2013 will be ready in
2014 for the next iPhone is very much an open question. The Rollup is skeptical:
making the technology work is one thing; making it manufacturable, on a large
scale that's affordable and that also achieves quality goals, is another thing
entirely.

iPhone 6 needs to have four really Big Things Just in case Apple hasn't figured
out what its fan expect for iPhone 6, Tyler McCarthy at HGN.com, explains it to
Cupertino in a post headlined, "iPhone 6 Rumors: 4 Biggest Things Fans Expect
for Apple's Next Smartphone."  Fans expect a larger display, because of the
"growing trend of smartphones leaning toward bigger, phablet-sized, displays."

McCarthy reminds us of a Reuters story "a few weeks back" that said Apple was
testing a 5.7-inch phone display (they've been testing various sizes for years).
"[I]t's not surprising that Apple would try and look into the technology," he
says.

Fans expect water and dust resistance. "This one seems like a no-brainer,"
McCarthy says, perhaps optimistically. He seems to think that the Samsung's
Galaxy S4 Active, with its water- and dust-resistant features, "has provided
more rugged people with the option to keep a smartphone on them at all times."
Apple clearly needs to reach out to the under-served More Rugged People segment.

Fans also expect an Infrared Blaster on iPhone 6 to operate Apple TV, just like
the one in Galaxy S4. Keep in mind that this is No.3 on McCarthy's list of the
four "biggest" features that iPhone fans want.

Finally, fans want a 128GB iPhone model. This is all the more urgent, McCarthy
claims, because Apple introduced Touch ID in iPhone 5S. "With the Touch ID
fingerprint scanner, Apple is encouraging people to keep more information on
their smartphone now that it is supposedly safe," McCarthy explains. "With that
[new feature,] users would likely benefit from the extra storage space now that
they can think of it as secure."

Color us under-whelmed. Plenty of people still insist Apple must, simply must,
release an iPhone with a bigger-than-4-inch-screen, but "they" also insisted
Apple must, simply must release a really cheap iPhone. And look what we got.

iPhone 6 will have solar charging Although," Michael Nace, editor of
iPhone6NewsBlog, tells his readers that, apparently, it is.

"The first in what will most likely be a long line of rumors related to the
iPhone 6 claims that Apple will make good on several patents related to solar
recharging for the iPhone," announces Michael Nace, at his iPhone6NewsBlog.  And
then his next sentence says that, actually, "the notion of a solar charging
feature on an iPhone is nothing new." It joins the long line of rumored power
sources, including fuel cells and curved batteries. We're holding out for the
miniaturized fusion reactor.

Nace says there are "plenty of third-party options" if you want to recharge your
iPhone battery using solar radiation. There's one little problem, though. "None
of these products, however, are considered to be viable enough to foster
mainstream appeal, and for the most part, solar charging arrays for the iPhone
tend to be used more as emergency, last-ditch-effort features for giving just a
bit of juice to a dead iPhone," he says.

He claims there is a "new rumor" that "Apple will change the face of solar
charging for smartphones next year by implementing well-establish patents for an
iPhone 6 battery that will feature a solar charging panel that actually works."

He doesn't say where he heard or read that rumor and doesn't link to anything
about it. But that seems like a quibble when Apple is about to change the face
of solar charging. Talk about a new dawn.

iPhone 6 will not have NFC/mobile payments...unless it does Apple just isn't
interested in NFC, no matter what anyone says, according to Supratim Adhikari,
writing at BusinessSpectator, based in Australia.

His rather plaintive headline is: "Will Apple ever give NFC a chance?"  His
short answer: no.

"The lack of NFC capability on the latest iPhones will grate those who have been
pinning their hopes on making payments as simple as waving a phone in front of a
reader," he says. "For many the inclusion of the technology on the iPhone was
seen as the seminal moment needed to take NFC primetime, but Apple isn't
interested and it's hard to see it change its mind in a hurry."

How can this be? "Everyone knows" how important NFC is: it's convenient, it will
reduce fraud, and it's so cool: waving your phone around and buying concert
tickets, and beer, and flat panel TVs, and new video games. Apple owes it to the
industry, to us!

But NFC is hardly a done deal, as Greg Bensinger writing at the Wall Street
Journal's Digits blog makes clear.

He cites data from Gartner analyst Mark Hung that less than 100,000 NFC-enabled
readers are in use in the U.S. Compare that to traditional credit card and debit
card readers, which are like everywhere, including those red Salvation Army
donation kettles. Bensinger notes that Google's effort to create a digital
wallet linked to NFC chips in some Sprint phones is faltering, partly because
other carriers are creating their own NFC solution, a joint venture called Isis.
And it's already available in two - TWO! - U.S. cities. And then there's a drove
of startups scrambling to offer mobile apps and different payment options.

And then there's Apple, with its still pretty mysterious iBeacon technology
that's part of iOS 7. "Apple and eBay's PayPal are working on technology that
can detect a smartphone's presence in a store through Bluetooth and send coupons
or enable payments wirelessly," says Bensinger. "That's more flexible than NFC,
which works through frequencies transmitted from a phone that is in close
proximity to a reading device."

But some people just can't let it go. "Apple may ultimately regret its decision
not to include NFC in the iPhone 5, Gartner's Mark Hung said. 'If they don't put
NFC in an iPhone soon, they risk being a technology laggard,' he said."

Apple: the world-renowned technology laggard because it refuses to do what
everyone says it ought to do.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Scalpers scalded by gray market iPhones

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 609 words


Prices of smuggled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus units plunged in Beijing as Apple
Inc and its Chinese partners prepare to deliver authorized handsets on Friday.

Many local scalpers' attempt to profit from the month-long availability delay on
the Chinese mainland has proven to be a disastrous investment.

In Zhongguancun, the largest smartphone marketplace in Beijing, dealers are
obviously finding it difficult to find buyers for the unsold iPhone 6 and Plus
models.

"I haven't sold a single model since last week," said Wang Qiang, a shop owner
at Top Electronics City in Zhongguancun.

"If you could not sell all the items before the National Day holiday, then you
are pretty much in bad shape," said Wang, who has four iPhone 6 and one 6 Plus
units in hand.

The black market price for the entry-level iPhone 6 reached 10,000 yuan ($1,633)
when Apple first rolled out its latest flagship gadget on Sept 19. The amount
was enough to buy two 16-gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus in the United States.

Now, smartphone dealers are selling their leftovers at the official price, which
is 5,288 yuan for the 16 GB iPhone 6 and 6,088 yuan for 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus.

Most of the iPhones selling in Zhongguancun were smuggled from Hong Kong or the
US, where retail prices were among the lowest.

According to Wang, he will lose 3,000 to 5,000 yuan on each iPhone 6 if it is
sold at the official price.

Dealers who got supplies in September were the biggest winners, but it turned
out to be risky business for late comers, Wang said.

"It's a 'go big' or 'go home' kind of deal," he said.

The freezing iPhone sales in parallel markets do not mean that Chinese buyers
are not in favor of Apple's "bigger than bigger" product. On the contrary,
online pre-orders for both models from official channels have been sizzling.

Data from shopping website JD.com showed it has received more than 10 million
online orders as of Thursday. Technology website qq.com also estimated total
orders for Apple's two smartphone models had exceeded 20 million.

The Big Three telecom carriers refused to disclose the pre-order statistics on
Thursday. Though not all the pre-orders will culminate in actual purchases of
the device, the official launch is set to lift Apple's share in the smartphone
market on the Chinese mainland.

Xu Hao, an analyst with Beijing-based consultancy Analysys International, said
Apple's close ties with Chinese telecom carriers will help it quickly expand
sales in the first couple of months.

"Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because
the supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient," Xu said.

The iPhone will become a niche player in the Chinese market in the long run as
local vendors such as Xiaomi Corp, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd and Lenovo Group
Ltd are fast catching up and making inroads into the territory previously held
by Apple and Samsung Electronics Co, said experts.

Apple is the sixth-largest smartphone brand in the country by quarterly
shipments. Its 6.3 percent second- quarter market share was overshadowed by
Xiaomi and Lenovo, who enjoyed double-digit shares, according to Analysys
International.

Xiang Ligang, an independent telecom researcher, said the iPhone 6 family will
be a "very high-end" smartphone in China in terms of price.

"Only a few Chinese buyers are ready to spend more than 6,000 yuan on such
models compared to the smartphone adoption rate in the country," Xiang said. "In
smaller cities, the iPhone 6 would continue to be a preserve of the rich," he
said.

Private dealers will have no room to negotiate the price with buyers because the
supply of the authorized products seems more than sufficient."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

MasterCard makes cardholders' payment easy with mobiles

LENGTH: 318 words


ARAB NEWS

Paying with mobile devices is about to become even more Priceless. Apple has
unveiled Apple Pay that will enable MasterCard cardholders to use their iPhone
6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch for everyday purchases.


MasterCard built the foundation for secure mobile transactions, so consumers can
use their cards when, where and how they want.
MasterCard worked with Apple to deliver a seamless and secure payment
experience. For consumers and merchants alike, every purchase made with a
MasterCard using iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch will offer the
security, benefits and guarantees of any MasterCard transaction.
Apple Pay transforms mobile payments with an easy, secure, and private way to
make purchases. By integrating Apple hardware, software and services, Apple Pay
creates a "unique and incredibly intuitive" experience for iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus and Apple Watch users. Owners of the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple
Watch will be able to use their MasterCard credit or debit cards from
participating banks directly through Apple Pay.
At a store, consumers can simply pay by just holding their iPhone near a
contactless reader with their finger on Touch ID and their transaction will be
authenticated. For purchases within an app, consumers will simply touch to pay
and authenticate with their fingerprint or passcode for a seamless experience
without having to enter their card number or leave the app.
"Apple has a long tradition of introducing breakthrough products with features
that really matter to people. Apple Pay, combined with MasterCard's payments
technology, gives consumers an easy, secure and private way to shop," said Ed
McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer, MasterCard.
Apple Pay will be made available for US consumers via a free update to iOS 8 in
October. MasterCard cardholders will be able to make simple and secure payments
in the apps of top merchants.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2014 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Leicester Mercury

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Watch out for Apple's newcomers

BYLINE: by Yasmin Duffin and Samantha Fisher

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 351  words


After months of rumours, Apple has   unveiled its   much-anticipated new iPhone
6.

Not only were fans treated to one new phone but two new phones, plus a watch.

While the iPhone 6 - which will be available to buy in black or gold - is bigger
than previous models, it is dramatically thinner, at  under 7mm thick.

Likewise, the iPhone 6 Plus, or "phablet'' - phone/tablet - as it has been
nicknamed   in the Mercury offices, is a little  more than 7mm thick - despite
it looking more like a small tablet than a phone.

Stephen Ebbett, global director of gadget insurer Protect Your Bubble, said: "If
ever there was a gadget to make the clothing industry reassess its average
pocket size, it's the iPhone 6 Plus.

"Although the iPhone 6 Plus is smaller than its biggest rival - at 5.5 inches to
the Samsung Galaxy Note 4's   5.7 inches".

Both the iPhone 6, which will cost from £539 and iPhone 6 Plus, which will cost
from £619 will be available to buy on September 19.

Then there's the Apple Watch. Working in synch with the iPhone 5, 5c, 5s, 6 and
6 Plus, the watch is said to get to know you the way a personal trainer would.
Apparently the watch will be able to send and receive messages, answer calls and
share personal information.

It will come in a range of colours and sizes and will be available to buy early
next year.

Talking about the watch, Mr Ebbett said:  "For die-hard Apple fans its smart
watch was the inevitable next step and a clear move into the wearables market
that has yet to really get off the ground.

"With interchangeable watch straps, it is surely only a matter of time before
high-end fashion houses and high-street retailers alike start producing their
own accessories for this highly-desirable wrist candy.

"Unsurprisingly, fitness is a key focus of the watch, by enabling all the health
aspects of a good sports app with the functionality of a good sports watch."

The last time Apple launched an iPhone was about two years ago, when dozens of
gadget fans queued up throughout the night outside Highcross, in Leicester, to
get the iPhone 5 -  and it is expected to happen again later this month.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: coming soon: The iPhone6 and iPhone 6 plus will be available to buy
later this month

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Bendigo Advertiser

                               September 9, 2014

Apple unveils new iPhones

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 732  words


RELATED:iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Watch: the 6 things you need to know

Apple has moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

In a major product event on Tuesday, the California company also introduced anew
mobile walletthat will allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay
retailers, aiming to popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The announcements are Apple's most wide-ranging set of product introductions
under chief executive officer Tim Cook, who succeeded co-founder Steve Jobs in
2011.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", Mr Cook said in Apple's
hometown of Cupertino.

"It is the next chapter in Apple's story."

It was met with a standing ovation by event attendees and has newly designed
software that works with a dial on its side.

The touch-screen device will come in two sizes, as well as in classic, sports
and gold edition models, but won't be available until early 2015 in the US.

It can be used to detect pulse rate and has other health-tracking applications,
as well as including apps for maps, photos, music and messages, the company
said. An iPhone is required for the Apple Watch to work. It will cost from
$US349 with Australian pricing not yet announced.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets - the company's first entry to the "phablet"
category.

Apple's main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets and has tried
to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Mr Cook said the new handsets represented "the biggest advancement in the
history of iPhones".

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller said the new iPhones were "simply
stunning" with polarised glass displays and bodies that are "thinner than ever
before".

"These are the best phones ever made," Mr Schiller said, as he described the new
devices at a major set-piece event streamed live online.

Apple is betting the success of the iPhone will aid the other new products.
While the new handsets are widely anticipated to be huge hits, the watch,
payments system and health apps are no sure thing.

Companies such as Samsung have also introduced so-called smartwatches that have
smartphone-like functions for checking messages and getting notifications.

None have gained widespread traction and the products have seemed more like
technology in search of a problem rather than solving a real need. Similarly,
technology that turns a smartphone in a wallet also hasn't become popular, even
with efforts by Googleand eBay's PayPal. Fitness-tracking devices like Fitbit
also have remained a niche products.

The iPhone 6 will come in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available in
Australia from September 19, costing $869 for the 16GB model, $999 for the 64GB
model and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for $1129.

iPhone 6 Plus, in the same colours, will cost $999, $1129 and $1249
respectively.Australian telcos are likely to announce plan prices later on
Friday.

They will compete with the Samsung Galaxy S5 (approximately $788 for 16GB model)
and the larger new Samsung Galaxy Note which does not yet have Australian
pricing.

Mr Schiller said the Apple devices would be available in at least 115 countries
by the end of the year.

With the new launch, Apple will cut the price of existing iPhone 5S and 5C,
starting at $749 for the 5S and $529 for the 5C.

Apple's move to larger screens comes as consumers are switching to handsets with
bigger displays to watch videos and browse the internet.

Mr Cook said theApple Paysystem would replace an "antiquated payment process"
with "an entirely new payment system" that allows consumers to touch their
phones to retail terminals.

The company posted an image of a leather billfold on its website with the words
"Wallet, your days are numbered."

The new payment system will be built into the new iPhones and the new version of
Apple's operating system, iOS 8. It will be available only for iPhone 6 and 6
Plus in the US from October.

iOS 8 will be available as a free software update starting on September 17.

AFP with Bloomberg, Fairfax Media

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Investors, consumers on iPhone 6 watch; September launch

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 483 words


Apple Inc.'s fourth-quarter guidance may have come in lower than expected, but
since this is being attributed to the transition into new iPhones and other
product launches, nobody seems to mind.

The technology giant's September quarterly revenue outlook range was
US$37-billion to US$40-billion, below consensus of US$40.5-billion. But all eyes
on are the company's highly anticipated iPhone 6 launch, as several analysts
believe the smartphone will surprise investors on the upside.

Apple is expected to launch 5.5-inch and 4.7-inch screen size versions on Sept.
19, followed by new product categories later in the year.

"We believe the iPhone 6 and new products could lead to upside particularly in
the December quarter," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani told clients,
raising his price target on Apple shares to US$110 from US$100.

The stock was up US$2.42, or 2.55%, to US$94.17 in Nasdaq trading Wednesday
morning.

Apple reported iPhone sales of 35.2 million with an average sale price of US$563
in fiscal Q3. The 6% quarter-over-quarter price decline suggests its product mix
has shifted slightly away from the 5s product line, and the company stated that
the 5c was the fastestgrowing iPhone.

Recent surveys by Canaccord Genuity indicate growing consumer awareness and
increased willingness to pay more for new larger-screen iPhones. As a result,
analyst T. Michael Walkley anticipates a very strong iPhone 6 upgrade cycle.

"We believe consumers slowed the pace of iPhone upgrade purchases during the
iPhone 5 and 5s product cycles, and we believe the extended replacement rates
combined with new larger-screen iPhones position Apple with its large installed
base for record iPhone 6 sales," he said.

Mr. Walkley also expects Apple will charge a premium for these larger-screen
iPhones, producing stable gross margin trends, but with a higher gross margin
dollar contribution due to an increasing revenue mix from higher ASP iPhones.

While Apple's overall iPhone shipments disappointed slightly, as total iPhone
sales grew 9%, it saw strong growth of 55% in BRIC countries. IPad sales were
also stronger in emerging markets, with Chinese growth in the 50% range and
Middle East growth in the 60% range.

Apple's results were also marked by impressive Mac sales and slower declines in
iTunes revenue. Based on developer earnings to date of US$20-billion from the
app store, along with other data points, J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates
that iTunes digital content revenues declined by just 10% to 15% in the first
half of calendar 2014.

Mr. Hall also highlighted the fact that the sub-$1,000 laptop segment represents
US$63-billion in annual revenues and Apple still has virtually no market share
there.

Mac sales in Q3 came in at an impressive US$5.54-billion and management noted
that the strength was driven by portables and "very strong growth" for the
Macbook Air.

jratner@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Investors, consumers on iPhone 6 watch; september launch

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 483 words


Apple Inc.'s fourth-quarter guidance may have come in lower than expected, but
since this is being attributed to the transition into new iPhones and other
product launches, nobody seems to mind.

The technology giant's September quarterly revenue outlook range was
US$37-billion to US$40-billion, below consensus of US$40.5-billion. But all eyes
on are the company's highly anticipated iPhone 6 launch, as several analysts
believe the smartphone will surprise investors on the upside.

Apple is expected to launch 5.5-inch and 4.7-inch screen size versions on Sept.
19, followed by new product categories later in the year.

"We believe the iPhone 6 and new products could lead to upside particularly in
the December quarter," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani told clients,
raising his price target on Apple shares to US$110 from US$100.

The stock was up US$2.42, or 2.55%, to US$94.17 in Nasdaq trading Wednesday
morning.

Apple reported iPhone sales of 35.2 million with an average sale price of US$563
in fiscal Q3. The 6% quarterover-quarter price decline suggests its product mix
has shifted slightly away from the 5s product line, and the company stated that
the 5c was the fastest-growing iPhone.

Recent surveys by Canaccord Genuity indicate growing consumer awareness and
increased willingness to pay more for new larger-screen iPhones. As a result,
analyst T. Michael Walkley anticipates a very strong iPhone 6 upgrade cycle.

"We believe consumers slowed the pace of iPhone upgrade purchases during the
iPhone 5 and 5s product cycles, and we believe the extended replacement rates
combined with new larger-screen iPhones position Apple with its large installed
base for record iPhone 6 sales," he said.

Mr. Walkley also expects Apple will charge a premium for these larger-screen
iPhones, producing stable gross margin trends, but with a higher gross margin
dollar contribution due to an increasing revenue mix from higher ASP iPhones.

While Apple's overall iPhone shipments disappointed slightly, as total iPhone
sales grew 9%, it saw strong growth of 55% in BRIC countries. IPad sales were
also stronger in emerging markets, with Chinese growth in the 50% range and
Middle East growth in the 60% range.

Apple's results were also marked by impressive Mac sales and slower declines in
iTunes revenue.

Based on developer earnings to date of US$20-billion from the app store, along
with other data points, J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates that iTunes
digital content revenues declined by just 10% to 15% in the first half of
calendar 2014.

Mr. Hall also highlighted the fact that the sub-$1,000 laptop segment represents
US$63-billion in annual revenues and Apple still has virtually no market share
there.

Mac sales in Q3 came in at an impressive US$5.54-billion and management noted
that the strength was driven by portables and "very strong growth" for the
Macbook Air.

jratner@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                                 Mumbai Edition

Now, Online Bent may Hurt Rollout of iPhone 6 in India

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 812 words


Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's much-awaited
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch because they
are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily discounted prices on
popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.

According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed
they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the
discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.
"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against
online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash
Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that
offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going
online.

A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he
would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus.

Apple products are distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro.ET could
not independently confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple
didn't respond to e-mailed queries seeking comment. An executive close to
dealings at Apple India said the company

hasn't authorised marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell
iPhones in India. Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones
while Flipkart is authorised to sell iPads and iPods.

The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created
with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well.In India,
where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14% of mobile
phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly basis,
according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase as
internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.

"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said
Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.

Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told
ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were

facing massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at
much lower prices.

"The price difference is as high as .

`11,000 on some models. Apple is liquidating stocks of the older models," he
said, alleging that the company was doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next month. He added that state trade
associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were protesting against the brands.

E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for
the company in India this year, on offer at between .

`34,000 and .

`36,000, as much as 36% less than the original retail price of .

`53,500. The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for .

`33,999.

Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers.
The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have
launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.
Google has partnered

with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One smartphones priced between
.

`6,299 and .

`6,499, exclusively on the three e-commerce sites. Spice didn't respond to ET's
queries at the time of writing.

"To ensure convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a
judicious mix of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue
to be the lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our
retail network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.

A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but
consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is
a huge market and, hence, different channels are developing to serve the various
consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner
for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach
towards all sales channels." A senior executive from a large-format retail chain
told ET that he had returned his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding
that they cannot compete with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the
brands individually, but I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being
treated unfairly." Several large-format retailers, including UniverCell,
Sangeetha Mobiles, The Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an
informal association that is trying to sort out the situation and will be
speaking to consumers and the government on the matter, which they say threatens
their survival.

However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a
reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's chief
executive Himanshu Chakravarti.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Singapore will be one of the first countries to sell new Apple iPhone SE

BYLINE: Trevor Tan In Cupertino (California)

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 399 words


Apple's newly announced iPhone SE, the successor to the iPhone 5s, will launch
in Singapore on March 31, marking a renewed attempt at the mid-range phone
market here.

Singapore will be one of the first 12 markets - including the United States,
China and Japan - to start selling the 4-inch iPhone next week.

Apple is taking pre-orders from today at prices starting at $658 for the basic
16GB model. The 64GB model goes for $828. Neither comes with telco contracts.

The iPhone SE has the same basic design as the iPhone 5s, which was launched in
September 2013, but sports the souped-up innards of the iPhone 6s launched last
year.

For instance, the iPhone SE has the same processor, and 12-megapixel rear and
5-megapixel front-facing camera, as the iPhone 6s. It supports the Apple Pay
e-wallet function, and is able to take ultra-high definition 4K videos and
moving images called Live Photos.

It is smaller than the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display sizes of the iPhone 6s and
6s Plus, respectively.

IDC Asia-Pacific research manager Kiranjeet Kaur said the new phone is Apple's
renewed attempt at the mid-range market. "Apple stopped shipping the iPhone 5s
to Singapore from the second quarter of last year," she said, adding that the
iPhone 5c, launched here in September 2013, was also unable to capture this
segment as it was regarded as too expensive ($848 for a 16GB model) for its
features and design.

Mr Clement Teo, senior analyst at market research firm Forrester, said the
iPhone SE will attract only a small group of users here. "Most people have
embraced the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus with enthusiasm."

Violin teacher Eileen Chai, 38, belongs to this group of users.

"A smaller phone is easier for me as I have small hands. It fits easily in my
pocket too," she said. She has been waiting for an upgrade to the iPhone 5s,
which she is using now.

Another iPhone 5s user, Ms Beatrice Tan, 24, said she wants a 32GB model, which
Apple is not offering.

The account executive said: "I would upgrade to the iPhone SE, but why is there
no 32GB model'"

Meanwhile, there is still demand for a second-hand iPhone 5s.

Mr Ian Tan, senior director for marketing at used-phones e-marketplace Andios,
said demand is as high as that for a used iPhone 6.

Andios has seen several hundred used iPhones transacted since last November.
Around half are the iPhone 6, while the rest are a mixture of iPhone 5 and 5s.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Members of the press taking photos and videos of the new 4-inch iPhone
SE at Apple Campus Town Hall in Cupertino, US. The smartphone goes on sale in 12
markets, including Singapore, next week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 4, 2015 Friday 7:15 AM GMT

What to expect from the iPhone 6s/7, Apple's next all-conquering gadget;
Apple's getting ready to reveal a new phone on September 9 - here's what we're
expecting to see

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 480 words


Apple is heavily rumoured to reveal the iPhone 6s in under a week's time.

The invitations have been sent out and the internet rumourmill has gone into
overdrive.

There are a few things we can be reasonably certain of before CEO Tim Cook takes
to the stage next Wednesday.

Firstly it's unlikely that we'll see a fully-formed iPhone 7.

Apple re-shaped its flagship handset in a big way last year, making the iPhone 6
bigger and slimmer than any previous phone.

What's more likely is that the company will reveal an iPhone 6s upgrade - with
improved specs but an appearance that stays roughly the same.

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch and, according to
pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the iPhone.

Apple isn't in the habit of making us wait ages to get our hands on their newest
releases.

The company usually has its latest wares out in the shops in under a month,
meaning we could all have our hands on a new iPhone before October rolls around.

That is, if we can brave the massive queues.

Are you desperate for the latest iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Plus-size iPhones live up to the hype;
In first test drive, bigger real estate comes in handy

BYLINE: Edward C. Baig

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1318 words


Are the bigger iPhones worth all this big-time attention? The answer is a
resounding yes, a point emphasized by consumers who've preordered the 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus in record numbers. These are the phones
Apple devotees have been waiting for: iPhones that measure up to what's fast
becoming the new normal -- the large, modern smartphone display. Count me among
those glad they're here.

People have preordered on faith, since they haven't seen these super-sized
iPhones up close or experienced what they feel like in pockets and handbags. I
have and let me be reassuring -- you won't regret your decision, though going
big may require a small adjustment, and my experience wasn't totally
trouble-free.

The new phones are enclosed in sturdy anodized aluminum. And though the handsets
are bigger and heavier their predecessors, they're also thinner. The sleep/power
button has moved to the side. Each has the Touch ID fingerprint scanner
introduced on the iPhone 5s.

The 6 Plus is the first Apple phone to enter the phablet category popularized by
Samsung's Notes. Samsung has been running ads -- a bit defensively I think --
knocking the new iPhone as playing catch-up with even its older Notes models.
But while Samsung's phablets are equipped with souped-up styluses called the S
Pen for writing and other tricks, Apple eschews the pen.

Here's a closer look at the 6 Plus and the 6.

SIZING UP THE SIZES. The iPhone 5 and 5s really do look like a kid brother
placed next to the 6 or 6 Plus; the iPhone 4 or 4s models are practically
toddler-sized.

I prefer the 6 Plus because I like the biggest of the big screens, and like that
I have to squint less often. It felt fine in my jeans pocket, but won't fit
every snug purse or small pair of hands.

The 5.5-inch 6 Plus has an 88% larger viewing area than the 5s. The 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 has a 38% larger area. Both have splendid Retina HD displays, with
resolutions of 1334 X 750 and 1920 X 1080 respectively.

The screens accommodate an extra row of home screen icons. And when you're
checking your calendar, you can glance at seven days of appointments at once on
the 6 Plus in the weekly landscape view, compared with six days on the 6 or five
days on the 5.

It's harder (but not impossible) to use the iPhone 6 Plus one-handed, even with
Apple adding a gesture called Reachability which makes the top portion of the
display move down toward the bottom when you gently double-tap the home button.

It's also still a tad unnatural to hold a really large phone up to your ear
during a call. In that sense the 6 felt more comfortable.

Apple made other accommodations on the 6 Plus: When you rotate the phone to its
side, some apps display a two-panel view. On both new phones you have the option
of choosing a standard view with normal-size icons and fonts, or a zoomed view
that gives you bigger controls but less room for other stuff.

Developers may have to make some adjustments before their apps are iPhone 6
Plus- ready. The search icon inside the YouTube app actually touched the
Bluetooth icon and the battery gauge in the Apple task bar.

The rumored rugged Sapphire display didn't happen (though Sapphire covers the
Touch ID button and the camera lens), so if you're the type to protect your
phone with a case, you'll obviously have to spring for a bigger replacement.

CAMERAS. Larger displays double as larger viewfinders, a benefit to
photographers. You can use either volume button to fire off a picture, which is
nice. I generally found the 6 easier to maneuver, though the 6 Plus has an
optical image-stabilization feature that the 6 lacks, to reduce the shakes when
you're shooting video. Video I shot on the 6 Plus from a moving car came out
smooth. However, on the 6 Plus I once couldn't stop shooting a video, an
apparent bug. You can now shoot high-definition videos at a faster (60fps) frame
rate and also shoot time-lapse videos. And Apple has also improved the focusing
system. I was pleased with the quality of pictures and videos I shot.

Of note, selfie fans can now capture 10 photos per second as part of a burst
mode feature added to the front camera. I took advantage of a timer feature that
gives you three or 10 seconds to prepare for your close-up burst.

iOS 8. The operating system need not play second fiddle to the hardware; iOS 8
brings numerous improvements, starting with a better predictive Apple keyboard
you come to appreciate quickly. The ability to install third-party keyboards as
on Android phones is an added plus.

The new Health app is a useful repository for all sorts of health and fitness
data. I used it to display the number of stairs I climbed, a measurement made
possible by the barometer inside the new phones.

IOS 8 has also improved notifications and messaging. For example, you can tap
and swipe to add a recording to an outgoing text message that can expire in two
minutes. Also promising is a Family Sharing feature that lets you and other
members of the household share a calendar, photos and iTunes, iBook and app
purchases. You can make the kids ask before they buy. Expect frequent requests:
The App Store now has more than 1.3 million apps.

APPLE PAY. Can Apple get you to shop your way through a mall with a wave of your
phone? We'll find out come October, when Apple Pay debuts for the 6 and 6 Plus.

I got to demo Apple Pay but not test it in the real world with crowded shoppers.
The process certainly seems simple. In a store, you'll place the phone within
about an inch of a compatible terminal while pressing the Touch ID fingerprint
scanner to transact -- pretty robust security right there. There's no need to
unlock the phone.

Your credit cards are stored in the up-to-now seldom used Passbook app. Payment
info is kept secure inside a chip on the phone. The merchant never sees your
actual credit card number, and Apple is kept in the dark on what you bought or
spent. If your phone is lost or stolen you can remove your cards from Passbook
remotely through Find My iPhone. But there's no need to actually cancel your
credit cards.

BATTERY. Both new phones have bigger batteries, which should yield better
results than on prior iPhones. Apple is touting longer battery life on the 6
Plus compared with the 6, up to 14 hours watching video, vs. 11 hours. I didn't
conduct a formal test, but after a day of heavy mixed use, the battery on the 6
Plus pooped out about 7:15 p.m.

GROWING PAINS. With the 6 and 6 Plus, Apple ditched a 32GB storage model. If you
take lots of pictures and videos or download frequent apps, the 16GB entry
capacity may not cut it. Now the step-up is 64GB or 128 GB.

Inside is a new Apple-designed A8 chip and the phone is snappy. But I hit a few
snags, especially with the 6 Plus. A few times, the 6 Plus failed to rotate from
landscape to portrait or back (the rotation lock was unlocked). Once the Mail
app froze. Another time the 6 Plus restarted on its own. Reachability also
didn't work one time until I rebooted the phone. Hopefully this is an
aberration.

Notwithstanding such growing pains, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are smartphone
stars. Really big stars.

Baig is the co-author of iPhone For Dummies, an independent work published by
Wiley.

---

THE BOTTOM LINE

IPhone 6 and 6 Plus

www.apple.com

IPhone 6 is $199 (16 GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with two year contracts
from AT&T, Sprint and Verizon Wireless or $649, $749 or $849, contract-free from
T-Mobile.

IPhone 6 Plus is $299, $399 and $499 on AT&T, Sprint and Verizon with two-year
contracts, or $749, $849 or $949 contract-free from T-Mobile.

Pro. Large displays provide extra screen real estate. Touch ID. IOS features
such as Health app and redesigned predictive keyboards. Improved camera and
Photos app. Optical image stabilization (iPhone 6 Plus only).

Con. IPhone 6 Plus may be too large for some users. 6 Plus was buggy. You may
need to buy new cases or other accessories to accommodate larger displays.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

Big fat iPhone 6 Plus leads to trouble in Trouserville

BYLINE: Patrick May

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 210 words


With the recent arrival of the new and larger iPhone 6 Plus, along with the
consternation it has caused among users unable to stick the thing in their
pockets, the fashion industry is agonizing over nothing short of the future of
pants.

As Yohana Desta at Mashable.com puts it, this is a very sobering moment for the
makers of khaki, cargo and capris:

Along with Samsung's mammoth Galaxy phones, Apple's phablet mega-sized phone is
starting to look like the future of mobile tech.

That's bad news for your pants. Gone are the days of casually stuffing your
palm-sized phone in your pocket. Phablets are too big for such a trend, causing
people to worry: Where do we put our phones now?

The New York Post summed it up this way:

Thinking about splurging on a new iPhone 6 Plus? You may want to make sure it
fits in your pocket first.

last month, retailers are considering enlarging the pocket sizes on pants to
accommodate the 5.5-inch "phablet."

In response, a slew of clothing designers have been brainstorming among
themselves to create pants that can accommodate the larger phones. Desta
collected this spellbinding list of who's doing what to solve the Great
Phablet/Pants Crisis of 2014:

Photo: Left to right: the iPhone 5, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Getty Images)

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide
Marketing Phil Schiller announcees the new iPhone 6 during an Apple special
event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in
Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the two new iPhones the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Apple's IPhone 6 proves tough to bend in lab test

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

LENGTH: 285 words


San Francisco: Apple's new iPhones, facing an Internet outcry about their
malleability, proved difficult to bend and fit for daily use in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.



Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took 'significant force' to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 were among the other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is 'extremely rare'. Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, California-based company said in a September
25 statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to 'Consumer Reports'. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports' said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.
 Muscat Press and Publishing House SAOC 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2014 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple Sets Record With First-Weekend iPhone 6 Sales

BYLINE: Georg Szalai

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 325  words


Apple said Monday that it sold more than 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
models over the first three-day weekend, a new company record. Apple previously
said first-day orders topped 4 million.

The new models, unveiled earlier this month, are available in the U.S.,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and
the U.K. and will be available in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26.
The new iPhones will be available in 115 countries by the end of the year.

Watch more: Features of the New iPhone 6 Models

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," said Apple CEO Tim Cook, who had presented
the new devices earlier this monthalong with others. "We would like to thank all
of our customers for making this our best launch ever, shattering all previous
sell-through records by a large margin. While our team managed the manufacturing
ramp better than ever before, we could have sold many more iPhones with greater
supply, and we are working hard to fill orders as quickly as possible."

Some Wall Street observers had projected sales of around 10 million for the
first weekend, compared with about 9 million for the iPhone 5S/5C launch in
September, which included China. The new models have been delayed in China.

See more: The Apple Watch

Cowen & Co. analyst Timothy Arcuri said the strong first-weekend trends "are
further confirmation of our thesis this product cycle and its overall set-up are
different from previous sell-the-news launches." He added: "We continue to
expect unprecedented upgrade sales over the next several quarters as 6/6+ allow
Apple to both upsell its core high-end customers and to target high-end Android
switchers."

He added: "We continue to believe our above-Street iPhone 6/6+ units [estimates
of] 118 million near-term are potentially very conservative."

Email: Georg.Szalai@THR.com Twitter: @georgszalai


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                       August 31, 2015 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours: Smartphone features super-sized selfie camera and comes in
PINK;
Latest leaks provide clearest evidence of Apple's selfie-obsession - but will
its new hue scare off men AND women?

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 834 words


The upcoming iPhone could feature a beefed up selfie camera and will probably
come in the world's most controversial colour: pink.

Fresh leaks have hinted at the pastel ambitions of Apple, as well its desire to
help the selfie-obsessed people of the world take pictures of themselves.

The blog 9to5Mac has published an advert from accessory manufacturer Spigen, who
are preparing to make a phone case in the same "Rose Gold" shade Apple is
expected to debut at its iPhone launch event on September 9.

Apple's colour decision is likely to be controversial, as feminists have long
railed against pink's association with femininity and delight in highlighting
sexism wherever they imagine it to be present.

95mac

The website has also obtained fresh pictures of the new smartphone showing its
super-sized selfie camera, which is expected to have a front-facing flash to
light up your self-portraits, and the sensors which power the mobile's
pioneering Force Touch feature.

We'd like to take a moment to tell (or warn) Apple about the Pink Stinks
campaign , which urged parents to avoid buying rose-coloured gifts for young
girls.

The thrust of the campaigners' arguments is that pink is somehow "sexist",
leading the young women who wear it into a dead end of vapid niceness.

Boys, on the other hand, are ushered into a life of purposeful, thrusting
success by wearing the colour blue which, apparently, makes them "bold and
challenging".

All of which leads us to ask.

Is the iPhone 6s/7 sexist?

Whilst you're chewing over that question, here's a round up of all the iPhone
intelligence we've gleaned so far:

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 31, 2015 Monday 3:32 PM GMT

iPhone 6s/7 rumours: Smartphone features super-sized selfie camera and comes in
PINK;
Latest leaks provide clearest evidence of Apple's selfie-obsession - but will
its new hue scare off men AND women?

BYLINE: By Jasper Hamill

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 834 words


The upcoming iPhone could feature a beefed up selfie camera and will probably
come in the world's most controversial colour: pink.

Fresh leaks have hinted at the pastel ambitions of Apple, as well its desire to
help the selfie-obsessed people of the world take pictures of themselves.

The blog 9to5Mac has published an advert from accessory manufacturer Spigen, who
are preparing to make a phone case in the same "Rose Gold" shade Apple is
expected to debut at its iPhone launch event on September 9.

Apple's colour decision is likely to be controversial, as feminists have long
railed against pink's association with femininity and delight in highlighting
sexism wherever they imagine it to be present.

95mac

The website has also obtained fresh pictures of the new smartphone showing its
super-sized selfie camera, which is expected to have a front-facing flash to
light up your self-portraits, and the sensors which power the mobile's
pioneering Force Touch feature.

We'd like to take a moment to tell (or warn) Apple about the Pink Stinks
campaign , which urged parents to avoid buying rose-coloured gifts for young
girls.

The thrust of the campaigners' arguments is that pink is somehow "sexist",
leading the young women who wear it into a dead end of vapid niceness.

Boys, on the other hand, are ushered into a life of purposeful, thrusting
success by wearing the colour blue which, apparently, makes them "bold and
challenging".

All of which leads us to ask.

Is the iPhone 6s/7 sexist?

Whilst you're chewing over that question, here's a round up of all the iPhone
intelligence we've gleaned so far:

Apple iPhone 7: Price

If the rumours of a smaller, cheaper iPhone 6C are true then it's unlikely that
Apple's main iPhone 7 will be any easier on the wallet than past models.

Most experts reckon the new iPhone will start at £539 for a 16GB model,
effectively taking the place of the current iPhone 6 - which will see an
incremental drop in price.

If true, we could expect other models with larger storage - 64GB and 128GB most
likely - to stick with the £619 and £699 prices. Apple iPhone 7: Release date

We'll see it officially revealed on September 9.

Both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 5S were revealed in September and Apple has no
reason to change its strategy. It will look to take advantage of Black Friday
sales and the run up to Christmas.

Alongside the iPhone 6S, Apple is also expected to reveal the iPhone 6S Plus and
potentially an iPhone 6C . Apple iPhone 7: Camera and design

Expect this phone to be a snapper's delight, with a 12 megapixel camera and the
ability to shoot 4K video.

It will probably include a front-facing camera flash - something currently
unavailable on any existing model of iPhone.

Hamza tweet 1

In terms of design, the iPhone 6 was a big change from the iPhone 5S and it's
unlikely Apple will redesign the appearance two years running.

Having said that, both Samsung and LG have embraced curvy screens with the
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and the LG G Flex 2 respectively.

It's unlikely Apple will follow suit but then the world's most valuable company
has frequently had a problem with bending phones .

And yet, the latest set of rumours suggest that Apple will be introducing a
brand new colour into the mix. We're expecting the usual space grey, silver and
gold options but how about...pink?

A set of images appearing on Chinese social media appear to show a fully-formed
2015 iPhone with a pink case.

Apple usually refers to this colour as "Rose Gold" when it's talking about the
Apple Watch - so it could be producing this new version of the iPhone to match
its smartwatch.

Screen size is perhaps the most contentious issue. Some rumours have suggested
Apple will reveal three handsets this year , each with a different screen size.

Alongside the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch upgrades to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, some
rumours have suggested a smaller iPhone 6C could be revealed with a 4-inch
screen.

If true, it would give Apple a "budget" option to appeal to those who don't want
to fork out for the larger phones. Apple iPhone 7: Specs

Because the new iPhone will arrive with Apple's iOS 9 software and an upgraded
processor, it will offer even more power and better efficiency.

According to a report from Reuters , Apple's arch-nemesis Samsung will be
responsible for building 75% of the new processor.

Likely to be called the A9 chip, the new beating heart of the iPhone will be
smaller than the previous iteration - allowing engineers to cram even more
transistors onto the silicone.

At the moment, we don't know what kind of battery the iPhone 7 will use - but at
least there's now a Low Power Mode built into iOS 9 to help it last even longer.

So far, Apple has resisted updating the random-access memory (RAM) of its
smartphones, but some sources expect the new model to have at least 2GB of RAM
on the clock.

iPhone 7 Concept

Will you buy an iPhone 7?

See our pick of the best 5 contract deals on the iPhone 6 here , plus find out
how to buy a second-hand handset, or sell your current device for more.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

iPhone sales in China top US

BYLINE: JACK FREIFELDER in New York

SECTION: ASIA PACIFIC

LENGTH: 518 words


Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest flagship devices, the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 plus, has spurred consumers there to buy more iPhones than their
American counterparts for the first time, data from UBS showed.

"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw outsized growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 percent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst with
global financial services firm UBS, wrote in a Jan 7 research note.

The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 percent a year ago to 24
percent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.

Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.

Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based
multinational. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.

Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.

"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late Dec 2013
and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6/6+ in October, so it seems reasonable that
demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.

In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD.com.

At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 percent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3
percent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.

Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp (IDC). The company boosted
its global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).

Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 percent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 percent.

Other global players, including domestic Chinese leaders Xiaomi and Lenovo Group
Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the fray. Xiaomi and Lenovo rank third and
fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

During an October trip to China, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in an interview with
local media that "it's just a matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's
biggest revenue contributor". Cook also noted that Apple has plans to increase
the number of retail stores in China from 15 to 40 during the next few years.

Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice-president of Internet Software and Services, said
in a November press release that China is already one of the company's largest
markets.

jackfreifelder@chinadailyusa.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

New Products

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 497 words


Fujifilm X-T2

MIRRORLESS CAMERA

$2,599 (body only), available from Sept 8

Fujifilm has launched the X-T2, the successor to its critically acclaimed,
two-year-old X-T1. It retains most of the SLR-like design of its predecessor but
has added a rear joystick for easy change of focusing points.

It has been upgraded with a new 24.3-megapixel X-Trans CMOS III APS-C image
sensor and the latest X-Processor Pro image processor and has two SD-card slots.

mophie juice pack wireless for iPhone 6/6 Plus

IPHONE BATTERY CASE

$139 (iPhone 6s/6), $179 (iPhone 6s Plus/6 Plus)

Add more juice and wireless charging to your Apple iPhone 6s or 6s Plus with the
mophie juice pack wireless battery case.

With a 1,560mAh (iPhone 6/6s) or a 2,420mAh (iPhone 6/6s Plus) built-in
rechargeable battery, it offers over 50 per cent more battery life as well as
protection for your iPhone.

During charging, the juice pack wireless will provide power to your iPhone first
before it starts to recharge itself.

Onkyo E700M

IN-EAR HEADPHONES

$139

For audiophiles who listen to high-resolution audio (High-Res) the Onkyo E700M
is worth checking out. Said to be optimised for High-Res playback, it comes with
13.5mm drivers that are tuned to bring out crisp details and subtle nuances,
while its lightweight aluminium housing is built to eliminate unwanted
vibrations that might mar the sound.

It comes with three different-sized ergonomically shaped silicone ear tips and a
tangle-free cable with an in-line remote-and-mic unit.

Aztech PSD500

STORAGE DONGLE

$99, available this month

You can now create your own personal cloud with the Aztech PSD500. Dubbed the
Personal Storage Dongle, it has an Ethernet port at one end and a USB port at
the other.

This allows you to connect any USB hard drive (up to 2TB) to the PSD500, and
hook the PSD500 to your router to create your own cloud storage. You can then
access your files using the Aztech Storage app (available on both Android and
iOS) on your smartphone anywhere, as long as you have an Internet connection.

PowerColor Red Devil Radeon RX 470 4GB GDDR5

GRAPHICS CARD

$319

The PowerColor Red Devil RX 470 graphics card features 4GB of GDDR5 memory with
2,048 stream processors and 1,750MHz clock speed for great gaming performance.
It uses the new Double Blade III cooling fan, which has more blades than
conventional fans, to increase airflow and prevent dust deposition.

This Red Devil also supports the latest graphics technologies, such as DirectX
12, Vulkan, FreeSync and Liquid VR.

Mosclean

HOME APPLIANCE

$88

Unlike traditional mosquito traps that use harmful chemical sprays or a
high-voltage metal grid, the Mosclean is a safer and more environmentally
friendly version.

Using ultra-violet LEDs with an optimised light wavelength and a special coating
that produces carbon dioxide (as bait) through a photo-catalytic reaction, the
Mosclean is said to attract and kill three times more mosquitoes than
conventional traps in lab tests.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fujifilm X-T2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple grapples with gaffes after iPhone 6 launch

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 761 words


CUPERTINO -- Just a week after its new iPhones were greeted with rave reviews
and record sales, Apple has been beset by a rare bout of bad publicity.

First, reports surfaced that its new iPhones were at risk of bending. Then the
company was forced to yank a bug-riddled update for iOS, its operating system
for phones and tablets. That left the valley's consummate perfectionist doing
damage control at an inopportune time, with customers flooding into stores to
check out the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The missteps helped send its stock
lower by nearly 4 percent Thursday and may nick Apple's reputation for polished
devices that work right out of the box, analysts say.

"They seem to be scrambling over at Apple to try to get things right," said
analyst Matt Margolis of PTT Research.

Apple's public relations arm sprang into action after the gaffes. The company
apologized for glitches in the iOS update, which was shelved a little more than
an hour after its release Wednesday after users complained they were unable to
make calls or use the fingerprint sensor. Apple said fewer than 40,000 users
downloaded the software, and late Thursday the company released a new update.

Meanwhile, the company is standing by its hardware, downplaying reports that its
new phones can become bent if people sit with them in their pockets. Social
media sites were teeming with photos of warped phones -- particularly the iPhone
6 Plus -- branded with the hashtag "bendgate." But despite the flurry of posts,
Apple said it had heard from just nine people complaining of a bent iPhone 6
Plus.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," an Apple spokeswoman said
in a statement.

Finding flaws in new Apple products is a popular parlor game in Silicon Valley,
and several analysts said they suspected complaints about bent phones were
overblown. Though Apple enjoys a sterling reputation, its past is not without
trouble. Users complained of dropped calls and poor reception with the iPhone 4
because of the design of its antenna, and Apple led some drivers astray when it
swapped out Google Maps with its own mapping software in 2012.

"Neither of those tainted Apple's reputation, and I do not think this will,
either," Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of U.S. business at
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, wrote in an email.

But the botched software update may be more troubling. Apple released iOS 8.0.1
to address several bugs in iOS 8, but the fix had far more serious problems.

"The quality control is not where it should be," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of
TECHnalysis Research.

And users may be sensitive to any imperfections in the 6 Plus, which costs $750
without a contract. Like last year's iPhone 5S, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made
with an aluminum shell, most likely chosen because it is lightweight and
inexpensive, said Robert Ritchie, a materials science and engineering professor
at UC Berkeley. Although aluminum is very malleable, it can be strengthened
considerably when it is alloyed, said Ritchie, noting that most commercial
airplanes have aluminum shells.

"It certainly works for aircraft," Ritchie said. "It should work for an iPhone."

But users can exert more force with a bigger device, upping the odds of a bend,
Ritchie said. The screen on the iPhone 6 Plus measures 5.5 inches diagonally, up
from 4 inches for the iPhone 5S.

"It's not surprising that this could happen if it wasn't designed properly,"
Ritchie.

Ritchie added that aluminum alloys are typically treated with heat during
manufacturing to boost their strength. A glitch in that process might be a more
likely explanation for the reports of bending, given Apple's sophisticated
design, he said, meaning manufacturing can be tweaked to resolve the problem.

Users who accidentally bend their iPhones will be covered by SquareTrade, a
company that sells device warranties, spokeswoman Jessica Hoffman said. But so
far, the company has not heard any complaints of bent iPhones, though it has
received dozens of claims stemming from drops and spills, Hoffman said. In an
informal office test of the 6 Plus, a body builder on SquareTrade's staff easily
bent the 6 Plus, but Hoffman said she couldn't dent the device.

As phones become thinner and lighter, bendability is likely to be a new test for
devices, said John Jackson, an analyst at IDC. But he expects Apple to weather
it.

"In past instances we've seen consumers vote with their wallets, and Apple
appears to have enough good will to withstand this," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this June 2, 2014 photo, Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about iOS
8 at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco. Apple has
stopped providing an update to its new iOS 8 mobile operating software,
following complaints by some users who said Wednesday, Sept. 24, 2014, that the
update interferes with their ability to make phone calls. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu,
File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFS

SECTION: TO THE POINT; BUSINESS BRIEFS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 356 words


TECHNOLOGY

Most iPhone users have the 6

About 52% of U.S. iPhone owners have upgraded to the latest models -- the iPhone
6 or iPhone 6 Plus, nearly twice the global average, according to Consumer
Intelligence Research Partners. Apple CEO Tim Cook last week said 27% of the
iPhone installed base worldwide has moved to iPhone 6 series handsets. In the
U.S., 33 mil iPhone 6 and 17 mil iPhone 6 Plus models are in use, CIRP
estimates. Apple shares fell 1.4% to 122.77.

SECURITY

ADT: Not feeling insecure yet

The home security incumbent has yet to feel threatened by Apple's
"do-it-yourself" HomeKit -- and growth in AT&T's Digital Life and Comcast's
investments in home automation and security may benefit ADT. So says Citigroup
analyst Jason Bazinet, who upgraded ADT stock to buy, with a price target of 39,
because the home security market "has morphed into the "smart home' market." The
big question is how fast the market may shift to a consumer
"do-it-yourself"-type model, said Bazinet. ADT shares rose 1.9% to 31.97.

IPOs

Planet Fitness sets IPO terms

The franchisers and operators of fitness centers will offer 13.5 mil shares at a
price range of 14-16, to raise $203 mil in its initial public offering. It will
list on the NYSE under the ticker PLNT. Planet Fitness has more than 1,000
fitness centers in 47 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. It reported revenue of
$279.8 mil in '14, up 33% from the prior year, and net income of $37.3 mil. It
reported Q1 revenue of $76.9 mil, up 33.5%, and net income of $8.5 mil.

IN BRIEF

Precision Castparts, an aerospace and industrial components maker, agreed to buy
smaller rival Noranco for $560 mil. Precision shares fell 0.7% to 187.33, down
1.35. Beacon Roofing Supply will buy Roofing Supply Group for $1.1 bil cash.

Wabtec, a railroad parts supplier, offered $1.8 bil including debt for a
majority share of France-based Faiveley Transport, saying it's a prelude to
buying the entire company. Wabtec rose 7.2% to 97.93. Fuel cell systems maker
Plug Power agreed to buy 80% of HyPulsion, its European joint venture, from
France's Air Liquide, for $11.47 mil in stock. Plug Power fell 2.5% to 2.32.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Apple fan frenzy as iPhone 6 hits store shelves

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercuyrnews.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 775 words


Christmas came in September this year for Apple devotees, who stormed the
company's Bay Area stores Friday morning to buy new iPhones, though not all got
the models on their wish lists.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were met with delirious excitement by fans, many of whom
had awakened at the crack of dawn -- or even camped out -- to buy them first.
With significantly larger screens, the new iPhones help Apple match competitors
like Samsung, which have long offered devices that blur the line between
smartphones and tablets.

Hundreds of people clogged Chestnut Street in San Francisco's Marina
neighborhood, where the line to enter the Apple Store wrapped around the block.
Many were fatigued after a sleepless night in the cold, but they perked up once
they'd secured the prized phones. Raul Ramos, a 68-year-old San Francisco
resident, was jubilant as he strolled out of the store with a gold 6 Plus in
hand.

"I'm not going home to sleep," said Ramos, a retired pharmacist who has camped
out for every new model since the iPhone 3. "I'm going to be playing with it."

Like Ramos, many Apple fans on Chestnut Street set their sights on the 6 Plus,
which has a 5.5-inch screen that dwarfs Apple's previous versions. But supplies
did not last long. Reza Asadi, who spent a night of his San Francisco vacation
on the sidewalk in hopes of buying the 6 Plus, left the Apple Store
disappointed.

Fans clustered on University Avenue in Palo Alto were treated to a visit from
CEO Tim Cook, who opened the doors of the Apple Store with a broad smile.

"Thanks to all the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus owners around the world!" he
wrote on Twitter Friday morning.

Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last week as part of a wave of new
products and services at a star-studded event in Cupertino. If supplies don't
run out, many analysts predict that Apple will sell more than 10 million iPhones
this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening weekend for the iPhone 5S and
5C last year. 451 Research analyst Carl Howe expects sales to reach 12 million
to 15 million units, noting that cities around the world have reported record
lines.

"This is a very strong launch," he said.

The devices also went up for sale in Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K. on Friday, and Apple will open
up sales in more than 20 additional countries next Friday.

The iPhone 6 costs $199 with a two-year contract, while the 6 Plus starts at
$299. Apart from their superior size, the phones offer sharper displays,
improved battery life and an upgraded camera, Apple has said. In addition, the
gadgets are equipped with Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that allows users
to buy items in stores with a wave of their phones.

Braving a cold and gray night in San Francisco, Apple fans were, if not
comfortable, at least well fed. Apple employees served up coffee and biscuits
for breakfast, and later in the morning, Chase representatives dressed in shirts
that read "#feedtheline" doled out burritos.

Fans slept at their own peril. Kelly Sanders, a 22-year-old nurse who came to
trade her iPhone 5S for a 6 Plus, said she dozed off in the wee hours of the
morning with about 20 people ahead of her in line. She woke up two hours later
to find some 40 people standing between her and the doors of the Apple Store.

With rampant cutting in line, "you couldn't shut your eyes," said Sanders, who
was visiting from Las Vegas.

People in line said tensions flared during the night between die-hard Apple fans
and people who planned to resell the devices on the booming gray market. San
Francisco photographer Diane Rieger, 32, said she agreed to buy the phone for a
local startup, and expected to take home about $500 for her work. But she was
dismayed by the resellers' behavior.

"I'm worried about humanity," she said. "Forget the phone -- don't be that kind
of person."

Tony Ring-Dowell, a four-year veteran of the iPhone line, agreed that the scene
was more cutthroat this year. But by the time he strode out of the Apple Store
with a pair of iPhone 6s, he said he was "elated."

"This year I'm even more excited because the phone is so different and I waited
much longer for it," said Ring-Dowell, who lives in Daly City.

Shaun Johnson, who works on PayPal's mobile team, said he felt confident
springing for the 5.5-inch 6 Plus after test-driving a cardboard model of the
device that was circulating the line. Though he had to show up shortly after 5
p.m. Thursday to claim the device, Johnson and those he befriended in line found
a place to seek refuge.

"We spent most of the night in a wine bar," the 35-year-old San Francisco
resident said.

---

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PALO ALTO, CA - SEPTEMBER 19: Apple CEO Tim Cook opens the door to an
Apple Store to begin sales of the new iPhone 6 on September 19, 2014 in Palo
Alto, California. Hundreds of people lined up to purchase the new iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus that went on sale today. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                      September 8, 2014 Monday 3:30 PM GMT

What time is the iPhone 6 launch tomorrow? How to watch Apple's release event
online;
WITH just a day to go until Apple unveil the next-generation iPhone, here's
everything you know about the event and how to watch it.

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1016 words


THERE'S just a day to go until Apple's biggest hardware event in years - the
iPhone 6 launch.

Rumours about the features, specs and style of the next-generation iPhone have
set the internet ablaze in recent weeks - fuelled by a series of leaked pictures
claiming to give a glimpse of the new device.

As well as revealing two models of iPhone 6 - with 4.7" and 5.5" screens -
there's widespread speculation Apple are gearing up to make their first move
into wearable technology tomorrow.

Many believe they're set to reveal an iWatch - which would act as a home
automation remote control and a health and activity tracker - at tomorrow's
event.

The best bit is you can watch the event as it unfolds in the comfort of your own
home.

Here's what you can expect from the launch event, and all the ways you can
stream it online.What can we expect to see at the keynote?

Everyone's fairly certain that Apple are going to launch the two iPhone 6 models
at tomorrow's event - but could they have a few surprises up their sleeves?

The cryptic invitations sent out to journalists last week carried the enigmatic
phrase "Wish we could say more."

This phrase could be taken in a number of ways - but many see it as a reference
to there being a few things kept under wraps. Most people now believe this will
be the revelation of a wearable device, the iWatch.

There's also speculation it could refer to improvements to Apple's voice command
system - Siri - or increased battery life.

The other big surprise being kept under wraps is the three storey structure
being built by Apple near the Flint centre. Nobody knows what's underneath the
big white box, but most believe it's a hands-on centre for journalists to have a
go on their new device.

Aside from that, the keynote's bound to see contributions from CEO Tim Cook,
Senior Vice Presidents Craig Federighi, Eddy Cue and Phil Schiller.

Design chief Jony Ive, who is in charge of the look and feel of both Apple's
hardware and iOS software, doesn't do the stage show, but he's bound to show up
in a few videos with his hypnotic, whispery English voice.When will the iPhone 6
launch be?

Apple will unveil the iPhone 6 on Tuesday, September 9th, at a major event in
the tech giant's home town of Cupertino.

They're holding the event at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts, the venue
they used to launch the original Mac computer and the iPhone 5.

It's the first time in years that Apple have held an event at the Flint Centre -
they usually unveil hardware and software at San Francisco's Yerba Buena Centre
or at their own 'Town Hall' venue at their headquarters.

But the Flint Centre has a much higher capacity - approximately 2,405 seats -
than those other venues, suggesting Apple is looking to launch its new products
with a larger than usual bang.

The event kicks off at 10am California time, which works out to 6pm UK time.How
can I watch the event online?

You'll be able to watch the event through the iTunes app on any iPhone, iPad or
iPod Touch.

There'll also be a special event app icon appearing on the home screen of Apple
TV devices on the day of the keynote.

It'll also be streamed on Apple.com, but you'll need to have a Mac running at
least Snow Leopard and Safari 5.1.10 to watch. PC users are out of luck.

You can also follow all the events with the latest information and commentary
with our live blog. Watch out for details tomorrow.What will the iPhone 6 look
like?

The iPhone 6 is expected to have a more rounded body than the 5S - with a design
that harks back to the original first-generation iPhone.

A video has been released online which claims to show an entire iPhone 6
constructed from parts leaked from the production line.

iPhone 6 cobbled together from leaked factory parts

An alleged leaked schematic suggested the new phone will be 7mm thick - and the
4.7" model has a codename of N56.What new features can we expect?

The iPhone 6 will feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved Touch ID
fingerprint sensor, according to reports.

It will also feature Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the smartphone a huge performance boost, according to tech website Venture Beat

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by Sony.

Apple is also understood to be working with Mastercard, Visa and American
Express to bring a contactless digital payment system to iPhone 6.

The new screen - on the 4.7" version, at least - is thought to have a higher
resolution than previous models.

The Retina screen on the current iPhone 5S has a density of 10.5 pixels per mm.
The 1704x960 display suggested by Feld & Volk would be a much sharper 16 pixels
per mm.            What about the iWatch?

Fans have expected Apple to get into the wearable technology business for a
while, and rumour has it they're going to bolster Tuesday's event by unveiling
the iWatch.

Not much is known about the iWatch, but it's thought it'll tie in closely with
Apple's new HeathKit activity and fitness tracking framework - collecting data
on the user's heart rate, motion and more.

It could also provide a bridge between Siri's voice command system and HomeKit,
Apple's new home automation system - allowing users to remote control smart
lightbulbs, door locks and appliances via the watch.

There's been speculation that HealthKit will be able to automatically put your
iPhone into Do Not Disturb mode when it recognises you're working out - and even
nag you if you haven't been to the gym in a while.How much will iPhone 6 cost?

Apple's pricing is usually kept fairly well under wraps - you can never tell
when they're going to pull a surprise price drop.

But if we base it on last year's pricing, the model with the smallest capacity
(16GB for the 5S) will cost £549, the next up (32GB) £629 and the biggest
storage (64GB) £709.

If Apple upgrade the maximum storage to 128GB as is rumoured, it's likely
they'll make the minimum amount 32GB.

That's all based on the current screen size - we're expecting the price to shoot
up for the 5.5" version, perhaps even more for the "premium" version with
Sapphire glass.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

U2 support Apple as watch steals show;
Wearable device and two iPhones debuted as band releases 13th album

BYLINE: Davin O'Dwyer

SECTION: IRELAND; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 810 words


In what was one of the most keenly anticipated tech events in recent years,
Apple chief executive Tim Cook yesterday unveiled a host of new devices and
technologies at the Flint Centre for the Performing Arts in Cupertino,
California, not far from Apple's headquarters. Even with a heavily rumoured
"surprise" performance from U2, debuting a track from their new album, it was
the new gadgets that provided most of the glamour and wowed the large crowd of
guests and technology journalists.

With two new iPhones and an entirely new wearable device, dubbed the Apple
Watch, as well as announcing a new in mobile payments, it was the company's most
significant such event since founder Steve Jobs unveiled the iPad in 2010, and
challenged the widespread perception that the company was unable to innovate
without Jobs, who died in October 2011.

The big announcement was the unveiling of the Apple Watch, which has been the
subject of rumours for more than two years but which had not seen publicly
before yesterday's event. It is the company's first new product category since
the iPad.

"Apple introduced the world to several category-defining products: the Mac,
iPod, iPhone and iPad," said Mr Cook. "It's the most personal product we've ever
made."

Coming in three editions - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch
Edition - and available in two sizes, 38mm and 42 mm, the device features a a
scratch-resistant sapphire screen and health and fitness monitoring sensors for
lifestyle tracking.

Fashion accessory With the different designs and numerous different straps, the
computer giant is marketing the watch as a fashion accessory as much as a
gadget, a fact reflected in the number of figures from fashion and entertainment
who attended the event, including singers Gwen Stefani and will.i.am and model
Lily Cole.

The new iPhones follow the industry trend of larger screen sizes, with the
iPhone 6 moving to a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the previous generation's
4-inch screen, and an even larger 5.5-inch model, the iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone
6 Plus is a so-called "phablet", a device that sits between smartphones and
tablets in terms of screen real estate.

Despite the size appearing unwieldy, Samsung has had considerable success with
the Galaxy Note series of phablets. Both devices are even thinner than the
previous generation iPhone.

The devices will go on sale on Friday, September 19th, in the United States and
select other countries, and before the end of the year in  Ireland, with prices
beginning at $199 (EUR 154) for the iPhone 6 and $299 for the iPhone 6 Plus.
Supply of the iPhone Plus 6 is expected to be constrained at first.

The third major announcement was the launch of Apple Pay, a new service that the
company says "will transform mobile payments with an easy, secure and private
way to pay" by allowing users to pay by simply waving their iPhone or Apple
Watch at a payment terminal.

Apple Pay works with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus through a NFC antenna design, a
chip called the Secure Element, and verification through the finger- recognition
Touch ID button. Apple is partnering with all the major credit card companies
and many major banks, as well as dozens or retailers and food chains such as
Bloomingdale's, Disney Store, Macy's, McDonald's and Subway. Apple Pay will be
US-only at launch.

The event followed the controversy over the theft of celebrities' private images
from the company's iCloud service, which backs up users' photographs and data to
servers, but executives were at pains to confirm that the new Apple Pay service
was even more secure than using credit cards.

The choice of venue was a pointed one - it was at the Flint Centre that Apple
founder Steve Jobs unveiled the first Macintosh computer in January 1984,
changing the shape of computing history in the process.

'Key day for Apple' The echoes of that event could be felt throughout
yesterday's keynote, with Mr Cook beginning the event by recalling that launch:
"It is great to be back in the Flint Centre . . . On this stage, Steve
introduced the Macintosh. Today, we have some amazing products to share with
you, and we think at the end of the day, you will think that this will be a key
day for Apple".

The unprecedented scale of the media presence, with the auditorium packed with
more than 2,000 journalists from around the world, reflected Apple's
determination to regain the perception that it is the most innovative and
influential technology firm in the world.

In recent years, South Korean giant Samsung has successfully eaten into sales of
Apple devices, while Google's various so-called "moonshot" projects, such as
self-driving cars and smartglasses, are in contrast to Apple's lack of entirely
new devices in recent years. Yesterday's launch event will go some way towards
establishing Apple as the technology's leading innovators.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Khaama Press

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Inc unveils new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 198 words

DATELINE: Afghanistan


Afghanistan, Sept. 9 -- Two new iPhone models were introduced by the world's
largest tech company - Apple Inc during an event in Cupertino, California on
Tuesday evening.

Having fingerprint sensors and mobile wallet services for allowing smartphones
to be used like contactless debit and credit cards.

The iPhone 6 come with a 4.7-inch screen and iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch
display, having equal or better battery life than the iPhone 5S.

The new phones are also thinner - 6.9mm for the iPhone 6 and 7.1mm for the
iPhone 6 Plus and comes with new "Retina HD" screens covered in ion-strengthen.

The camera of the new phones has also been improved by Apple Inc, fitting the
new iPhones with an eight-megapixel camera using focusing technology often found
in dSLR cameras, for fast and accurate photos.

Apple CEO Tim Cook has said the new devices were "the biggest advancement in the
history of iPhone."

The company is also expected to introduce its first new product, a smartwatch
later on Tuesday.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Khaama Press. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2014 Khaama Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Early buyers must wait for new iPhones

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 160 words


Customers who ordered the iPhone 6 in advance have been warned that they might
not receive their handset until next month because of high demand, Apple has
said.

More than four million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus handsets were ordered in the
24 hours after advance sales began last Friday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were revealed at a celebrity launch event near
Apple's headquarters in California last week, along with the company's first
wearable device, Apple Watch.

Apple said that it had held back some iPhone 6 stock for its retail stores, to
go on sale at 8am on Friday.

Tim Cook, Apple's chief executive, said: "We are thrilled customers love them as
much as we do."

The iPhone 6 costs £539 without a contract, and the Plus version is £619 without
a contract. Orders will begin to be sent out from Friday.

Apple plans to start selling Watch for $349 (£215) next year. The company is
said to be preparing to launch the next generation of its iPad next month.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Investors, consumers on iPhone 6 watch; September Launch

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 483 words


Apple Inc.'s fourth-quarter guidance may have come in lower than expected, but
since this is being attributed to the transition into new iPhones and other
product launches, nobody seems to mind.

The technology giant's September quarterly revenue outlook range was
US$37-billion to US$40-billion, below consensus of US$40.5-billion. But all eyes
on are the company's highly anticipated iPhone 6 launch, as several analysts
believe the smartphone will surprise investors on the upside.

Apple is expected to launch 5.5-inch and 4.7-inch screen size versions on Sept.
19, followed by new product categories later in the year.

"We believe the iPhone 6 and new products could lead to upside particularly in
the December quarter," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani told clients,
raising his price target on Apple shares to US$110 from US$100.

The stock was up US$2.42, or 2.55%, to US$94.17 in Nasdaq trading Wednesday
morning.

Apple reported iPhone sales of 35.2 million with an average sale price of US$563
in fiscal Q3. The 6% quarterover-quarter price decline suggests its product mix
has shifted slightly away from the 5s product line, and the company stated that
the 5c was the fastest-growing iPhone.

Recent surveys by Canaccord Genuity indicate growing consumer awareness and
increased willingness to pay more for new larger-screen iPhones. As a result,
analyst T. Michael Walkley anticipates a very strong iPhone 6 upgrade cycle.

"We believe consumers slowed the pace of iPhone upgrade purchases during the
iPhone 5 and 5s product cycles, and we believe the extended replacement rates
combined with new larger-screen iPhones position Apple with its large installed
base for record iPhone 6 sales," he said.

Mr. Walkley also expects Apple will charge a premium for these larger-screen
iPhones, producing stable gross margin trends, but with a higher gross margin
dollar contribution due to an increasing revenue mix from higher ASP iPhones.

While Apple's overall iPhone shipments disappointed slightly, as total iPhone
sales grew 9%, it saw strong growth of 55% in BRIC countries. IPad sales were
also stronger in emerging markets, with Chinese growth in the 50% range and
Middle East growth in the 60% range.

Apple's results were also marked by impressive Mac sales and slower declines in
iTunes revenue.

Based on developer earnings to date of US$20-billion from the app store, along
with other data points, J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimates that iTunes
digital content revenues declined by just 10% to 15% in the first half of
calendar 2014.

Mr. Hall also highlighted the fact that the sub-$1,000 laptop segment represents
US$63-billion in annual revenues and Apple still has virtually no market share
there.

Mac sales in Q3 came in at an impressive US$5.54-billion and management noted
that the strength was driven by portables and "very strong growth" for the
Macbook Air.

jratner@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      October 31, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple prepping up for 'Black Friday' Sale Day, iPhone 6 from Indian lands
diverted to China

LENGTH: 239  words


Apple's latest 4.7 inch Iphone 6 is going out of stock in India, but this time
it is not the huge demand which the reason of this. It is Apple who is to be
blamed for this because it is diverting reportedly diverting supplies of the
phone to select markets like China.

Chinese market will celebrate Black Friday on the 28th November, which is a one
day shopping festival on Gadgets when companies introduce great discounts on
products). To prep up stocks for the day several large retailers and Apple
exclusive stores have stopped booking of Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, reports the
EconomicTimes.

According to the report head of a big electronics retail chain have informed
that Apple's distributors have failed to make a commitment on the supplies of
the handset which is why they have stopped booking to "avoid any confrontation
with customer."

The news report further says that the supply has become erratic in last two
weeks with only an estimated 15,000 units coming in phases.  Note that Apple
iPhone 6 launched in Indian on the 17th October and the stock of 55,000 units
went out of stock on three days.


This week Reliance Communications has listed Zero Down Payment Plans for  iPhone
6 and iPhone 6 Plus on its website for India. Under the Zero Plan contract, a
user can own an iPhone 6 with an Rs. 3,099 monthly rental for each month for two
years, or can buy the iPhone 6 Plus on a two-year contract with an Rs. 3,599
monthly plan.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple Inc sells record 10 million in first three days

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 23 -- Tech giant Apple on Monday said that it has set a new record
of selling over 10 million of its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models, just
three days after the launch on September 19.

The US-based company said that iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in the
US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the UK and will be available in more than 20 additional countries on
September 26.

Commenting on the development, Apple, CEO, Tim Cook said, "Sales for iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch weekend, and we
couldn't be happier. We would like to thank all of our customers for making this
our best launch ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large
margin."

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone history,
featuring two new models with stunning 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina® HD
displays, and packed with innovative technologies in an all-new dramatically
thin and seamless design that is still comfortable to hold and easy to use.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 11:15 AM GMT

iPhone 6 and Apple Watch: queues at London Apple Store as tech giant unveils
latest gadgets

BYLINE: Gareth Vipers

SECTION: HOME

LENGTH: 739 words


Eager Londoners have started queuing outside the Apple Store on Regent Street as
the firm unveiled its first ever smartwatch and the latest iPhone.

Tents were erected last night as the tech giant held a highly-anticipated launch
event at its California headquarters.

The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models won't be available until September 19,
but fans of the brand will stay camped out on the street to ensure they are the
first to get their hands on the latest gadgets. Apple's smartwatch isn't
expected to be available until next year.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Confirming online rumours, CEO Tim Cook revealed the brand's first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," Mr Cook said.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

Mr Cook called the iPhone handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone".

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

Related stories

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 8:36 AM GMT

iPhone 6 and Apple Watch launch: queues form outside London Apple Store as tech
giant unveils latest gadgets

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 739 words


Eager Londoners have started queuing outside the Apple Store on Regent Street as
the firm unveiled its first ever smartwatch and the latest iPhone.

Tents were erected last night as the tech giant held a highly-anticipated launch
event at its California headquarters.

The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models won't be available until September 19,
but fans of the brand will stay camped out on the street to ensure they are the
first to get their hands on the latest gadgets. Apple's smartwatch isn't
expected to be available until next year.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Confirming online rumours, CEO Tim Cook revealed the brand's first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," Mr Cook said.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

Mr Cook called the iPhone handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of
iPhone".

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. Partnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

Related stories

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                      August 16, 2015 Sunday 02:33 PM EST

iPhone 7 Rumor Rollup: Into another Galaxy; India up next?

BYLINE: Bob Brown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 560  words


Click for image

Apple iPhone 6S and iPhone 7 rumors took a back seat this past week to Samsung
and its latest Galaxy smartphones, complete with painful introduction event.

The reviews for Samsung's latest, the 5.7-inch Note 5 and S6 Edge+ have been
generally positive, though Apple no doubt regain center stage next month, when
it is expected to unveil the 4.7-inch iPhone 6S and 5.5-inch 6S Plus.

Then again, what if the underwhelmly-named iPhone 6S and 6S Plus flop? One site,
iDigitalTimes, suggests that could be enough to push Apple to speed up the
introduction of a next set of flagship phones, namely the iPhone 7s.

The need for a brand-new iPhone has fallen as used models and Android deals
flood the market. Apple is slated to unveil the iPhone 6s, but if sales
disappoint, then Apple may have incentive to release the iPhone 7 sooner. Time
will tell if Apple buckles under the competition or continue its two year
tradition of releasing new phone models.

Something tells us that Apple won't quite be hurtin' after its September phones
debut though.

What do you C?

The latest scuttlebutt regarding a third iPhone, a small and cheaper 6C model,
seems to be that Apple will not go in that direction.

MacRumors reported that mobile app marketing platform Fiksu saw no sign of a 6C
edition in its latest logs, which show which devices (including pre-production
models) various apps are running on.

MacRumors goes on to say:

Rumors indicate that while Apple did initially consider launching a 4-inch
iPhone 6c in 2015, those plans were scrapped due to concerns the device could
cannibalize sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which Apple wants to offer as a
lower-cost solution when the next-generation iPhones are released. Other rumors
have suggested the iPhone 6c wasnever intended for 2015, with Apple perhaps
planning to launch a smaller-screened phone in 2016.

I, for one, am toying with giving up my iPhone 5, with some hesitation of moving
to a larger phone. But I do want a better camera that even the iPhone 6
provides.

Sneak peek at the guts

MacManiak, an Apple parts and accessories reseller, reveals what it says is the
frame for the iPhone 6S, which doesn't look a lot different from that of the
iPhone 6. It points out two main differences in the new model, including 2 flex
connectors (one horizontal, one vertical) and a straight Touch ID cable (vs. a
bent one in the iPhone 6). iPhoneHacks suggests the additional connector might
indicate that Apple indeed will include its Force Touch technology in the new
iPhones.

Another parts leak involves the rear casing for the next iPhone, and according
to Unbox Therapy indications are that the hardware is designed to safeguard
against the device bending. It appears as though Apple is using a stronger and
lighter aluminum, which is actually thicker in areas near buttons that could be
susceptible to bending.

From China to India

As is widely known, iPhones are mainly cobbled together in China at Foxconn's
sometimes notorious factories. But word out of ValueWalk, citing the Financial
Times, is that Foxconn is investing heavily in building factories in India. This
might help Apple counter some of the wage inflation being seen in China, as well
as enable Apple to boost its sales in India. Of course, iPhones are also made in
the US to some degree, from the engineering elements to certain components.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Celcom Axiata to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus next month

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 167 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Celcom Axiata Bhd will be offering iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to
its customers beginning November 6.

Celcom will be one of the first telecommunications providers in Malaysia to
announce the devices' arrival, it said yesterday.

iPhone 6 features an A8 chip built on second-generation 64-bit desktop-class
architecture, which provides better performance and battery life.

It will come in three colours - space grey, gold and silver - at 16GB, 64GB and
128GB in capacity variants. It also boasts a 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD
display.

Aside from Celcom, Maxis Bhd and DiGi.Com will also be bringing in the
smartphones, packaged with Internet value plans.

iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus debuted on September 19 in the United States, the
United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto
Rico and Singapore.

During their first-weekend launch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sales hit a
combined 10 million units, Apple Inc chief executive officer Tim Cook had said.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Company

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday
                                National Edition

Investors, consumers on iPhone 6 watch; december bounce

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 540 words


Apple Inc.'s fourth-quarter guidance may have come in lower than expected, but
since this is being attributed to the transition into new iPhones and other
product launches, nobody seems to mind.

The technology giant's September quarter revenue outlook range was US$37-billion
to US$40-billion, below consensus of US$40.5-billion. But all eyes on are the
company's highly anticipated iPhone 6 launch, as several analysts believe the
smartphone will surprise investors on the upside.

Apple is expected to launch 5.5-inch and 4.7-inch screen size versions on Sept.
19, followed by new product categories later in the year.

"We believe the iPhone 6 and new products could lead to upside, particularly in
the December quarter," RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani told clients,
raising his price target on Apple shares to US$110 from US$100.

The stock closed Wednesday up US$2.47, or 2.61%, at US$97.19.

Apple reported iPhone sales of 35.2 million with an average sale price of US$563
in fiscal Q3. The 6% quarter-over-quarter price decline suggests its product mix
has shifted slightly away from the 5s product line, and the company stated that
the 5c was the fastest-growing iPhone.

Recent surveys by Canaccord Genuity indicate growing consumer awareness and
increased willingness to pay more for new larger-screen iPhones. As a result,
analyst T. Michael Walkley anticipates a very strong iPhone 6 upgrade cycle.

"We believe consumers slowed the pace of iPhone upgrade purchases during the
iPhone 5 and 5s product cycles, and we believe the extended replacement rates
combined with new larger-screen iPhones position Apple with its large installed
base for record iPhone 6 sales," he said in a research note.

Mr. Walkley also expects Apple will charge a premium for these larger-screen
iPhones, producing stable gross margin trends, but with a higher gross margin
dollar contribution due to an increasing revenue mix from higher ASP iPhones.

While Apple's overall iPhone shipments disappointed slightly, as total iPhone
sales grew 9%, it saw strong growth of 55% in BRIC countries.

iPad sales were also stronger in emerging markets, with Chinese growth in the
50% range and Middle East growth in the 60% range.

Apple's results were also marked by impressive Mac sales and slower declines in
iTunes revenue.

Based on developer earnings to date of US$20-billion from the app store, along
with other data points, JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall estimates that iTunes digital
content revenues declined by just 10% to 15% in the first half of calendar 2014.
The compares to estimates of a 20% to 25% decline in the previous six months.

Mr. Hall also highlighted the fact that the sub-US$1,000 laptop segment
represents US$63-billion in annual revenues and Apple still has virtually no
market share there.

Mac sales in Q3 came in at an impressive US$5.54-billion and management noted
that the strength was driven by portables and "very strong growth" for the
Macbook Air.

Apple cut its lowest Macbook Air price (11.6-inch screen) to US$899 on April 29,
marking the first time a new version of the laptop has been available for
substantially less than US$1,000.

Mr. Hall believes this propelled sales in the final two months of the quarter.

jratner@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Anadolu Agency (AA)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple's new smartphones break pre-order record

LENGTH: 146 words


Around 4 million Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were ordered within the first 24
hours after the smartphones were launched

NEW YORK

Apple's recently unveiled smartphones broke pre-order records for the company,
according to a statement issued by the technology giant on Monday.

Around 4 million iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were ordered within 24 hours of
their launch on September 9. It is reported that the amount of pre-orders has
doubled the number for the iPhone 5, which was introduced two years ago.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," the head of Apple, Tim Cook said in a
written statement.

It is also reported that the record-breaking pre-order of the new smartphones
increased the company's stock value by 0.35 per cent.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus will be available on September 19.

www.aa.com .tr/en

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 400


                          Copyright 2014 Andolu Ajansi
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Bendgate continues: UK robots return to test iPhone 6 bending

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple yet to comment on growing reports of iPhone 6 Plus unsolicited
flexibility.


UK firm SquareTrade, which recently issued this report testing the strength of
Apple's latest iPhones against their competitors, has called on its
mettle-testing robots once again to confirm reports of the iPhone 6 Plus
bending.

In what is now being dubbed 'bendgate', some iPhone 6 Plus owners are claiming
to witness their phones 'bend' in front pockets when seated for long periods of
time.

Reports first surfaced on the MacRumors website and numerous other blogs have
claimed that Apple's new iPhone 6 Plus is 'bending' in users' pockets.

SquareTrade's first iPhone 6 tests found that the iPhone 6 Plus was more robust
than a Samsung Galaxy S5, receiving a score of 5. The Galaxy S5 got a 6.5.

The test, carried out by robots that assess mobile phones on their size, weight,
panel strength, and drop endurance, gives marks out of 10 on a 'breakability
index', with a score of 10 signifying the highest risk.

SquareTrade said: "We've seen the reports in the last 24 hours of bendability
and we're keeping a very close eye on customer feedback. A "bendability test"
hasn't been part of our breakability testing to date because up until this week
we've never seen a phone thin enough to make this a potential issue.

"We've seen the volume of reports of bending today and the clear interest in the
subject. Because we're flexible, we're carrying out a further test later today
to investigate how much of an issue this might be for users. It's important to
stress that this won't have any comparative data. It'll be a view based on one
phone - no bend, no bias, no warp - just SquareTrade's opinion on how much of an
issue this might be."

Apple has yet to respond to the incidents, but that hasn't stopped competitors
jumping in to mock the firm. Chocolate teabreak advocates KitKat posted this
Tweet yesterday:

Some experts have suggested it is the combination of a large screen and
lightweight aluminium casing which is causing the phones to bend so easily.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

4 million first-day orders for iPhone 6

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 250 words


NEW YORK (AP) -- Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger
iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said
Monday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday
and throughout Sep tember, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple
said.

Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores
and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the
previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first
three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the
first 24 hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster
performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores
by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The phones start at $199 with a
two-year service contact.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to
existing users on Wednesday.

The new phones will come with the update, known as iOS 8.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

The Complex Plus Effect

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Dec. 6 -- IPhone 6 Plus is not just a smartphone; it's a statement
phone"- Lauren Goode at Recode.Buying an iPhone used to be an easy decision. You
could decide your colour, how much storage space you need and you went out and
bought yourself the best smartphone in the market. Since Apple introduced the
iPhone 6 in September, it got a little tricky. And if there was one question
that I have been asked thousands of times during the last month, it is, '6 or 6
Plus'. The answer is not that simple.

As you may be aware, the iPhone 6 comes in two sizes. The iPhone 6 with a
4.7-inch screen and the bigger iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch screen. The first
biggest differentiator between them is the price. Both the phones are available
in the same three colours-Space Grey, Silver and Gold -and come with the same
storage space, 16GB, 64GB or 128GB. The cheapest of the lot, the 16GB iPhone 6,
will put you back by about '53,249 and the cheapest 6 Plus will cost you
'62,500. Since 16GB internal storage is not enough for most people, the storage
option to consider would be 64GB. Here an iPhone 6 will cost you '62,500 and a 6
Plus can be had for '71,500.

Once you get over the price and before we get to the biggest differentiator that
is the sheer size of the phones, there are very few factors that put the 6 Plus
apart from its smaller sibling. Even though the phones run on the same A8 chip,
have the same iOS 8 software and come with the same features like the
8-megapixel camera and the Touch ID fingerprint sensor, the screen on the 6 Plus
has a resolution of 1080p, which comes to around 401 pixels per inch and the
screen on the 6 has a resolution of 720p which comes to around 326 pixels per
inch. Having those many more pixels per inch makes a big difference in favour of
the 6 Plus. The display on that big phone is one of the most gorgeous things I
have ever seen on a mobile phone before. Also the bigger screen, and the
resulting bigger body of the 6 Plus means that you get a much bigger battery
which means it will easily last two days on a single charge even with heavy use.
Also the camera module on the 6 Plus has a moving mechanism called 'Optical
Image Stabilisation' which lets you make gorgeous photos even in the lowest of
light conditions.

While the iPhone 6 Plus looks like the better phone among the two phones, there
is a small catch. The 6 Plus is not for everyone, and that is owing to the
massive size of the thing. The slim profile, the rounded edges and the software
features like 'Reachability' which bring down the top of the phone to the bottom
by double-tapping the home button take away most of the pain of using such a big
phone. But there will still be adjustments you will need to make to your
lifestyle to get used to the size. One-handed use, slim jeans, using the phone
while jogging will all be out of your life. And you will forever be dreading
accidentally bending your phone by something as simple as squatting to tie a
shoe lace.

But if you can manage the size, the gorgeous 5.5-inch screen will make you more
productive and will give you a lot of joy. You will read more, watch more and
play more than ever before. And be warned. Once you use the 6 Plus, you can
never go back to a smaller phone. Earlier iPhones like the iPhone 4 and even the
iPhone 5S look like toy phones once you get used to the 6 Plus.

Matham is a tech geek.

Follow him on Twitter @AdarshMatham

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Market capture: Consumers flock towards new iPhone

LENGTH: 491  words


Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple
Incorporation's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's
latest smartphones strained available supply. The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on
September 19 in the US but the company began taking online orders on Thursday.

While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models now display a wait time of up to a
month, the 4.7-inch version remains available for delivery, Apple's website
showed.

Verizon Wireless, ATandT and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to
six weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far
outstripped any of its previous iPhones.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record
number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or
through the Apple Store App," said spokeswoman Trudy Muller.

Apple routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years
that involve a smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens
and some analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on
initial runs. Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because
the need to redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, said supply
chain sources last month.

It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the number of phones available to
consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple declined to comment on supply
chain issues. In addition, Chinese customers may also have to wait until the
year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6.

Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone
market. The company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile
payments service on Tuesday. ATandT's chief executive of mobile and business,
Ralph de la Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6
orders have so far surpassed orders last year and the year before.

Chinese eye Hong Kong's grey market

Meanwhile, wealthy mainland Chinese looking to buy the new iPhone 6 next week
could expect to pay an eye-watering $2,500 for the handsets in Hong Kong,
following Apple's decision to delay the launch in China.

Hong Kong has long been a hub for resold and refurbished phones, and delighted
vendors there were coping with a flood of pre-orders from the Apple-obsessed
mainland.

The price, say sellers in the southern Chinese city, is a bargain  the phones
can then be resold on the mainland, where fans could pay up to $5,000 for a new
handset.

Massive queues and frantic trading were seen outside Apple stores in the
southern Chinese city on previous iPhone launches, with resellers buying units
from hundreds of new iPhone owners to sell on later at inflated prices on the
legal but unauthorised "grey market".

Published in The Express Tribune, September 14th, 2014.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             August 8, 2014 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Reportedly To Hike Battery Life With New iPhone 6

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ this week. She said her statement was based on
supply-chain sources. The current iPhone 5S has a 1,560 mAh battery. Given that
the new iPhone will have a bigger display and faster components than its
predecessor, + the larger battery might not translate into longer battery life.
Rival smartphones already sport bigger batteries, such as the LG Nexus 5, HTC
One M8 and Samsung Galaxy S5. Samsung runs TV commercials mocking Apple iPhones
for their poor battery life.+ The ads show

SECTION: A; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 170 words


Apple has heard iPhone users' gripes about poor battery life and decided to do
something about it with the upcoming iPhone 6.

The 4.7-inch model of the Apple iPhone 6 could ship with a 2,100 mAh
(milliampere hour) capacity battery, rather than the 1,810 mAh battery
previously speculated for the handset, ESM-China analyst Sung Chang Xu said on
WeiboWalletHerohttp://wallethero.com/iphone-6-survey/[/URL] in May found that
longer battery life is the top feature desired in the iPhone 6. Respondents were
allowed to pick multiple choices when asked about their hopes for the next
iPhone. Longer battery life was the top choice, with 97% of respondents,
followed by larger screen (85%), better camera (73%) and faster processor (43%).

A survey of more than 4,000 consumers by RBC Capital Markets in June yielded
similar results. Asked about features that would make them buy the iPhone 6,
improved battery life was the clear No. 1 with 33%, followed by bigger screen
size (23%), faster processor (18%) and better camera (12%).

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     October 9, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Here Are The Most-Talked About Apple iPhone 6 Rumours!

LENGTH: 275  words


The Apple iPhone 5S may have just started breaking records, but people are
already looking at the iPhone 6.

Wednesday, October 09, 2013: So while we wait till 28 October for Apple to
unveil its fourth quarter earnings report, it is fairly certain that it will be
driven by the iPhone 5S sales. The new smartphone has received criticism and
acclaim alike. While this continues, the rumours about the Apple iPhone 6 have
already started going around. Here are some of the top rumours about expected
features of the iPhone 6.

Solar Charging Touch Screen: In February, Apple has reportedly filed a patent
for technology, which allows solar charging to be integrated onto a touch
screen. If the company can develop this and use it in the iPhone 6, then it will
be the biggest advancement in mobile technology.

Camera: When it comes to the camera, Apple is in a way lagging behind the
competitors. Since the iPhone 6 is expected to be larger, the camera is also
expected to bring some big changes. Some say it will have something like the
Nokia Lumia 1020's 41 mega pixel camera. While that remains to be seen, but a 13
mega pixel camera should be added.

Sapphire Glass: There are rumours that Apple is planning to use Sapphire Glass
for the screen on the iPhone 6. If true, this would give a new meaning to
Apple's premium image and would make the screen miles stronger and durable than
any other in the market.

Processor: The Apple A7 has been a good innovation from the company, but with
the iPhone 6, Apple should definitely be coming up with an octa-core chipset.
Rumours are that Apple is planning to make an Octa-Core version for it's current
A7 processor.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Vodafone launches special plans for iPhone 6, 6+, other models

SECTION: TELECOM

LENGTH: 223 words


NEW DELHI: Vodafone India Thursday launched special iPhone plans with EMIs
starting at Rs 2,099 for iPhone 4s, Rs 2,499 for iPhone 5c, Rs 2,999 for iPhone
5s and INR 3,599 for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

India's second-largest telco Vodafone has introduced iPhone 6K plan and iPhone
10K plan for customers who buy a new iPhone bundled with Vodafone services, the
company said in a statement.

The new plans offer loads of local and STD minutes, SMS and data to ensure that
customers would not have to pay extra for 24 months for the covered services
during the plan period.

A 16GB iPhone under iPhone 6K Plan comprises of 6,000 minutes, 1500 SMS and 6GB
of 3G data plan, while the iPhone 10K Plan includes 10,000 minutes, 2,500 SMS
and 10 GB of 3G data, the telco said.

"Our all-inclusive and fully-loaded data plans will allow customers to have a
hassle-free experience with no upfront costs and additional savings on monthly
plans," Vodafone India Chief Executive and Managing Director Marten Pieters
said.

Pieters sees data as a strong growth driver in the years to come and believes
such innovative offers compliment the company's efforts in the growth of this
segment.

The iPhone devices under offer will be available throughout Vodafone stores and
smartphone retail outlets across India from Jan 17 onwards.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

THE WAIT IS OVER New iPhones to Hit Indian Stores in Another 10 Days

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 916 words


Apple hasbegun preorders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6+ smartphones from 12:01 am
on October 7, reports Gulveen Aulakh in New Delhi. Sales of the devices start 10
days later. Retailers and carriers are finalising payment & data bundling
offers.

Large format retailers are busy lining up easy payment options while top
carriers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are finalising data bundling
offers as Apple begins pre-orders of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones
from 12:01 am on October 7, and starts selling them 10 days later.

Apple will sell the smartphones from October 17 in three storage variants
through its official distribution partners Redington, Ingram Micro and Rashi
Peripherals. The 4.7-inch 16 GB iPhone 6 will cost . 53,500, the 64 GB storage
variant ` will come for ` . 62,500, while the 128 GB has a price tag of ` .
71,500, according to Redington's website. The 5.5inch screen iPhone 6 Plus will
be priced higher than its smaller counterpart with the 16 GB variant priced at
`. 62,500 and the 64 GB model costing `. 71,500. The 128 GB variant is the most
expensive, at ` . 80,500.

"The devices will be available at all leading modern trade stores and retail
outlets across India," Ingram Micro said in a statement on Monday. Infibeam, the
sole authorised online retail partner of Apple for iPhones in India, said that
it will begin taking pre-orders of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus online, for
deliveries on October 17.

Interestingly, the prices for iPhone 6 are the same as those of the iPhone 5S
launched last year, the 16 GB variant of which helped Apple cross the 1
million-mark in India iPhone sales within its financial year ended September
2014, for the first time ever.

Some retailers that ET spoke to said that they have received a rush of inquiries
for the latest devices which it launched in the US on September 9, even as Apple
is yet to decide on the stocks that will be given to each of the retail chains.
Some caution that limited stocks -thanks to continuing strong global demand and
start of the devices' sale in China on October 17 \xAD may leave many aspiring
buyers disappointed.

"We've been getting inquiries since the US launch and this time, pre-orders are
beginning 10 days in advance, which is a big surprise be

cause usually pre-orders in India are limited to 3-4 days that we've seen in the
past," said Himanshu Chakravarti, CEO of The Mobile Store, India's largest
retail chain with 450 stores selling mobile phones.

The long pre-order period, some say, is aimed at cornering a chunk of buyers in
the premium segment as Diwali approaches. Recent weeks have seen a slew of
launches in the high-end segment, with Sony launching its flagship products
Xperia Z3 and Xperia Z3 Compact last week at .

`51,990 and .

`44,990, respectively. BlackBerry launched its Passport smartphone a week back
for .

`49,990 while Samsung introduced the Galaxy ALPHA smartphone for .

`39,990, and is scheduled to launch the Galaxy Note 4 before Diwali.

To push Apple sales, The Mobile Store will offer EMI scheme to buyers who use
credit cards to make the purchase, and it is also planning to accept pre-booking
of the iPhones at its retail stores for a token amount which could be as low as
a few thousand rupees, Chakravarti said.

Satish Babu, founder of Chennaibased retail chain UniverCell, said that the
demand has been "very good, irrespective of the bending issues or grey market
pricing", but added that Apple had not confirmed the number of units that will
be given to the larger retailers. The technology major may offer fewer stocks to
India since it faces far higher international demand and also since the company
will on October 17 begin selling the iPhones in China which is a much bigger
market compared to India, say sector watchers.

"Stocks will be very low," said a top executive at another large retailer on the
condition of anonymity. He added that an expected sales fore

cast would be done this week after which stock will be decided a few days before
October 17.

Despite a number of smartphone launches before Diwali, sector trackers feel
Apple is best placed to capitalise on the festive demand in the premium segment.
"They (Apple) will take a large share of the premium smartphone segment, without
doubt," said Chakravarti.

Mobile phone service providers Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications, which
had partnered with Apple during the launch of the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C last
year, will also sell the new models through their offline and online stores,
bundled with some data plans.

People aware of the plans of the telcos said that the companies were firming up
staggered payment options and financing schemes from banks for consumers who
would be lining up to buy the smartphones despite the ongoing tussle between
online and offline retailers.

"For a quarter (the iPhone) sales will jump, because of EMI schemes," said
Sanchit Vir Gogia, founder CEO at Greyhound Research.

He, however, added that sales would dwindle after a quarter or two and would not
be dramatically high, like in the US where Apple sold 10 million in the first
weekend, since the market in India will be limited to Apple users, many of who
are still not ready to move beyond the iPhone 5S.

"We spoke to about 400-450 iPhone users, did a small study and we found that
60-70% of iPhone users are not comfortable moving on. First, the iPhone 6 Plus
is too big, it bleeds into the iPad Mini. Second, many don't find anything
revolutionary different in the new devices," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       July 14, 2014 Monday 12:23 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 latest news: Release date of rumoured 'phablet' could be delayed
over production issues;
Suggestions that tech giant could make both new handsets available at the same
time look unlikely after a rumoured production delay

BYLINE: By Georgina Stubbs

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 315 words


iPhone 6 image leak

Fans of iPhone 6 are bracing themselves for a delay to the new gadget's release
date.

Apple were looking to go ahead with a single launch day, planned for both the
standard 4.7inch model and the larger 5.5inch, believed to be September 19.

But with mutterings of production issues with the bigger handset, this could to
be unlikely.

An industry insider and proven revealer of Apple's intentions, Ming-Chi Kuo, has
highlighted the issue responsible for the delays.

He said that the technology giant is already facing production snags with the
4.7inch model related to touch technology and the casing colouring of the
device.

His report said that these problems are exaggerated on the bigger model which
could push the launch of the phablet into early next year.

With gossip and speculation setting the social networking world alight - the
iPhone 6 really is the smartphone everyone has been waiting for.

Some of the features thought to be included on the new handset are a virtually
indestructible sapphire crystal display - according to a leaked video.

iPhone 6 sapphire display

Apple has used sapphire glass before in both the camera lenses and TouchID
sensors on the iPhone 5S, but if the video shows what it could do, the iPhone 6
will be the first smartphone to come to market using the mineral to make its
whole display.

It's expected that the glass - which represents a vast improvement in both
durability and thickness over the Gorilla glass in use on current models - will
eventually be used throughout Apple's iPhone, iPad and wearable devices.

There are also rumours the 5.5inch model will pack 128gb of internal storage,
more curved, stylish edges, and a smart locking system that will see the device
automatically unlock in a safe location like your home.

For all the latest Apple news on the iPhone 6 as it breaks click here.

Will Apple's iPhone 6 be the best phone out there?

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             July 9, 2013, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending July 6;
Two-sided displays, glossy and cheap, processor power

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2186 words


The extended July 4 holiday put a bit of crimp in iPhone rumoring (and delayed
this Rollup) but not before the iOSpherefigured out a way for Apple to double
the size of the iPhone screen without making the phone any bigger.

"Just" add a second screen to the back.

Also this week: glossy iPhone bodies not only signal "cheap," they look it. And
following a signed deal with a Taiwan semiconductor alternative to Samsung, the
iOSphere is already anticipating the A8 microprocessor in 2014, even though
there's still no sign of the A7.

You read it here second.  __________ "The rear surface of the iPhone and similar
devices has long been wasted space, necessary simply to complete the housing but
offering no features beyond the rear camera lens. Doubling the screen to wrap
around to the back of the iPhone 6 would open up a world of possibilities,
allowing the entire touchscreen interface to be reimagined."

            ~ Phil Moore, StableyTimes, without apparently wondering whether
millions and millions of iPhone users would embrace the reimagining of the
entire touchscreen interface when they're pretty happy with the one they have.

__________  iPhone 6 will have a curved and two-sided display The Fourth Law of
Rumoring holds that the shallower the rumor the more convoluted is its genesis.

Phil Moore, at StableyTimes.com ("a new kind of news" and how), asks the obvious
question, in a post with the misleading headline "iPhone 6 will have a curved
and two-sided display."

It's misleading because Apple doesn't file "iPhone 6" patents. It files patents
for inventions that might one day appear on a smartphone ... or on a tablet, or
a laptop. But none of the patent filings that the iOSphere has actually covered
has been for a specific model iPhone.

The Obvious Question is: "If you're Apple and you've already delivered an iPhone
whose screen is as dense as the human eye can see, how do you top it?"

And Moore has an answer. "By delivering an iPhone 6 whose screen wraps around to
both sides of the device, if a patent application for a flexible display is to
be believed," he writes. "The filing calls for a curved body style most similar
to the mid generation iPod nano, where the entire front and rear faces are
contoured to meet each other at the edges, with no siding. The result is a
screen that's twice as large, and a world of possibilities."

A "world of possibilities." That means you can make up almost anything. Because,
you know, almost anything is possible.

One would think that Moore, or someone at StableyTimes would put in a link to
the relevant patent or at least to some other website that covered the patent.
But one would be wrong.

The phrase "if a patent application is to be believed" is odd to say the least.
Does Moore think Apple creates a dummy U.S.

government patent application? Or submits a real application for a fake
invention?

Since at least last fall, there have been multiple Apple patent applications for
a variety of screen technologies: flexible, curved, pressable, stressable...it's
a wonder Apple doesn't synthesize them into a display with the properties of
natural rubber: a large stretch ratio, high resilience, and extremely
waterproof.

There is for example, TheUnwiredView's September 2012 posting on an Apple patent
application for flexible screens combined with "an array of piezoelectric
actuators below the display and activating them on demand for tactile feedback.
This way you have a perfectly smooth surface when you browse the net or read
your e-mail. Call up a keyboard, actuators pop up and now you can feel the
letters as you type."

Others: + March 28, 2013 PatentlyApple post, "Stunning Future iPhone with
Wraparound Display Revealed." Complete with a drawing of the stunning device
itself.

+ May 21, 2013 post at the same website, regarding a "Double-Sided Touch Panel
for iPhone." And nine days later, PatentlyApple posts about "Apple reveals new
Flex Screen Feature with Force Detection."

+ In March 2013, there was even news of a Microsoft patent application for a
"two-sided smartphone display system."

Moore never says from which source this latest rumor springs. And he doesn't
spend a lot of time contemplating the Endless Possibilities. He concentrates on
just one.

"The rear surface of the iPhone and similar devices has long been wasted space,
necessary simply to complete the housing but offering no features beyond the
rear camera lens," he observes. "Doubling the screen to wrap around to the back
of the iPhone 6 would open up a world of possibilities, allowing the entire
touchscreen interface to be reimagined."

Is a World of Possibilities the same or less than Endless Possibilities?
Whichever, it's a still a pretty short post overall given that the Possibilities
are, you know, a lot.

Moore does make one interesting point from a user interface perspective, and
it's the only point worth any attention. "The question would become, of course,
whether consumers would be inclined to flip the device back and forth in their
hand to take advantage of both sides of the screen," he writes. "But it would
allow for full screen video to play on one side of the device, for instance,
while text messages and notifications arrive on the other side. Simply pausing
the video and flipping the iPhone 6 over could be seen as more intuitive than
having to exit the video or work over top of it to interact with notifications
and messages in the current single-screen motif."

Try it with whatever smartphone you're carrying right now, and he's right: even
just pretending to watch a video in landscape mode, one can easily flip the
phone over to "see" a back display, showing an email or call. But Moore makes it
sound easier than, in all likelihood, it would prove to be: it would involve a
massive hardware redesign and probably some significant UI redesign as well. And
the hardware, and more specifically the display technology, would have to be
implemented in just as massively redesigned large-scale manufacturing systems
for Apple's contract suppliers and iPhone assemblers.

Moore, quite sensibly, notes the potential battery and heat impact of running
not one but two displays. Yet he doesn't ask how or even whether that problem
could be met with current battery technology. And he doesn't ask whether both
screens would be high-res Retina displays or whether the back one would be a
much lower resolution devoted to receiving and processing notifications and
alerts.

The 2013 or 2014 iPhones may have big changes. It just seems unlikely that
either year will be the Year of Seeing Double.

iPhone 5S or something will have glossy colors and be cheap French-language
website NowhereElse.com received photos that show just how glossy and bright one
can make a polycarbonate iPhone.

The website published photos showing, apparently, plastic-bodied iPhones in at
least five colors: a peachy-toned red, a yellowish peasoup green, a
dirty-looking white, bright blue and industrial-safety green. The photo has been
widely interpreted as showing the long-rumored "cheap iPhone."

The post by editor Steve Hemmerstoffer, via Google Translate, credits "our
little Chinese weasel" as the source, a translation which unintentionally
captures something of the essence of iPhone rumoring.

Perhaps Google actually meant "mole."

In any case, the little Chinese weasel provided a photo that shows phone "shells
allegedly designed for plastic iPhone...in many colors," Hemmerstoffer writes.
"Without giving us the formal proof that these shells are indeed intended to
equip the hypothetical low-cost iPhone, this new snapshot confirms that these
elements are now circulating in the number next to China."

But at almost the same time, Barron's Tiernan Ray blogged on an analysis by
stock analyst Steve Milunovich, of UBS, that questions whether the case for a
cheap iPhone is as obvious as many insist.

"If the high end [of the smartphone market] is slowing, the obvious answer is to
head to lower price points," Milunovich wrote.

"Although analysts are anxious for Apple to broaden the iPhone line, we think
the company has to be careful. Its brand cannot afford significant quality
dilution-- short-term gain could result in long-term pain. Management is very
aware of the risk as reflected by Tim Cook's comment that Apple is about making
the best products rather than the most."

He argues that the "right way" for Apple to dive to the bottom is "to set up a
separate brand and perhaps even a wholly- owned subsidiary."

And then he adds: "But we don't expect Apple to veer from its current strategy."
[Emphasis added] "The expected 'low-end' iPhone probably won't be priced below
$350-400," he explains. "Even at that level the gross margin could be near 30%
and become an example of the company's occasional willingness to accept lower
margins to penetrate a market, as CFO Peter Oppenheimer said recently. In Figure
9 we suggest that the $300-500 price range only will be 10% of the market in
2014. That still means millions of incremental buyers in emerging markets but
will not radically change Apple's market share."

Back to the weasel-supplied photos. Left unanswered, assuming these shells are
real, is what, exactly, they are: final products, prototypes at some stage in
the development process, or even mockups or test shells for one or another
future iPhone model?

Can these be taken as "proof" of the existence of plastic-bodied 2013 iPhone?

Hemmerstoffer seems to think the picture is part of a pattern that leads one to
answer "yes" but he does raise a caution.

"The shadow of a vulgar Chinese copy nevertheless still looms again over this
mysterious colorful iPhone," he writes.

When will the weasels learn to create elegant Chinese copies?

iPhone 6 will have Apple's A8 processor, made by TSMC According to Softpedia's
Filip Truta, Apple plans to launch iPhone 6 in 2014 with an A8 processor that
will be manufactured by TSMC instead of the long-time iPhone chip supplier
Samsung.

Truta bases his post, headlined "Apple Signs with TSMC for iPhone 6 'A8' Chip
Production and Beyond," on a recent story in The Wall Street Journal. And not
only that, Truta also claims that Apple will release the iPhone 5S with the
as-yet-unannounced A7 chip "with enhanced capabilities."

"The A7 will be the last A-series chip made by Samsung, or so it is being
suggested by a Wall Street Journal report which takes a close look at the Korean
company's failing marriage with Apple," Truta explains helpfully.

The only problem is that, though the July 1 Journal article in question did
indeed take a close look at Apple's relationship with Samsung it didn't say
anything about the iPhone 5S or the iPhone 6. And in fact, the article
explicitly says "Despite the deal [with TSMC], Samsung will remain the primary
supplier through next year [2014], one of these executives said."

The thrust of the article is that Apple has finally signed a deal, after about
three years of talks, with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) to
manufacture at least some of the Apple-designed A series processors, starting in
2014. Samsung has been the sole foundry for the chips since the advent of both
the iPhone and iPad. According to the Journal, "The process had been beset by
glitches preventing the [TSMC] chips from meeting Apple's speed and power
standards, TSMC officials said."

It is widely believed that the smartphone patent battles between Apple and
Samsung, and the growing success of Samsung's Galaxy S smartphone line has
soured the relationship and caused Apple to find alternative suppliers. But
there's no evidence cited to show that Apple has any real complaints about
Samsung's manufacturing, pricing, or delivery of key mobile components, which
come from business units entirely separate from the Korean company's smartphone
unit.

By contrast, there's a powerful incentive for Samsung to keep Apple happy as a
supplier, according to the Journal. "Apple's component orders from Samsung were
set to hit around $10 billion last year, says Mark Newman, an analyst at Sanford
Bernstein in Hong Kong. That represents a significant chunk of the 67.89
trillion won ($59.13 billion) Samsung posted in sales from its component
business, which includes chips and displays. The Apple processor, where Samsung
is currently the sole supplier, accounted for $5 billion of purchases in 2012,
he estimates."

TSMC's first chips for Apple, according to the Journal, will be on its advanced
20-nanometer silicon process, which promises greater performance, potentially
smaller physical size, and more efficient power use compared to the current
generation of A series processors, which variously use 32- and 45-nanometer.

If TSMC can bring the 20nm process up to large-scale volumes in the first half
of 2014, it might be possible to introduce those chips into mobile products
announced in the second half of that year. On the other hand, 32- and
28-nanometer variants of the A6 and the still unknown A7 might provide all the
processing power Apple needs through next year.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network World."
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           February 19, 2013, Tuesday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Feb. 15;
The 'delay' of the iHumungous phone, and other credulities

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1130 words


The depth of winter seemed to have a chilling effect on iOSphere rumoring. Most
of the mongering activity focused onthe shocking "news" that the 4.8-inch
iHumongous phone has been "delayed" until mid-2014.

Both the news and its shock value raced through the iOSphere even though the
stock analyst's Note to Investors, which triggered them, merely analyzed
possible manufacturing challenges that might affect the unannounced and perhaps
nonexistent phone's price or schedule.

And photos that claimed to give us a detailed look at "sweet, sweet innards" of
the "iPhone 5S" turned out to be much less than met the eye. Kind of like a
metaphor for iPhone rumors.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ Stock analyst Peter Misek, who just weeks ago helped fuel
speculation about a roughly 5-inch screen iPhone 6, poured icy water on the
iOSphere's fervid hopes in a new Note to Investors. The NTI has been widely and
wildly interpreted as saying that the iPhone-that-Apple-hasn't-announced has
been "delayed."

[ QUICK REVIEW: Xentris Wireless iPhone 5 case ] MacRumors picked up on Misek's
new speculation in a post headlined "Apple's 4.8-Inch iPhone 6 Reportedly Not
Launching Until Mid-2014."  MacRumors' Eric Slivka quoted from Misek's most
recent NTI, wherein the analyst says that he sees "three possible bottlenecks
for the iPhone that could contribute to lower yields (and hence higher costs)
and/or a delayed launch."

But this introductory statement is already different from the MacRumors
headline. Based on that quote, Misek is simply saying that there are "possible"
problems that could affect iPhone 6 costs, the phone's release schedule, or
both.

First, there is a potential shift from a 32-nanometer process to a 20-nanometer
for Apple's A series CPU. From what we can understand about silicon, this is a
pretty big jump, essentially skipping the 28 nm process. Misek thinks Apple is
"likely" to make the jump "to facilitate adding more cores (4 or even 8)."

Second is Apple's possible decision to switch from in-cell LCD displays for
iPhone 5 to on-cell OLED or IGZO for future iPhones, which has been a rumor for
months. "We think in-cell is having difficulty ramping to 4.8", which is making
Apple look at switching to on-cell (a different integrated touchscreen
technology) and OLED (despite Apple's suppliers being well behind Samsung in
their OLED capabilities) or IGZO," according to Misek, without apparently
explaining what the manufacturing problems actually are.

Thirdly, again without explanation, Misek says, "We think Apple plans to
re-architect iOS to utilize more cores and better compete with Samsung." He also
"believes" there will be substantial changes in the way iOS "interoperates with
iCloud, gestures controls, and advertising ..."

According to MacRumors, Misek expects the iPhone 5S and a lower-cost iPhone to
be released in mid-2013.

Slivka adds almost nothing to the Misek excerpts, letting them stand in effect
on their own.

Others, such as Ubergizmo's Tyler Lee, weren't so reticent. Lee interprets the
MacRumors account of Misek's speculation as meaning that "the iPhone 6 with a
4.8" display will only see a release in 2014, suggesting that it would miss its
supposed 2013 schedule due to possible production problems with regards to its
display."

The interpretation by Business Insider's Jay Yarow was even more original.
"Apple wanted to release a 4.8-inch iPhone 6 this year, but it ran into
manufacturing problems, says Jefferies analyst Peter Misek," Yarow declared.

But as quoted by MacRumors, Misek didn't say anything like what Tyler and Yarow
claim he says. Misek in December 2012 claimed there were 4.8-inch iPhone
prototypes being evaluated. Yet even if that's true, the existence of the
prototypes doesn't translate into a "schedule" or even a "wanting" to release
such a phone in 2013.

There's not a lot of substantive reporting in terms of understanding Apple's
display options, with many of the rumors based on anonymous industry, or Asian
supply chain, sources, and on each other. The Rollup attempted a brief summary
of some display issues in the "iPad 5 rumor rollup for the week ending Feb. 6,"
specifically the section "iPad 5 will have GF2 DITO OMG IMHO screen structure."

The "low yields" refrain is now so widespread and reflexive that it's difficult
to tell whether it's a real problem for any Apple displays or it has achieved
the status of Internet Urban Legend.

On July 31, 2012, AppleInsider was one of many websites that warned, based on a
story in DigiTimes, that "Low yield rates for in-cell touchscreens may affect
Apple's next iPhone," that is, the iPhone 5. Yet barely 60 days later,
AppleInsider was more upbeat, based on a Note to Investors by Sterne Agee's Shaw
Wu, claiming that "yield rates for Apple's iPhone 5 in-cell touch panels [are]
improving."

Photos that purport to show the Next iPhone, which could be iPhone 5S or iPhone
6 depending on your preference, were posted at this Chinese website two weeks
ago, and last week began appearing on some blogs and tech sites.

"Leaked iPhone 5S Images Show Off Identical Look To iPhone 5," was the bold
headline over an Ubergizmo post by Daniel Perez.

"[W]e're seeing another photo possibly leaking the iPhone 5S' sweet, sweet
innards coming from Chinese website Zol.com.cn," he gushed.

Now, he did admit in a masterful understatement that "it's hard to confirm the
legitimacy of each rumor." And then fell back on that tried and true iOSphere
confirmation criterion: Why would anyone lie?

"But at this point, we'd have to wonder why anyone would leak images of anything
that wasn't the next iPhone ..."

We couldn't have said it better.

Unfortunately for the credulous Mr. Perez, MacRumors' Slivka actually studied
the photos and concluded they show that "the device is clearly an iPhone 5
clone," in other words, a ripoff, a counterfeit.

"The photos show a device with an outward appearance very similar to the iPhone
5, but the internals show essentially no resemblance to an Apple-designed
device," Slivka wrote.

Here are "examples of just a few of the inconsistencies," Slivka wrote:

* A battery capacity of just 1130 mAh compared to 1440 mAh for the iPhone 5; *
An apparent SD card slot; * Loose red and black wires connecting components; * A
green PCB for the connector bearing no resemblance to Apple's Lightning
connector.But wait. There's Another Possibility.

What if Slivka is too quick in his dismissal? What if instead of a clone, this
is actually a prototype? What if it's a prototype of the iCheapo phone? Using,
you know, cheaper stuff, smaller battery, and all that?

You need to rumor creatively. Maybe this rumor will have legs after all.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

A quick look at iPhone 6

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 149 words


What: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones     Likes: Big new screens; thin,
lightweight designs; longer battery life, particularly on the 6 Plus;
split-screen viewing in iPhone 6 Plus; much faster autofocus in camera; faster
processors and wireless radios.     Dislikes: iPhone 6 Plus is too big to hold
easily and comfortably in one average-sized hand; one key new feature - Apple
Pay - won't work until next month; entry level models have too little storage
space.     Specs: 64-bit dual-core processors; 4.7-inch, 1334 x 750 pixel screen
(on the iPhone 6); 5.5-inch, 1920 x 1080 pixel screen on (on the 6 Plus);
1.2-megapixel front and 8-megapixel rear cameras.     Price: For iPhone 6 with a
two-year contract: $200, for 16-gigabyte, $300 for 64-gigabyte and $400 for
128-gigabyte models. For iPhone 6 Plus, $300 for 16-gigabyte, $400 for
64-gigabyte and $500 for 128-gigabyte models.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            December 7, 2012, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for week ending Dec. 7;
Leaks, screws, parsing press releases, NFC, unwired charging

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1818 words


iOSphere rumors make it Christmas every day: They are the gift that keeps on
giving, no matter what time of year. This week, more "leaked photos" showing the
outside case of the iPhone 6, or perhaps the 5S, and revealing within (trumpet
fanfare, please!) fewer screws.

Also: how the iOSphere parses a press release and uncovers the hidden fact that
T-Mobile USA will offer iPhone 6 in 2013; NFC longings; and the magic of
no-contact-needed wireless charging.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ Two "leaked" photos, "which were found on the Web" and
purportedly show the housing of the Next iPhone, were posted by ETrade Supply, a
Hong Kong-based repair parts supplier.

There's already widespread acceptance that the seventh-generation Next iPhone
will not be "iPhone 6" but "iPhone 5S." Because of Apple's "traditional" naming
convention: 3G, 3GS, 4, 4S. That would be the four-year tradition.

"Found on the Web" is without doubt the "Best Worst Source for an iOSphere Rumor
in December." Ours not to reason why. Ours but to post and rumorize. The
pictures were apparently first posted in a site called iPhone5parts.net,
described as an online forum for Apple fans.

The photos reveal a phone that looks eerily like -- or as ETrade says "very
similar to" - the iPhone 5.

"From the background, it seems that the pictures were taken at the assembly line
of an operation stage," ETrade says, with the confidence common to iOSphere
rumors. The confidence seems misplaced: The background is a featureless green
surface. You can't even tell if it's a wall or a floor or a desk. And what the
heck does "operation stage" actually mean?

However. "However, the reason why we say it is a suspected iPhone 5s rear
housing is that the specific information below the logo, which are replaced by
'X'. Usually, the parts with 'X' stand for test prototype."

X marks the prototype. What could be simpler?

ETrade nevertheless is able to winkle out changes. "First, the 'iPhone 5s' has
two less screw holes on the left side which are used to fasten the LCD."
Doubtless another example of Apple's genius in reducing the bill of materials
cost for its product.

"Second, the position of 3 screw holes used to fasten the logic board has been
removed (not sure whether caused by the change of logic board)." It's not clear
if ETrade thinks the screws are evidence of "a" change in the logic board or
that the entire logic board has been changed.

Once it had given the customary "take all this with Andre-the-Giant-sized
pinches of salt," Macworld UK's David Price threw salt to the wind and got down
to brass tacks.  These changes "may suggest cosmetic or superficial changes from
iPhone 5 to iPhone 6 (sorry, 'iPhone 5S'), or they may suggest fundamental
modifications to the internal componentry and screen."

One or the other. For sure.

International Business Times' Louis Bedigan reports this rumor based on the
announcement by Deutsche Telekom that its subsidiary, T-Mobile USA, and Apple
signed a deal "to bring products to market together in 2013."

The announcement didn't mention "iPhone 6." In fact, it didn't mention any
specific product; just, you know, "products." But if you know how to interpret
what's not being said by reading between the lines, you can see what others
can't.

"No other details were announced, but tech bloggers are already speculating on
what this could mean for Apple and its product lineup in 2013," Bedigan wrote,
gracefully passing over his own modest contribution to tech speculation. "CNET
warns that the deal may not relate to the iPhone at all and could simply involve
the iPad."

Be warned, T-Mobile subscribers: You simply might get only the iPad.

"Right now the rumor mill insists that Apple will prematurely upgrade the iPhone
5 ... with a new model this winter [2013]," Bedigan writes.

"Prematurely upgrade" sounds rather like "prematurely gray" -- something you
don't want to happen until later; much later, in fact. Bedigan probably means
that the Next iPhone will be "occurring, growing, or existing before the
customary, correct, or assigned time."

Because history, all five years of it with six models, clearly shows what is
customary for the iPhone: They're announced in June or July. Except for the
first iPhone, which was announced in January. And the last two, which were
announced in September or October. So whenever they announce the next one, it's
guaranteed to be premature.

"If Apple wanted to bring the iPhone to T-Mobile in the near future, an upgrade
would be necessary," Bedigan declares. "While it could simply convert the
existing model (as it did with the iPhone 4 when it came to Verizon), Apple will
get more attention -- and likely sell more units -- if it provides T-Mobile with
an enhanced model."

So even though Apple just "simply converted" iPhone 4 to run on Verizon's
network, and sold millions and millions of them, it's somehow necessary for
Apple to "upgrade" or "enhance" the iPhone to sell it on T-Mobile's network.

One suspects that most T-Mobile customers who are interested in the iPhone would
be happy to have even an "un-enhanced" iPhone 5, especially if it supports
HSPA+42.

"Of course, Apple cannot simply enhance the iPhone for one carrier; it must
provide the new version to every carrier," Bedigan writes. "This might be the
real source of the iPhone 5S rumors."

The real source of the iPhone 5S rumors is everyone with access to a website, a
keyboard, and a Deutsche Telekom press release that fails to mention the word "
iPhone."

You can't trust Apple. Let's get that out there right up front.

"Apple is known to backtrack on its plans, or even to distort reality simply to
shift attention away from its actual plans," writes Filip Truta at
Softpedia.com. "The iPad mini is a good example of that."

And how. Remember the late Steve Jobs saying 9.7 inches was the perfect size for
a tablet screen? And now they have one with a 7.9-inch screen?

Ditto for near-field communication, a short-range wireless technology touted
endlessly for years as enabling the Magic of Contactless Purchases and the
Digital Wallet: Just wave your NFC smartphone and buy, buy, buy!

So when Apple marketing supremo Phil Schiller tells the world in September 2012
that "It's not clear that NFC is the solution to any current problem. Passbook
does the kinds of things customers need today," you know he's either
backtracking or distorting reality or even telling the truth. One of them, for
sure.

But Truta says wireless chipmaker Qualcomm will change all that. That's because
Qualcomm "just announced a new Near Field Communication (NFC) chip that makes
perfect sense for the next-generation iPhone 6, or even the rumored iPhone 5S."

And if Schiller and his boss Tim Cook don't know that, they can just ask Truta.
Or read the Qualcomm press release.

"Qualcomm confirmed that its QCA1990 SoC (system on a chip) is the industry's
smallest, ultra-low power NFC package 'with an overall footprint that is 50
percent smaller than current NFC chips available in the market,' said the press
release," notes Truta, making it sound as if he had personally hounded a hapless
Qualcomm exec, ambushed him, backed him into a corner, hammered him with
questions until, broken and sobbing, this wretch confessed that "Yes, YES!!! It
has an overall footprint that is 50%smaller than current NFC chips!" instead of
just quoting from the company's press release.

"Apple is widely believed to release an incremental iPhone 5S this summer,
staying in line with tradition (iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4S)," Bedigan writes.
Tradition: It's how we keep our balance.  The incremental, premature, virtually
identical iPhone 5S. With NFC. And a few missing screws.

A recently published patent application shows Apple is looking at wireless
charging for its mobile devices. And you know what that means: iPhone 6 will
have wireless charging.

But it's not just any wireless charging, like Nokia uses for some of its Lumia
smartphones. In the Nokia system, you have to physically put your phone on top
of the charging pad, so they're actually touching.

With Apple's system, they won't have to touch. Your iPhone 6 can charge even if
it's three (3!) feet away.

"That's right - no contact required," writes TechRadar's Clint Demeritt, who
noticed the published application and linked to it.  The awesomeness lies in
using "near field magnetic resonance (NFMR)." Demeritt doesn't spend much time
explaining what this actually is. Basically, NFMR creates a low-density magnetic
field between two coils, one a power source and the other a power capture
device. They oscillate ("resonate") at the same frequency, transferring the
energy. One example of resonance is the energy transferred by a singer's voice
to a glass: the glass picks up the energy, oscillates at the same frequency and
eventually shatters.

A key development in this area is the work by MIT's Dr. Marin Soljacic, who was
able to separate the two coils over much longer distances than anyone had
thought possible. Soljacic's breakthrough, dubbed "highly resonant magnetic
coupling," is being commercialized by Massachusetts-based WiTricity. More
details of this approach, and examples of how it can be widely applied, are in
our January 2010 interview with company CEO Eric Giler. The company is releasing
a technology demonstration kit designed for engineers.  "Being able to charge
devices from a meter away is a notable advancement and may help proliferate the
technology," Demeritt writes. "At the very least it means devices won't have to
crowd around and touch a physical object to charge."

That crowding thing. What a drag. Very notable to be able to set your iPhone 6
down three feet from the charger. Think how our Digital Life will change.

And the patent application also is a morale booster. "The patent should give
hope to those who were disappointed by the iPhone 5," Demeritt writes. "Wireless
charging was on the wish list of many Apple fans during the media hype lead-up
of the latest iPhone." The Disappointed: their name is legion.

Demeritt says "the patent is meant to tackle the 'unwieldy' configuration of the
many wired chargers and power sources needed for multiple wireless devices. If
Apple can cut through that clutter it would make charging iPhones, iPads and
iPods together a lot simpler."

Not just simpler, a lot simpler. A lot simpler than this, which is taken from
Apple's support document on charging the iPhone:  "To charge the battery, choose
one of the options below: "For the quickest charge, connect the device to a
power outlet using the USB cable that came with the device and an Apple USB
power adapter.

"Connect the device directly to a USB port on your computer (not an external
keyboard) using the USB cable that came with the device ...

"Connect the device to an externally-powered USB hub."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                              June 20, 2016 Monday

Apple's appeal in iPhone case accepted by IP court

BYLINE: Xu Wei

LENGTH: 464  words


A Beijing ourt has accepted an appeal by Apple to review a ruling by Beijing's
patent office ordering the company to halt the sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Court has accepted an appeal by Apple to
review a ruling by the capital's patent office ordering the company to halt the
sales of its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing after finding the design too
closely resembles a Chinese phone.

The Beijing Intellectual Property Office said in a statement on its website that
it ordered Apple and a reseller of its products in Beijing, Beijing Zoomflight
Communication Equipment Co, to stop selling the two iPhone models after it found
they infringed upon the rights of a Shenzhen-based company.

A spokesman for the court said it had accepted Apple's appeal to review the
ruling, but it has not set a time for the hearing.

An Apple spokesman told AFP that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, as well as
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE models are "all available for sale today
in China".

"We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal in Beijing
last month, and as a result the order has been stayed pending review by the
Beijing IP Court," the Apple spokesman said.

The complaint against Apple was filed by Shenzhen Baili Marketing Service Co, a
small Chinese brand that designed a cellphone model called the 100C.

Despite a number of differences between the 100C and the iPhone 6, "the
differences are too tiny to be noticeable by average consumers, and thus it
should be deemed that there is no apparent difference between the two phone
models", according to a verdict by the Beijing patent tribunal.

The tribunal made its ruling in May, and it was reported by Chinese media
recently.

The IP dispute is the latest faced by Apple over the design of its products in
China, its second-largest market after the Americas.

The company lost a four-year fight against a Beijing leather products maker in
May after the Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in favor of Xintong
Tiandi Technology, which sells a number of leather products such as smartphone
cases and handbags under the name "iphone".

In 2012, Apple paid $60 million to a Shenzhen-based maker of computer screens
and LED lights to settle a dispute over the iPad trademark on the Chinese
mainland.

The company, Proview Technology, claimed that the Taipei subsidiary of its Hong
Kong-based parent registered the iPad trademark in a number of countries and
regions in 2000. Even though the iPad trademark was purchased by Apple from
Proview Taipei in 2009, Proview Shenzhen said it reserved the right to use the
trademark it registered on the Chinese mainland in 2001.

Cao Yin contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             March 1, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor round up for the week ending March 1;
The telepathic iPhone, fan art fantasies, roaming LTE

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1434 words


The iOSphere raised the word "intuitive" to new heights for the iPhone 6,
seizing on an Apple patent that would introducemind-reading to the mobile
experience.

The iPhone will use sensor data to figure out what you want to do and then do it
for you. All that's missing now is a quad-core morality processor to ensure that
iPhone 6 does what's truly right for us.

[RELATED: 11 fun facts about Apple] [NEWS: What is so infinitely cool about
Mars?] Also this week: fan art fantasies and the prospect of a global LTE iPhone
roaming hither and yon, and free, free, free at last!

You read it here second.

__________ "It just looks weird to me, like being born with a navel under your
armpit."


~John Brownlee, Cult of Mac, commenting perhaps too vividly on iPhone 6 fan art,
the equivalent of visual rumors, that moved the home button from the front to
the side of the iPhone.

__________ iPhone 6 will read your mind A new U.S. patent application by Apple
reveals a system that gathers up sensor data on stuff like light and noise
levels, temperature, pressure, movements, location, and probably the phases of
the moon, hands it to the special "situational awareness module" for some
algorithmic magic, and makes a sophisticated guess about what you want to do
next you're your iPhone.

Then, instead of you having to press a button or an icon, swipe a setting,
select from a drop-down list, and so on, iOS will have already done all that for
you. This is what the patent and lots of bloggers and tech sites refer to as a
"heightened user experience."

The idea is that the invention could predict "a user's operational desires," and
then take action without the user having to do anything.

An IDG News Service story noted that the invention goes hand in glove with a
mobile device's "hold switch," which ensures that "no accidental input takes
place while [the device is] in a bag or pocket, for example. "Apple's invention
could include an automatic hold feature that would switch between the input and
hold modes based on the sensor output. For example, if the ambient light level
surrounding the device is low, it's likely that the user has placed it in a
pocket or bag, and therefore the auto hold feature would be activated."

At International Business Times, Kristin Dian Mariano quickly included the new
invention in a story that otherwise recycled tried and true predictions that
have been around for years in some cases. The situational awareness patent is
one of the "Top 5 iPhone 6, 5S Features Confirmed by Apple's Patents."

Not implied, hinted, suggested, intimated or insinuated. Confirmed. Her other
"top features" include no-blur photos, fingerprint sensor, laser projected
keyboard, and "non-touch" wireless charging.

The full patent application, published by the US Patent and Trademark Office
this week, is officially titled "Electronic device with automatic mode
switching."

But that sounded pretty boring to the iOSsphere.

IPhone Canada's headline proclaimed the "intuitive iPhone," which sounds much
better than the story's actual description of a "situational awareness handset."
Apple Insider described future iPhones that would "anticipate user needs." The
Android Guy blog sees it as "the patent to create thinking phones."  But
Slate.com got it exactly right, with a video titled "An iPhone That Tries To
Read Your Mind", noting that some people think our phones already know too much
about us "but Apple has even nosier plans for the future."

You've been warned.

iPhone 6 and companion phones revealed in fan art But that makes it sound
juvenile. To give it the appropriate degree of gravitas, we need to use "concept
art" or "rendering."

First up is homage by the Russian site AppleInsider.ru, which has a slick
YouTube video, complete with a hammering guitar score, on what the iPhone 6, as
well as the "iPhone mini" (or iCheapo) and apparently a third iPhone, will look
like if Apple's designers telepathically absorb the concepts in the concept art
and apply them to the Next iPhone.

You can find the video here.  Cam Bunton, at Today's Iphone, knows that this is
a "just" a mock-up but he can't seem to stop talking about it as if it were
real.

"Unlike any other iPhone to have existed, it also features stereo speakers on
the back, covered by individually machined holes in the glass panel. Although a
different shape to the 5, it does look incredibly similar with its two-tone
aluminum and glass design...Somehow, despite having a larger display, the
chassis is shorter, thinner and narrower than the iPhone 5."

He regains his sense of proportion by the end of his post. "In all seriousness,
I do hope none of the site's readers go along with their claim that this is the
iPhone 6. And instead - like us - digest it as what it really is: a concept,
mocked up quite well."

This is probably a forlorn hope.

Secondly, we have the "bizarre but beautiful" (as Cult of Mac described them)
art by Peter Zigich, whose design includes moving the home button to the side,
making models wider and longer, with a displays that look like multi-colored
cobblestoned courtyards.  Cult of Mac's John Brownlee was underwhelmed. "It just
looks weird to me, like being born with a navel under your armpit," he writes.

That's an image that will stick in your mind for the rest of your life.

iPhone 6 will be able to call on any LTE network anywhere in the world Qualcomm
this week announced a new package of chips - the RF360 Front End Solution - that
sits "in front of" its multi-mode, multi-band LTE modems to handle a variety of
tasks for any LTE, 3G/2G network. Apple uses Qualcomm's 28-nanometer MDM9615 LTE
baseband chip for the iPhone 5. So iOSphere bloggers and tech sites were quick
to conclude this means that 1) new iPhones being released in 2013 will
incorporate the RF360 and 2) the phones will be able to work on any LTE network
around the world.

This Qualcomm infographic about the RF360 shows its components and its
relationship to the Qualcomm modem (or Snapdragon processor with paired modem).

The components include the antenna matching tuner, envelope power tracker and
power amplifier and antenna switch (Qualcomm also made improvements to these,
such as reducing power demand and head, and improving signal quality). LTE
networks use different frequencies and there's no common or global band that
allows an LTE phone designed for a given band to be used in different regions.
Handset makers have to incorporate different front-end components for the same
phone to be used on different LTE bands. If you have an iPhone 5, you have one
of three models, with different RF components depending on your carrier's LTE
(and GSM and WCDMA) frequency bands.

Qualcomm is now offering a single set of front-end and customizable components
to handle most of these different frequencies.

The RF360 will start to appear in new phones in the latter half of 2013.

"Because it is a new technology and will no doubt be pricier than existing
solutions, it is probably initially going to be in high-end phones only. iPhone
5S anybody?" was the summary by Pocket-Lint's Rik Henderson. If the integrated
package reduces the bill of materials for phonemakers, and simplifies
manufacturing, the RF360 may actually be cheaper for the phone makers.

A thread at the AppleInsider forums proclaimed "New Qualcomm LTE chipset could
bring truly global iPhone with support for China Mobile."

It's a bit more complicated than that, as GigaOM's Kevin Fitchard noted in his
assessment of the Qualcomm announcement. The new Qualcomm technology brings us
"one step closer to a global 4G phone" (not just a global iPhone).

"This technology will be a key element in creating the future universal LTE
phone, but -- before you get too excited -- it's not the only necessary
element," Fitchard writes. "Other components in the RF chain such as the antenna
will need to catch up before a device could feasibly work on every LTE network
in the world. Smart antenna makers like SkyCross and Ethertronics have designed
antennas that can support a dozen bands or so, but they're not quite ready for
40."

"But Qualcomm EVP and co-president of mobile and computing technologies Murthy
Renduchintala said that the RF360 would allow device makers to make far fewer
variants of their phones," Fitchard writes. "In order to cover all of the
world's LTE networks, a vendor is faced with the prospect of designing as many
as 10 different devices. The capabilities of RF360 could cut that number down to
as few as three, he said."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 4:10 PM GMT

iPhone quiz: Reckon you're a gadget guru? Test your knowledge of all things
iPhone;
Have you been queuing up in the hope of getting your mitts on an iPhone 6 or
iPhone 6 Plus? Then try our tricky quiz while you wait in-line for your
freshly-picked Apple gadget

BYLINE: By Chris Glynn-Jones

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 98 words


What's better than a shiny new gadget - especially on a Friday?

Maybe you're still outside one of the many UK stores selling the latest Apple
mobile phones today and we've thrown together a deceptively tricky quiz that
will test your knowledge of all things iPhone, the most recent of which, the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus were launched on September 9.

iPhone - test your knowledge of Apple's iconic mobile phone with our quiz


Fans queue for the new Apple iPhone

Fans queue for the new Apple iPhone

Police catch burglar within 30 minutes thanks to iPhone appWalesOnline app plug

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            July 22, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Shares sink despite strong iPhone sales;
Doubt continues to mount about future of Apple Watch

BYLINE: Jon Swartz, @jswartz, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 379 words


iPhone sales may be up, but Apple stock is decidedly down after it reported
fiscal third-quarter results that included a tepid financial outlook.

Sales of the phone, especially the 6 and 6-Plus models, propelled another
blowout quarter for Apple, allowing it to post a 33% jump in revenue, to
$49.6billion, and profits ($1.85 per share) that surpassed analyst estimates by
4 cents.

But the quarterly forecast contained a sales view that didn't wow investors.
Shares dove more than 6% in after-hours trading, to $122.11 per share. Apple
reported after the markets closed. Apple expects revenue of $49billion to $51
billion in its current quarter, shy of the $51.1billion expected by analysts
polled by Thomson Financial.

"To a degree, there are unrealistic expectations from the outside," Gartner
analyst Van Baker says. "It is increasingly difficult for Apple to surprise,"
which could lead to similar problems for the company in coming quarters, Baker
says.

iPhone led the way, again, with shipments of 47.5 million units -- some analysts
had projected 48 million to 50million.

While there is little doubt about the strength of iPhone, the mystery remains
over Apple Watch. Again, Apple  did not disclose shipments of Apple Watch,
raising a red flag among some analysts that the device is not selling as well as
Apple hoped. Analyst Toni Sacconaghi Jr., like others, estimates Apple shipped 3
million watches.

The quarter underscored dueling narratives: The astonishing strength of iPhone 6
and 6-Plus sales and mounting doubt over the long-term sales cred of Apple
Watch. This has led some industry experts to ponder if Apple is becoming a
one-trick pony for products. iPhone has loomed large over the Cupertino,
Calif.-based company: 70% of Apple's sales last quarter came from the device,
and that is likely to continue as iPhone users upgrade to the 6 and 6-Plus
models.

There also appears to be a healthy number of "switchers" from other platforms to
iPhone, as well as vibrant sales in China and other growing markets.

The larger-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have cut into iPad sales while many
consumers have shied away from Apple Watch since it largely duplicates the
functions of the iPhone. Sales of iPads fell for a fourth consecutive quarter,
down 18% to 10.9 million.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo DALE DE LA REY, AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

New Products: Belkin Road Rockstar, Razer Tartarus Chroma and more

SECTION: DIGITAL

LENGTH: 538 words


Belkin Road Rockstar CAR TECH

$79

If you are planning to go on a long road trip overseas, you may want to take
along Belkin's new Road Rockstar. It is a four-port passenger car charger with
two USB 2.4amp ports at the cigarette lighter connector with an extendable hub
that provides two more USB 2.4amp ports.

The hub is connected to the cigarette lighter connector via a 1.8m cable and
comes with a clip, so it can be slotted easily into a car's backseat pocket for
passengers in the back to charge their devices.

Epson EH-LS10000 Home Theatre Projector PROJECTOR

$10,999, available exclusively at KEC Sound System

Equipped with the world's first dual-laser 3LCD-Reflective optical engine
technology, the Epson EH-LS10000 is able to produce 1,500 lumens of colour and
white light brightness. It is also said to have improved pixel density, high
contrast and a long service life of 20,000 hours. Epson's 4K enhancement
technology can make 1,080p full high-definition videos look like 4K videos. Its
Bright 3D Technology allows for double image refresh rate.

Moshi Muse 12 LAPTOP SLEEVE

$49.90

The Moshi Muse 12 is a laptop sleeve specially designed for your sleek new Apple
MacBook.

Its padded exterior protects it against accidental scrapes and bumps, while its
soft microfibre interior helps to wipe off smudges and fingerprints when you
insert or remove your MacBook.

The Muse 12 features an opening flap named SlipGrip by its maker. This acts as a
safety catch to prevent accidental slippage.

There is also an outer pocket for you to store your cables and adapters.

iFans Slim Battery Case for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus IPHONE CASE

$89 (for iPhone 6), $99 (for iPhone 6 Plus)

With the new iFans Slim Battery Case, you do not need to pay over $100 to get a
battery case for your iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

It comes in the form of a casing for the back of the phone, with two
interchangeable bumpers to provide all-round protection.

It has an internal lithium-polymer battery of 3,100mAh (for iPhone 6) or
4,000mAh for (iPhone 6 Plus) to provide up to 130 per cent of extra battery life
for your iPhone.

It has an auto-off function that stops charging when your iPhone is fully
charged. Even with the iPhone mounted, it is only 15.2mm thick and will easily
fit into your pocket.

Asus R9 390X DirectCU II GRAPHICS CARD

$739

Powered by the latest AMD's Radeon R 390X graphics processing unit with 8GB of
video memory, the Asus R9 390X DirectCU II graphics card supports a maximum
resolution of 4,096 x 2,160 pixels. Using Asus' exclusive DirectCU II thermal
design, this graphics card is said to run 20 per cent cooler and three times
quieter than reference graphics cards.

It has two DVI ports, one HDMI port and one DisplayPort.

Razer Tartarus Chroma GAMING KEYPAD

$119.90

First-person shooter gamers, take note. The new Razer Tartarus Chroma gaming
keypad is here for you to gain a combat edge in your virtual battles.

The ergonomic gaming keypad comes with 25 fully programmable anti-ghosting keys,
including an eight-way directional thumbpad, for customised binding, macros and
hotkeys. This latest Tartarus uses Razer's Chroma lighting so that you can
customise its backlighting from an option of 16.8 million colours.

Compiled by Trevor Tan

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Belkin Road Rockstar

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat

LENGTH: 282  words


The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are now available to pre-order from both the
telcos in the UAE. Etisalat and du have both of the latest phones from Apple on
their website with a release date set for September 27. Apple's UAE store is
also reporting the same release date but there is no [...]
The post iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat appeared
first on tbreak.ae.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus are now available to pre-order from both the
telcos in the UAE. Etisalat and du have both of the latest phones from Apple on
their website with a release date set for September 27. Apple's UAE store is
also reporting the same release date but there is no option to pre-order,
although, prices are a bit lower when ordering directly from Apple compared to
Etisalat and du. Interesting, there are no packaged deals for subsidised prices
from du or Etisalat this year and you have to pay the full price of the device
upfront whether you chose the pre-paid or post-paid option.

The following table compares the prices (in AED) for Apple UAE Store as well as
Etisalat and du:


iPhone 6           iPhone 6 Plus         Extras
(16GB/64GB/128GB)  (16GB/64GB/128GB)
Apple UAE Store    AED 2599 / 2999 /     AED 2999 / 3399 None
                   3399                  / 3799
Etisalat (Prepaid) AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3549 1GB Data Free for
                   3549                  / 3949          3 Months
Etisalat           AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3549 Option to buy 10GB
(Postpaid)         3549                  / 3949          Package
du                 AED 2749 / 3149 /     AED 3149 / 3599 To be announced
                   3599                  / 3999

Grey market imports have also started arriving if you really want an iPhone
today but be prepared to pay over 60% of the prices mentioned above.

The post iPhone 6 now available for pre-order from du and Etisalat appeared
first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 26, 2014

Consumers line up for iPhone 6 debut in Taiwan

LENGTH: 280  words


Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across Taipei for
hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

TAIPEI - Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across
Taipei for hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

Taiwan Star, the island's emerging mobile carrier, started selling the latest
iPhone models with their contract from midnight, getting a step ahead of other
major telecom companies whose official sales began on Friday morning.

A man surnamed Chen, who lodged an online reservation a couple of days ago, was
the first consumer to get his iPhone 6 Plus in Taiwan Star's midnight event. He
said the phone was a gift for his wife who has just delivered their baby.

Another man surnamed Lin, who led the line in front of an Apple store for off
contract phones, said he had been in a queue since Thursday afternoon.

"This is a birthday gift for my sister," he said.

Taiwan's telecom carriers all expect a fresh buying frenzy following the debut.
James Cheng, general manager of Taiwan Mobile, said consumers have already
placed orders for 200,000 units of the new iPhones with the carrier's contract.

The mobile operators also invited bands, magicians and even massage therapists
to draw queuing customers in Friday's official release.

More than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were sold around
the world on the first weekend after their initial launch in nine countries and
regions including the United States, Germany and Hong Kong last Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Consumers line up for iPhone 6 debut in Taiwan

LENGTH: 280  words


Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across Taipei for
hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

TAIPEI - Crowds of people sat huddled outside the mobile phone shops across
Taipei for hours early Friday as they eagerly await the release of the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, the newest models of Apple Inc's smartphone.

Taiwan Star, the island's emerging mobile carrier, started selling the latest
iPhone models with their contract from midnight, getting a step ahead of other
major telecom companies whose official sales began on Friday morning.

A man surnamed Chen, who lodged an online reservation a couple of days ago, was
the first consumer to get his iPhone 6 Plus in Taiwan Star's midnight event. He
said the phone was a gift for his wife who has just delivered their baby.

Another man surnamed Lin, who led the line in front of an Apple store for off
contract phones, said he had been in a queue since Thursday afternoon.

"This is a birthday gift for my sister," he said.

Taiwan's telecom carriers all expect a fresh buying frenzy following the debut.
James Cheng, general manager of Taiwan Mobile, said consumers have already
placed orders for 200,000 units of the new iPhones with the carrier's contract.

The mobile operators also invited bands, magicians and even massage therapists
to draw queuing customers in Friday's official release.

More than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were sold around
the world on the first weekend after their initial launch in nine countries and
regions including the United States, Germany and Hong Kong last Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            February 1, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Feb. 1;
A plastic future, cheaper than Samsung, blurbs on blurs

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1611 words


The iOSphere was assured this week that it now knows the details of one of the
Next iPhones, though this one is saidto be not the iPhone 6 or even the iPhone
5S but the "budget iPhone 5," or iPhone 5B.

Blurry photographs, later removed, of "leaked" iPhone components provided the
excuse for confident declarations that the Next iPhone will be way smaller than
the iPhone 5. Because, you know, the leaked components are smaller. The
connection is obvious.

Finally, the Next iPhone, or one of them anyway, is going to $300 cheaper than
the Next Samsung Galaxy S. Which means the Next iPhone also will have to be
pretty close to $300 cheaper than the current iPhone 5. Plastic may not be
enough to get us there. Could Apple be planning on introducing slave labor to
the supply chain? Or becoming a nonprofit?

You read it here second.

__________ __________ iLounge's Jeremy Horowitz declared this week that he has
ended all speculation about what the long-but-vaguely rumored "budget 'ready for
China' iPhone" will actually look like.

[ RELATED: US wants Amazon, Apple, BlackBerry, Google and Microsoft to get a
grip on mobile security, privacy concerns ] In "New Details On Apple's Budget
iPhone 5," Horowitz confidently writes that "unless something major changes
between now and its release, we know pretty much what the new low-end iPhone
will look like, thanks to reliable sources."

No need to know more than that: sources; who are reliable. And the Reliable
Sources have told him that the future is plastic.

"Yes, it will be made substantially from plastic," he reveals. "This new model
is actually a cross between the iPhone 5, fifth-generation iPod touch, and...
wait for it... the iPod classic. Yes, really. It will have a 4" screen, like the
iPhone 5, a bottom like the latest iPod touch, and a shape that's most similar
to the iPod classic."

So the iPhone 5B will be just like three other devices. Only completely
different.

The dimensions will be just smidgins larger than the iPhone 5. "From the front,
the new iPhone looks almost identical to the iPhone 5 -- the same exact shape,
with the same sensor, camera, and button arrangement." It will have a 1136 x 640
display.

"The circular volume buttons of the iPhone 4, 4S, and 5 will shift to elongated,
pill-shaped designs closer to the iPod touch and iPhone 3G/3G."

And "the most significant change Apple will make is in the curves." Instead of
the vertical curved corners of the iPhone 5, the iPhone 5B corners will curve
downward and inward. "In summary, the budget iPhone will look a lot like an
iPhone 5 from the front, an iPod classic from the side, and an iPod touch 5G on
the bottom," Horowitz summarizes.

Assuming that Horowitz's reliable sources are in fact reliable, his opening
sentence suggests that this budget iPhone is only targeted at the Chicom market,
or possibly other emerging overseas economies. He made that point in another
post a few days earlier: The "'low-cost' plastic-bodied iPhone, which is being
developed with China Mobile in mind. ... A budget iPhone model would help sales
in populous but underdeveloped countries to grow."

Horowitz doesn't say what a budget iPhone means, pricewise. But fortunately the
iOSphere hates an information vacuum and other rumors appeared, almost like
magic ...

In an "article" that reads more like a transcribed opium dream, Kristin Dian
Mariano, in the International Business Times, "reports" that the "upcoming
iPhone 6 may cost less than rival Samsung Galaxy S4."

In other words, one unannounced product may cost less than another unannounced
product. Of from another perspective, one unannounced product may cost more than
another unannounced product.

And the basis for this Dramatic Insight? "New rumours claimed that Apple is
considering revising its pricing strategy, especially for the iPhone, in order
to compete with companies offering low-priced devices such as Samsung."

Not all that new: The iOSphere has been billowing with rumors that Apple will or
should create a lower-priced iPhone for years.

"The upcoming iPhone will probably cost around $300 less than its rival,"
Mariano confidently assures us. Currently, Apple lists the price of an unlocked
16GB iPhone 5 at $649; Samsung's site links to Best Buy, which offers the
unlocked Samsung Galaxy S III (storage not indicated) for $700, midway between
the 16GB and 32GB iPhone models.

Mariano doesn't really explore how Apple could cut the price of the iPhone by
nearly 50%, though there is a reference to a months-old news story, by The Wall
Street Journal, that claimed "Apple is seriously considering releasing a
low-priced iPhone" by substituting a plastic body for an aluminum one. Though,
if memory serves, that story was actually about designing a different,
lower-priced iPhone model [cf. Horowitz, op. cit.] that would be offered with
the high-end iPhone.

Other options, not mentioned by Mariano, are introducing slave labor in the
supply chain; or becoming a nonprofit corporation.

But somehow it will get done. Because "Apple executives were alarmed that the
company is losing its dominance in the market."

Alarmed. Shaken not stirred. Panic-stricken. And no wonder. "Consumers are
paying attention to smartphones with affordable pricing but offers great
features and performance." There are products on the market that are ... Less
Expensive Than Apple's.

But NPD Group just reported that in Q4 2012, Apple umm dominated the U.S.
smartphone market: its share was 39%, down 2 points from Q4 2011. Samsung's
share jumped to 30%, up from 21% in the year-ago quarter. And the top-selling
five smartphone models in the U.S. for Q4 were, in order, iPhone 5, Galaxy S
III, iPhone 4S, iPhone 4, Galaxy S II.

The IBT post "seems like a bit of a wild stab in the dark, if we're honest, as
it appears to be an assertion primarily based on the fact that several sources
have recently claimed Apple will offer a lower-priced iPhone," writes Paul
Briden, at Know Your Mobile, nicely summarizing how rumors are born and nurtured
in the iOSphere.

"Apple may well be reconsidering its pricing structure but is likely doing so
only to offer lower-end options too," Briden writes. "We doubt very much if it
will abandon its premium structure entirely."

Still. Never underestimate what alarmed executives can do when gripped by panic.

The iOSphere thrilled when sites like SlashGear discovered on the French tech
site NoWhereElse.com (or NME as its fondly called) "photos of what appear to be
next-generation iPhone parts ... with suggestions of the iPhone 5S and even an
iPhone 6 on the way within the year," as Chris Burns breathlessly described the
revelations.  And not to keep anyone in suspense, here's one of the photos as it
appears now on NME.  To say this is "blurry" doesn't quite do justice to the
extent of its formlessness. Frankly, our best guess is this is a repurposed
closeup of a zombie's eyes sockets just before he sinks his teeth into you.

Not even the iOSphere could call this a "purported photo." In a notably
convoluted sentence, Burns writes, "This set of photos comes from a tipster
speaking with NME that they've subsequently said has requested that the photos
be blurred out." According to the Google translation of NME's original French
language post, the source of the photographs "contacted us to let us know that
he regretted having shared these photos and wish for us to remove our article.

Regret? In the iOSphere? How ... quaint.

In any case, Burns manfully soldiers on, aided if only marginally by the
original photo (with the corresponding iPhone 5 part superimposed) as it first
appeared on NME. "Since these photos of the innards of devices are essentially
blurrier already than we'd care to think about, let's have a look and see what
we can see."

The answer is much clearer than the photos: not very much. NME says the new
parts are the "block speaker" for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 6. And sure enough,
they look different from the "block speaker" component of the current iPhone.

"The information surrounding these components it scant, with the supplier only
suggesting that they've gotten their hands on Apple-bound bits and pieces,"
Burns admits, in the kind of understatement that's a hallmark of iOSphere
rumoring.

"What we're seeing here is something that's exciting only because of the
ever-so-slight but telling differences between these and past Apple components,
these suggesting a new device or a new setup in the near future," according to
SlashGear's Burns.

He is, apparently, easily excitable.

Yet Burns can't and doesn't actually tell us what is "telling" about the
differences. You take a picture that purports to be of a part for the Next
iPhone. Then you take a picture of the corresponding part in the existing iPhone
. Compare, conclude, blog. Even if the conclusion amounts to, "Yep: it's
different."

TechRadar's John McCann boldly goes where Burns doesn't. Despite headlining his
post "Blurry shots fail to instill confidence in iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 leaks,"
McCann is confident enough to draw very specific conclusions. "The speaker
module which is apparently meant for the iPhone 6 appears to be significantly
smaller than the one destined for the iPhone 5S, suggesting Apple will
dramatically reduce the size of its flagship handset once the 5S is out of the
way," McCann declares.

It's simple: a smaller part means a smaller iPhone!

"At the moment we've not gotten solid information on any physical changes to the
next-generation versions of the iPhone or iPad," the more cautious Burns
concludes.

But don't worry: something will be changed.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Thousands line up for Apple s iPhone 6 release at Los Angeles-area stores

BYLINE: Melissa Masatani

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1178 words


Hundreds of iPhone fans lined up at Apple stores around the Southland in hopes
of getting their hands on either an iPhone 6 or an iPhone 6 plus. Some even
camped out overnight.

By mid-day, many locations sold out of the new Apple smart phone

and some customers were turned away feeling left out of the celebration.

The lucky ones who were able to buy a phone were happily showing off their new
devices Friday morning.

I m talking to you on my new iPhone 6,  said a delighted Mark Rutta, vice
president of Reebok Swim.

He arrived at the Westfield Topanga Apple store about 7 a.m. Friday to pick up
the new iPhone 6 that he had pre-ordered.

It s a tradition. Whenever Apple introduces a new product, Rutta, an Encino
resident, joins the throng waiting to get their hands on it.

There were probably 100 people in line by the time they opened up. And the line
went past the food court and down to Nordstroms. I ve never seen anything like
it before,  he said.  It s a really nice experience. You meet a lot of wonderful
people.

The phones, which have bigger screens, longer battery life and the latest
operating system, iOS 8, were announced Sept. 9 alongside a new smartwatch and a
mobile payment offering.

Desire for the phones isn t just limited to customers in the United States.

Lavina Moran traveled to Rancho Cucamonga from New Delhi, India, and was hoping
to buy up to five iPhone 6 units on Friday. He said the phone was not slated for
release in India until October but that by selling two or three of the phones he
would recoup his airfare.

All the previous iPhones have proved that they are the best smartphones in the
market,  Moran said.  They work, they do whatever you need to do and they change
your lifestyle and change the way we used to live.

In Australia, the first country where the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus went up for sale,
more than 1,400 people lined up outside Apple s flagship store in Sydney on
Friday morning, according to technology news site ZDNET.

Consumers in Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore
and the United Kingdom can also buy the devices on Friday, before Apple opens up
sales in more than 20 additional countries on Sept. 26. But it is unclear when
the new iPhones will be released in China as Apple is still waiting for the
approval it needs from government regulators there. It s an issue Apple must
resolve quickly as 15 to 20 percent of its iPhone shipments are sent to China,
said IDC analyst Ramon Llamas.

If we go through the start of Chinese New Year and there still aren t any iPhone
6 or 6 Pluses to be found, we ve got a problem,  he said.

The iPhone 6, which measures 4.7 inches diagonally, costs $199 with a two-year
contract, while the 5.5 inch 6 Plus starts at $299.

Customers in and around Los Angeles sought ways to capitalize on their new
possession by selling.

Among those looking to score was Apple iPhone 5s owner Julie Yarnell of Rancho
Cucamonga, who was convinced by friends to make a profit off of selling the
iPhone 6 plus, which was going for around $1,500 to $2,000 on eBay and
Amazon.com. Yarnell had spent about $808 on a phone without a provider contract.

My friends talked me into it,  Yarnell said.  They said,  Julie, use your credit
card, you re going to make money.  I m hoping it goes well. I ve never done
anything like this. People buy cars and houses and flip them. It s essentially
what people do with iPhones. I figure it s worth a shot.

There may be customers closer to home.

In Pasadena, Rancho Cucamonga and Manhattan Beach, frustrated buyers were turned
away after 10 a.m. as the supply of phones dried up.

About 600 people were estimated to be in line at 10:45 a.m. at the Manhattan
Beach Apple Store, police said, with an approximate wait of six to eight hours.
However, dozens of angry customers left the line as the store ran out of the 6
Plus less than an hour later.

Lamar Taylor, who paid a friend $200 to spend the night on the sidewalk for him,
arrived about 7:30 a.m. to take over.

If you don t get it today, there s a good chance you won t get it for a month.
Plus, I like new tech,  the Hawthorne resident said.

The line, however, wasn t moving. A veteran of standing in line on the first day
of new Apple products, Taylor said the process at Manhattan Village was slower
than normal.

It s worth it,  he said.  Anybody else who is going to be watching this, teasing
us, making fun of us, they won t have the phone or another month, we ll have
ours today.

Theodore Woodard of Carson said about 100 people were in line when he arrived at
the Manhattan Beach store Thursday night. After a night without sleep, he was
not happy. He said  it seemed like 1,000 people  cut in line in front of him,
Making it bad for everyone else.

It s not fair and I don t like it,  Woodard said.  This is the first time I ve
ever done something like this, but it will be the last as well.

Earlier, the atmosphere was lively at most stores, with customers bringing
folding chairs, snacks and entertainment to pass the time. At the Victoria
Gardens store, a group of friends were inching toward the front of the line with
an E-Z Up tent, while one customer had a beanbag chair in line at the Cerritos
Center Apple Store.

Duarte resident Christine Gosdanian joined the Pasadena line around 9:20 a.m. as
she tried to trade in her daughter s iPhone 4s for an iPhone 6. She said it was
her first time waiting in line and that she had to leave by 1:30 p.m. to pick up
her children from school.

It seems kind of ridiculous to be honest,  Gosdanian said.  It s just a phone.
Her lock screen isn t even working. It s been a hassle for her. She s been
living with it for the last month.

Union protesters were chanting outside the Pasadena store, though that did not
deter the customers who joined the line, which stretched across three block
lengths at one point.

I ve never done it before, I wanted to see what it was all about,  said Rene
Villa of Covina.  When you re in line with other people, everyone is as excited
as you are. You have a lot to talk about.

The 24-year-old had been waiting in line since 3:30 a.m. and said the process
went quickly and smoothly. However, 29-year-old Ryan Brown of Pasadena had been
waiting in line since noon Wednesday to buy the 6 Plus in gold and said the
atmosphere was different from previous iPhone releases.

It was very unorganized (this year),  Brown said.  I ve been out here three
years straight. It used to be very good   the camaraderie, your interactions,
lots of nice meetings. You share stories, food. This year, there was a lot of
malaise.

More than 4 million pre-orders for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were placed the day
they became available online last week, twice the volume Apple saw for the
iPhone 5. If supplies don t run out, analysts predict that Apple will sell more
than 10 million iPhones this weekend, up from 9 million during the opening
weekend for the iPhone 5s and 5c last year.

Staff writers Zen Vuong, Neil Nisperos, Beatriz Valenzuela, Larry Altman,
Gregory J. Wilcox and the San Jose Mercury News contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

10 ways to get the most out of your iPhone 6 and iPhone 6+

BYLINE: Giulia Maccagli

LENGTH: 532  words


CONSERVE your battery, avoid intrusive ads, improve reception and more with
these great iPhone 6 tricks

1. iPhones charge faster when in Airplane mode. Swipe up from the bottom of the
screen and tap the airplane icon on the left.

2. Charge your iPhone quicker using an iPad adaptor. For occasions where you
need to charge your iPhone 6 even more quickly, use an iPad adaptor.

3. Turn on the Accessibility feature if you have young children. To prevent them
messing around with your data, access your settings and click on the General
tab. Select Accessibility and enable Guided Access on your device.

READ MORE:
{http://foodanddrink.scotsman.com/drink/five-of-the-best-scottish-whisky-apps/|
Five of the best Scottish whisky apps | Link to article}

4. Enable longer and more complex Passcodes. iCloud security breaches have put
iPhone security at the forefront. To create a longer, alpha-numeric Passcode, go
to settings and click on General. Disable the default Simple Passcode setting,
and change it to something more complex.

5. Avoiding ads. Your iPhone has a function that keeps track of your browsing
activity in order to target you with ads. Although it's anonymous, some people
simply don't want theur data to go anywhere. To disable this feature, go to your
settings, select Privacy, and click on Limit Ad Tracking.

READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/tech/apple-forecasts-drop-in-sales-d
espite-iphone-record-1-4012671 | Apple forecasts drop in sales despite iPhone
record | Link to article}

6. Guide Siri on how to pronounce certain words. Especially useful for us Scots,
Siri can be made more useful by being guided on correct pronunciations. If Siri
misinterprets, say, a name, tell Siri: "That is not how you pronounce" whatever
you've just uttered. This will correct the error and reveal a list of
alternatives.

7. Access your email drafts and composes messages quicker. If you want to access
every single draft message stored in your email account, hold down the Compose
icon for three seconds. This will present draft messages in a list format,
removing the need to move between separate folders and compositions.

8. Shake your iPhone to undo messages. The iPhone 6's new Undo feature enables
you to redress an error made when typing a new message. Simply shake your iPhone
and this option will appear on-screen.

READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/this-is-why-you-shouldn-t-change-your-iphone
-date-to-jan-1-1970-1-4030512 | This is why you shouldn't change your iPhone
date to Jan 1, 1970 | Link to article}

9. Take a series of images simultaneously. You can take multiple photos
simultaneously using the Burst feature. Access the camera app and hold down
Capture when framing the image, allowing you more chances to get the best
possible shot.

10. Get better reception. The iPhone 6 features LTE, which delivers fast
download speeds, but it can also reduce battery life and sometimes limit network
connectivity. To avoid this, turn off LTE and go from no signal to full coverage
in 3G. Under settings and then General, select Cellular and then Enable LTE to
Off.

{http://bit.ly/1Ro0AlC | Future Scotland: Scotland's tech sector, innovation and
big ideas >>}

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Apple sell 10 million iPhone 6 in 3 days;
iPhone Sales

LENGTH: 116 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend
after its new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.


Apple said it sold a record 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new, larger phone models went on sale in 10 countries on Friday.

The phones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, drew more than 4 million pre-orders on
Sept. 12, more than double the 2 million orders for the company's iPhone 5 model
in the same period two years ago.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models, based on the first-day pre-orders.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend. Sales of the new models in China have
been delayed by regulatory issues. (Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Turkish Newswire

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: ISTANBUL



 Apple put its latest smartphones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in
Turkey and 21 other countries early on Friday morning, including Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Taiwan and European states such as Belgium and the Netherlands.

Customers wanting to be the first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in
Turkey formed long queues in front of electronic stores on Thursday evening. The
stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.

"I have been waiting for this for a month. I am very happy to be one of the
first people to buy this phone," said Ataberk Calaz after his early-morning
purchase.

The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038); the 64 GB
and 128 GB models are available for purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949
($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.

Apple had put the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Sales
for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the first
weekend the phones were available for purchase.

In addition to Turkey, the new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the year.

Apple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus phones "bend,"
saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it has so far received
only nine such complaints from customers.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   S Edition

iPhone 6 hits street

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8; No. 22971

LENGTH: 203 words


Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones were released at 8 a.m.
Friday at Apple stores and other mobile phone shops around the country, where
enthusiastic fans formed long lines.

In front of Apple Store Omote-sando in Shibuya Ward, Tokyo, more than 1,000
people had formed a line several hundred meters long by the time of the official
release.

"It's thin and fits my hand well," said self-employed Yuki Manno with an iPhone
6 in his hand. "The screen is easy to see. I want to test out the phone all day
today."

Three major mobile phone companies -- NTT DoCoMo, Inc., KDDI Corp. and SoftBank
Mobile Corp. -- also held events at their outlets in Tokyo to announce the
release of the new models.

The new iPhones have bigger screens and thinner bodies than their predecessors.
The screen of the iPhone 6 Plus is bigger than that of the iPhone 6. An iPhone 6
model with 16 gigabytes of memory is virtually free if a user signs a new
contract or switches over from another mobile service provider.

Firms are engaging in fierce competition to win more customers with a variety of
promotional campaigns including one offer to buy an old iPhone for up to 43,200
yen if users agree to change their mobile service providers.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      January 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Next-Generation iPhone Features Start Pouring In!

BYLINE: Sanchari Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 328  words


In the forthcoming iPhones, Apple will use Force Touch technology, which is
already used in the Apple Watch.

Friday, January 16, 2015: It has not been a long time when the world was abuzz
with excitements surrounding the new Apple iPhones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple smartphones are always overwhelmed by rumours and leaks ahead of their
final launch. Now it's time to begin speculations about the successors to iPhone
6 and 6 Plus, as rumours about the same have already started pouring in.

A Taiwanese website UDN have cited some supply chain sources in a report that in
their next-generation iPhone, the Silicon Valley-based company will use a
two-lens system in the camera. With the dual lens set-up, the next-generation
iPhone will be able to capture more light which means better photos can be
produced. The camera in the iPhone will be equipped with optical zoom features,
which means photos clicked by digital zoom-powered cameras will lag behind the
snaps, clicked by the new iPhone, as per quality-level.

In the forthcoming iPhones, Apple will also use Force Touch technology, which is
already used in the Apple Watch. This technology enables the touchscreen
differentiate between light taps and long ones. So users will be able to
interact with their iPhones in several ways. The touch sensors in the new
iPhones will also determine health factors of the users, like blood pressure
level and pulse rate. The supply chain sources, who have not been named, have
also revealed that the current screen sizes will be maintained in the new
iPhones - ranging between 11.94-cm (4.7-inch) to 13.97-cm (5.5-inch). The report
has not mentioned anything specifically about the rumoured 10.16-cm (4-inch)
iPhone 6S model. The next-generation iPhone is also said to be having an
upgraded storage option to 32GB, from the current 16GB. The 32GB variant was
removed this year from the company line-up, and 16, 64 and 128 GB versions were
made available for the customers.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                            January 2, 2016 Saturday

Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in Turkey

LENGTH: 232  words


According to the Apple Turkey website, an iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of memory
now costs TL 2,499 ($1,043). Its previous price was TL 2,349 ($1,000). The
biggest increase appears to be in the price of the Apple MacBook Pro: The price
for a 13-inch, Retina display MacBook Pro is now TL 3,799 ($1,618), up from TL
3,499 ($1,490).

The new prices have been in effect since Jan. 1.

The Turkish lira hit record lows in mid-December, with its lowest point at 2.41
to the dollar, due to an emerging market sell-off and domestic political
tensions. One US dollar is currently trading at 2.35 against the lira.

The new prices for Apple's products are as follows:

16 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,499 ($1,043) - up from TL 2,349 ($1,000)

64 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,849 ($1,213) - up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)

128 GB iPhone 6: TL 3,199 ($1,362) - up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)

16 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 2,849 ($1,213) - up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)

64 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 3,199 ($1,362) - up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)

128 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL 3,499 ($1,490) -up from TL 3,249 ($1,384)

16 GB iPhone 5S: TL 2,049 ($872) - up from TL 1,949 ($830)

13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display: TL 3,799 ($1,618) - up from TL 3,499
($1,490)

13-inch MacBook Air: TL 2,699 ($1,149) - up from TL 2,499 ($1,043)

16 GB iPod: TL 629 ($268) - up from TL 579 ($246)

iPod shuffle: TL 149 ($63.5) - up from TL 129 ($55)

iPod nano: TL 619 ($263.6) - up from TL 549 ($234)

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      November 7, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

An Android iPhone 6 with 8MP selfie camera from Lenovo!

LENGTH: 221  words


Lenovo has unveiled its rumored Sisley S90 Smartphone which has a striking
resemblance to the Iphone 6. This is not the first time that a handset maker
copied the design language of iPhone, as we have seen many local players taking
a cue from Apple iPhone's design. The Iphone 6 lookalike Sisley however is
making news because it comes from a top tier Smartphone player, which was least
expected.

The Lenovo's baby brings almost similar chassis with the curved edge design that
has white antenna lines, and thinness to that of Apple's flagship iPhone 6.

The Lenovo S90 Sisley is a 5-inch phone with a Super AMOLED 720p screen and
measures 6.9mm thin. It is powered by Snapdragon 410 quad-core processor with
1GB of RAM, a 13-megapixel rear camera, an 8-megapixel front-facing camera, and
the Android 4.4.4 KitKat.

The phone has been launched in China for RMB 1,999 which translates to INR
20,100 approximately.

Obviously, Lenovo Sisley S90's such a striking resemblance to the iPhone 6 is
intentional. With such alikness to the iPhone 6, Lenovo has clearly tried to rip
off Apple with its Sisley S90 smartphone. In fact, even the poster and graphics
of the Sisley look inspired from that of the Apple iPhone 6. The move surprises
all because this was not expected from a company like Lenovo which is a well
established brand in itself.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            March 11, 2014, Tuesday

iPhone Air: Latest iPhone 6 concept video has fanboys fired up;
Slick video conjures up thinner, lighter Apple iPhone with bigger screen

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 305 words


With rumors heating up that Apple will announce an iPhone 6 by year-end, concept
designers are working their fingersto the bone and YouTube is lighting up with
their videos.  The latest attention-getting concept design video comes from Sam
Beckett, a British graphic designer who The Huffington Post says has a strong
track record when it comes to predicting features in new iPhones, as he did with
the iPhone 5 and iOS7.

+ Also on NetworkWorld: Hottest iPhone 6 "iPhoney" concepts + In his video,
Beckett portrays a smartphone that is 8% larger than the current high-end iPhone
5S and boasts a 4.7-inch screen with 1920x1080 pixel resolution. At 7mm thin,
the concept phone is 0.6mm slimmer than the 5S. The phone's exterior shimmers
with a sapphire crystal display, replacing the old Gorilla Glass, and ups the
camera from 8mp to 10mp. One other nice detail: Beckett includes on the screen
the Healthbook app Apple is said to be working on.

Beckett suggests Apple will stop naming its iPhones by number and shift to the
iPhone Air moniker, along the lines of what it's done for its Macs and iPad
tablets.

One reason Apple watchers like this concept design (it's "amazing," exclaims
one) is that it isn't too out there. 9-to-5 Mac, for example, says: "There are a
lot of very silly iPhone 6 concept images and videos around, from convext curves
that maximize reflections and vulnerability to damage, to completely transparent
phones (invisible batteries and circuit boards are the new black, apparently).
This concept by Sam Beckett isn't terribly exciting, but it is likely reasonably
close to what we might expect Apple to do ..."

Hopes are high for the next iPhone: Crazy big numbers are being bandied about in
the rumor mill, with some even suggesting 90 million iPhone 6 (er, iPhone Air)
smartphones could be ordered this year.



LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 17, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Plus Vs Samsung Galaxy Note 4

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 423  words


Confused about which one to go for? Here we have a brief comparison between the
two to help you out.

Wednesday, September 17, 2014: The most awaited iPhone 6 Plus is a large display
phone as against any of the older Apple phones. It boasts of a 13.97-cm
(5.5-inch) screen and is expected to give a tough competition to Samsung, Sony
and HTC.

As always Apple and Samsung had gone neck to neck to cater their customer needs.
If we go further with the detailed comparison of two smartphone giant's latest
editions, we will have lot to discuss about.

Here's the list of few odd features:

Display

Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has 14.48-cm (5.7-inch) display, which at times gets tough
to be used by one hand. Whereas, iPhone 6 Plus offers a sleek and compact look
and the large display certainly add on to its attractive looks.

Resolution

The Galaxy Note 4 is with a QHD display, which makes the display produce more
than 500 pixels per inch. On the other hand, Apple is yet to deliver the best
pixel rating. iPhone 6 Plus as it is comes with only a 720p full HD display.

One-Handed Usage

iPhone 6 Plus is although not easy to use with one hand but knowing that Apple
has evolved its own unique way to overcome the flaw. By simple double tapping on
the home button would allow the top end of the screen to pop up.

Going on the same line, Galaxy Note 4 with 14.48-cm (5.7-inch)is almost
impossible to be operated by one-hand.

Battery life

The new iOS is used in iPhone 6, which is more powerful and efficient processor.
It will allow the phone to last more than a day. However, the company says that
the battery life of the iPhone 6 Plus is in a speculative phase. On the other
hand, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 is taking a lead with its 3,220mAh battery and Ultra
Power Saving Mode that is reportedly stretching 10 per cent more energy to the
device's promised 24-hour battery life.

Outer Display

In terms of build, Samsung is sticking to its faux leather plastic material
while Apple is keeping its premium build quality by covering its iPhone 6 Plus
with solid aluminium.

Technology

If we talk about the camera-technology, Samsung Galaxy Note 4 has set off iPhone
6 Plus with its 16MP rear facing camera and 3.7MP front shooter. On contrary,
Apple iPhone 6 Plus comes with 8MP shooter with Dual LED flash and 1.2-megapixel
front camera.

Operating Systems

Apple iPhone 6 Plus will run on iOS 8, which is the latest software update for
Apple's stellar software. Meanwhile Note 4 will run on 4.4 KitKat out of the box
since it will be out in the market ahead of Android L launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:34 AM GMT

Apple's new iPhone, iPad and Apple TV explained[#x200b];
Everything you need to know about the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, the new iPad
Pro tablet and the changes to Apple TV

BYLINE: By walesonline

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 762 words


Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California last
night.

The tech giants revealed a new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, along with a giant iPad
Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

It's available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

RELATED:  Relive the iPhone, iPad pro and Apple TV live launch

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

RELATED: This simple trick will help you find out how strong your iPhone signal
really is

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October.

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

Will you be first in the queue for Apple's latest gadgets?

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Apple's iPhone profits leaves rivals with little but table scraps

BYLINE: Troy Wolverton

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 488 words


Apple has long gobbled up an outsized share of the smartphone industry's
profits. But in the fourth quarter, the iPhone maker's slice of the profit pie
reached comically largely proportions.

In the holiday period, Apple made about $19.4 billion in pre-tax profits from
selling its lineup of iPhones, estimated Michael Walkley, a financial analyst
who covers Apple for Canaccord Genuity, in a report issued Sunday. That
represented about 93 percent of the total operating profits generated by the
entire industry, which was an all-time high for Apple, Walkley wrote.

"We believe Apple's iPhone 6/6 Plus smartphones dominated December smartphone
sales at unprecedented levels," Walkley wrote in his report.

In the fourth quarter a year earlier, Apple soaked up 75 percent of smartphone
industry profits, according to Walkley. For all of 2014, profits from iPhone
sales accounted for 79 percent of profits.

Apple reported record earnings last month on huge iPhone sales growth . The
company sold 74.5 million iPhones in the quarter, which was up 46 percent from
the same period a year earlier.

According to Walkley's report, Apple was one of only two companies whose slice
of the smartphone profit pie was larger than 1 percent. Samsung, which gleaned
about $1.8 billion in profits from selling its lineup of Galaxy phones,
accounted for 9 percent of total industry profits. That was Samsung's smallest
portion of industry profits since 2008, Walkley wrote.

The six other companies mentioned in Walkley's report either posted profits that
were so small that they essentially had a 0 percent share of the pie, or they
lost money on their smartphone sales, meaning that their share was actually
negative. Microsoft was the worst in that regard; according to Walkley's
analysis, the software giant lost about $414 million on its smartphone sales in
the fourth quarter, giving it a -2 percent share of industry profits.

"Other leading (smartphone manufacturers) continue to struggle," he wrote.

Apple's expanding portion of the smartphone industry's profits has come despite
the fact that its share of total smartphones sold actually was flat last year,
according to Walkley's estimate. Apple sold 192.7 million iPhones in 2014, which
accounted for 15.5 percent of the total smartphones sold. That's the same share
Apple had in 2013, when it sold 153.5 million, according to Walkley.

Other estimates have indicated that Apple's share of smartphone device sales
actually fell last year.

Walkley forecast that Apple's strong iPhone sales will continue this year, as
existing iPhone owners upgrade their phones to the new models and the new
big-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models lure away Android users.

"We believe these trends should grow Apple's iPhone installed base and bodes
well for future strong iPhone replacement sales, earnings, and cash flow
generation," he wrote.

Photo of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models courtesy of the company.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             July 26, 2013, Friday

Newest iPhone 6 concept: 3-in-1 device morphs from smartphone to phablet, to
iPad;
Foldable iPhone 6 design would blur lines of smartphone, tablet

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 226 words


The latest iPhone 6 design concept making the rounds envisions the next Apple
smartphone being capable of morphing intoa phablet, then into a mini iPad
tablet.

The concept, from Pritesh Chavan of Yanko Design, is aimed at putting the focus
back on the user, not the device. According to Yanko Design: "For a twisted
moment, the focus has shifted from the human experience to the gadget
experience. The disconnect of emotions is creepy and alarming!"

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 & iPhone 5S edition] [iPhone 6 rumor rollup for week
ending July 19] The latest scuttlebutt has Apple delivering an iPhone 5S later
this year, with the blockbuster iPhone 6 coming next year.

But who really knows, aside from Apple.

Most likely it won't look like Yanko's latest vision, but it's fun to look at
anyway.

Yanko's concept shows the devices shifting from a 4.2-inch smartphone screen to
a 5.8-inch phablet-like screen for chatting/making presentations, and then to a
7.5-inch iPad tablet form. All have 16:9 aspect rations.

The device's exterior would be made largely of one-atom thick graphene that's
"100 times stronger than steel." Surround sound edge speakers would really let
you blast the volume on the device. The 3-in-1 offering would have one dedicated
camera.

Bob Brown tracks network research in his Alpha Doggs blog and Facebook page, as
well on Twitter and Google +.



LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple decides to go big on latest iPhone device

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 652 words


APPLE has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus. At an event in California last night, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're
launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ionstrengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also con-firmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (£123) for
the 16GB model, going up to $399 (£248) for the 128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus
will start at $299 (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook. He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and
vulnerable" before introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, con-firming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company. Major retailers
have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores, including Toys R US and
Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US. Apple has also entered the smartwatch market for
the first time, with the Apple Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide product
marketing, discusses the camera features on the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2014 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Orders for New iPhones Exceed Four Million

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; BITS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 392 words


Early signs show that bigger iPhones are already leading to bigger sales for
Apple.

The company on Monday said that early orders for the new iPhones -- the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus -- topped four million in the first 24 hours that they became
available for order online over the weekend. That is double the number of early
orders that came in for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale online two years
ago.

Both new iPhones unveiled last week are significantly larger than previous
models. The iPhone 6 screen measures 4.7 inches diagonally and the iPhone 6 Plus
screen measures 5.5 inches. The earlier iPhone 5S had a four-inch screen. The
new phones arrive in stores on Friday.

By increasing the screen size of the iPhone, Apple was responding to a broad
market trend: Consumers, especially those in China, are gravitating toward
bigger and bigger screens on smartphones, just as they did with televisions.

Some financial analysts are optimistic that the early orders will amount to
record-breaking iPhone sales over all. Maynard Um, an analyst for Wells Fargo,
said that Apple was on track to meet expectations for sales of millions in the
''low teens'' range in the first weekend. That would be much higher than the
nine million in first-weekend sales last year for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C.

It can be easy to lose perspective on what those numbers mean. For comparison,
Motorola Mobility shipped 6.5 million smartphones in the first three months of
the year. Apple's iPhones are expected to sell at least double that number in
just their first weekend in stores.

Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, said that
although the recently introduced Apple Watch and mobile payments service may
create new revenue streams for Apple, the company's financial situation remains
fundamentally unchanged: Its financial earnings still lean heavily on sales of
the iPhone, which accounts for about 70 percent of Apple's profit.

Still, it remains unclear, Mr. Sacconaghi said in an email, whether the new
iPhones will ultimately help the company's profits.

''Can Apple sustain iPhone margins in the face of higher costs on both new
phones (larger screen, battery, more memory, better processor, etc.) and a price
increase on only the larger offering?'' he said.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2014/09/15/online-orders-for-new-iphones
-exceed-4-million/

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple grapples with gaffes after iPhone launch

BYLINE: By Julia Love jmlove@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 761 words


CUPERTINO -- Just a week after its new iPhones were greeted with rave reviews
and record sales, Apple has been beset by a rare bout of bad publicity.

First, reports surfaced that its new iPhones were at risk of bending. Then the
company was forced to yank a bug-riddled update for iOS, its operating system
for phones and tablets. That left the valley's consummate perfectionist doing
damage control at an inopportune time, with customers flooding into stores to
check out the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The missteps helped send its stock
lower by nearly 4 percent Thursday and may nick Apple's reputation for polished
devices that work right out of the box, analysts say.

"They seem to be scrambling over at Apple to try to get things right," said
analyst Matt Margolis of PTT Research.

Apple's public relations arm sprang into action after the gaffes. The company
apologized for glitches in the iOS update, which was shelved a little more than
an hour after its release Wednesday after users complained they were unable to
make calls or use the fingerprint sensor. Apple said fewer than 40,000 users
downloaded the software, and late Thursday the company released a new update.

Meanwhile, the company is standing by its hardware, downplaying reports that its
new phones can become bent if people sit with them in their pockets. Social
media sites were teeming with photos of warped phones -- particularly the iPhone
6 Plus -- branded with the hashtag "bendgate." But despite the flurry of posts,
Apple said it had heard from just nine people complaining of a bent iPhone 6
Plus.

"With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare," an Apple spokeswoman said
in a statement.

Finding flaws in new Apple products is a popular parlor game in Silicon Valley,
and several analysts said they suspected complaints about bent phones were
overblown. Though Apple enjoys a sterling reputation, its past is not without
trouble. Users complained of dropped calls and poor reception with the iPhone 4
because of the design of its antenna, and Apple led some drivers astray when it
swapped out Google Maps with its own mapping software in 2012.

"Neither of those tainted Apple's reputation, and I do not think this will,
either," Carolina Milanesi, chief of research and head of U.S. business at
Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, wrote in an email.

But the botched software update may be more troubling. Apple released iOS 8.0.1
to address several bugs in iOS 8, but the fix had far more serious problems.

"The quality control is not where it should be," said analyst Bob O'Donnell of
TECHnalysis Research.

And users may be sensitive to any imperfections in the 6 Plus, which costs $750
without a contract. Like last year's iPhone 5S, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are made
with an aluminum shell, most likely chosen because it is lightweight and
inexpensive, said Robert Ritchie, a materials science and engineering professor
at UC Berkeley. Although aluminum is very malleable, it can be strengthened
considerably when it is alloyed, said Ritchie, noting that most commercial
airplanes have aluminum shells.

"It certainly works for aircraft," Ritchie said. "It should work for an iPhone."

But users can exert more force with a bigger device, upping the odds of a bend,
Ritchie said. The screen on the iPhone 6 Plus measures 5.5 inches diagonally, up
from 4 inches for the iPhone 5S.

"It's not surprising that this could happen if it wasn't designed properly,"
Ritchie.

Ritchie added that aluminum alloys are typically treated with heat during
manufacturing to boost their strength. A glitch in that process might be a more
likely explanation for the reports of bending, given Apple's sophisticated
design, he said, meaning manufacturing can be tweaked to resolve the problem.

Users who accidentally bend their iPhones will be covered by SquareTrade, a
company that sells device warranties, spokeswoman Jessica Hoffman said. But so
far, the company has not heard any complaints of bent iPhones, though it has
received dozens of claims stemming from drops and spills, Hoffman said. In an
informal office test of the 6 Plus, a body builder on SquareTrade's staff easily
bent the 6 Plus, but Hoffman said she couldn't dent the device.

As phones become thinner and lighter, bendability is likely to be a new test for
devices, said John Jackson, an analyst at IDC. But he expects Apple to weather
it.

"In past instances we've seen consumers vote with their wallets, and Apple
appears to have enough good will to withstand this," he said.

Contact Julia Love at 408-920-5536; follow her at Twitter.com/byJuliaLove .

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      December 18, 2015 Friday 5:57 PM GMT

Who wins in the Samsung Galaxy S6 vs iPhone 6 battle?;


BYLINE: By mirror

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 560 words


With the recent release of the iPhone 6s (and the 6s Plus version as well), you
might be wondering whether to leap on the Apple bandwagon, or whether you should
get a Samsung Galaxy.

It's the age-old battle of technology that crops up every time Apple or Samsung
release a new phone, and Incahoot Deals have got their own take on it below.

So, where to start? If you're like us, you'll be after the best deals possible
on your phone whilst still being fairly up to date in terms of technology.

Sure, the older models of both the iPhone and Samsung Galaxy are considerably
cheaper, but if you're after something newer and better why not explore getting
an iPhone 6 or a Samsung Galaxy S6.

Previously the flagship Apple smartphone model up until the iPhone 6s was
released very recently.

As such, it's come down in price but it's still a strong contender for being the
phone of choice for a lot of people who want to look stylish and have a great
amount of technology.

The pros

It's only 6.9mm thin - ideal for looking stylish and avoiding looking like
you're some kind of 80s throwback.

The 8MP rear-facing camera can be used as a decent substitute for a normal DSLR
camera.

Fingerprint scanner technology - always handy for when you can't be bothered to
type in your passcode.

Upgradable operating system in the form of iOS, which can be updated to 9.1 as
of time of writing.

The cons

The iPhone 6 does have some flaws, and one of those is the fact that it has 1 GB
of RAM. However, Apple have optimised the phone's performance so that it doesn't
feel clunky or slow.

The battery is smaller than the Samsung battery, giving you 14 hours of talk
time or 50 hours of music play.

See the best deals on the iPhone 6 from Incahoot Deals here.

If you're looking for something just as sleek as an iPhone but you'r e not a fan
of Apple, then a Samsung Galaxy S6 might be the way forward for you.

The pros

Has a massive 3 GB of RAM, ensuring that the S6 zips along quickly with all the
apps and anything that you might want to do.

Its 16MP rear-facing camera which blows the iPhone 6's camera out of the water.

The battery is also significantly better than the Apple iPhone battery, giving
you 17 hours of talk time and 49 hours of music playing time, so you can spend
longer on your Galaxy chatting to your mates

The cons

Signs of wear and tear like scratches look a lot worse than on the iPhone.

It also feels more vulnerable thanks to the glass backing which, whilst it does
make it look sleek, does also give it a sense that it could shatter quite easily
if accidentally dropped.

It's also bigger and chunkier than the iPhone 6, so one-handed use can be a bit
awkward with the Galaxy S6.

See the best deals on the Samsung Galaxy S6 from Incahoot Deals here.

It's a tough choice to make, as both phones have redeeming features and there
are some downsides to them both but for different reasons.

If you're looking for something stylish, then we at Incahoot Deals recommend the
Apple iPhone 6 because it's got more style and taste to it than the Samsung
Galaxy S6 has.

Whilst the S6 has taken a leaf out of Apple's book about design, it just doesn't
look as good as the iPhone 6.

If you're after something more tech-friendly and powerful, then we at Incahoot
Deals recommend the Samsung Galaxy S6.

Either way, whichever phone you decide to get, you're going to end up with a
great piece of technology.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple puts iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on sale in Turkey

LENGTH: 341  words


[#x130]STANBUL (C[#x130]HAN)- Apple put its latest smartphones, the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus, on sale in Turkey and 21 other countries early on Friday morning,
including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and European states such as Belgium and
the Netherlands.



Customers wanting to be the first to purchase Apple's newest smartphones in
Turkey formed long queues in front of electronic stores on Thursday evening. The
stores let the enthusiastic customers in at the midnight.

"I have been waiting for this for a month. I am very happy to be one of the
first people to buy this phone," said Ataberk Calaz after his early-morning
purchase.

The iPhone 6 16 GB model is on sale in Turkey for TL 2,349 ($1,038); the 64 GB
and 128 GB models are available for purchase at TL 2,649 ($1,170) and TL 2,949
($1,303), respectively.

The larger screen iPhone 6 Plus' 16 GB, 34 GB and 128 GB models cost TL 2,649
($1,170), TL 2,949 ($1,303) and TL 3,249 ($1,435), respectively.

Apple had put the new iPhone models on sale earlier in the United States, UK,
Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Puerto Rico and Singapore. Sales
for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded a record 10 million during the first
weekend the phones were available for purchase.

In addition to Turkey, the new iPhone models were put on sale in Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Italy, Liechtenstein,
Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Qatar, Russia, Saudi
Arabia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan and the United Arab Emirates.

Apple plans to put the new phones on sale in more than 100 countries by the end
of the year.

Apple responded on Thursday to complaints that the iPhone 6 Plus phones "bend,"
saying this is extremely rare during normal use and that it has so far received
only nine such complaints from customers.

SHOTLIST
TURKEY, ISTANBUL, 26 SEP 2014

VAR of the Apple store
Salespersons getting prepared to open the doors
VAR of the shop representatives take off red cover on Apple logo signboard
VAR of the customers in the shop

DURATION: 03:30
C[#x130]HAN

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2014 Cihan News Agency
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

IPhones violate Chinese rival's patents, agency rules

BYLINE: DAVID RAMLI, Bloomberg

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 453 words


Apple Inc. violated the design patents of a Chinese device maker and may have to
halt sales of its latest iPhones in Beijing, the city's intellectual property
authority ruled, handing the U.S. company its latest setback in a pivotal
market.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus infringe on Shenzhen Baili's patent rights
because of similarities to its 100C phone, the Beijing Intellectual Property
Office wrote in its decision. Apple, whose iconic gadgets helped define the
modern smartphone industry, said it's appealing the ruling and is continuing to
sell various iPhone 6 models during the process.

"IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE
models are all available

for sale today in China," Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet said in an emailed
statement. "We appealed an administrative order from a regional patent tribunal
in Beijing last month and as a result the order has been stayed pending review
by the Beijing IP Court."

While the decision covers only Beijing, future lawsuits against Apple could take
the case as a precedent, potentially influencing the outcomes of litigation
elsewhere in China. Baili is one of scores of smartphone brands trying to cash
in on the country's mobile boom. Xu Guoxiang, the inventor who holds the patent
and listed as a Baili representative on yellow-pages site czvv.com, did not
answer calls seeking comment.

Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets in New York, said he doesn't think
the impact of the Chinese ruling is meaningful.

"We believe there have been several prior cases against U.S. companies ruled in
favour of local companies by lower courts that were later overturned by higher
courts," Long wrote in a note to clients. "We have seen dozens of court
decisions banning different smartphone products over the years in many different
countries. We are not aware of one ever that has resulted in an actual
injunction."

The ruling by the agency - which administers matters involving patents in
Beijing - is the latest in a series of setbacks for Apple in its largest market
after the U.S. Its book and movie services were blocked in April for violating
foreign publishing regulations. In 2013, state media accused the company of
shoddy customer service and inadequate warranties, prompting an apology from
chief executive officer Tim Cook.

Last month, it lost its fight to keep the "iPhone" exclusive to its products
after a Beijing court ruled that a little-known accessories maker can use the
label for a range of wallets and purses. And in 2012, Apple paid US$60 million
to Proview International Holdings Ltd. to settle a dispute over the right to the
iPad name in China. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ISAAC LAWRENCE, AFP, GETTY IMAGES; The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
infringe on Shenzhen Baili's patent rights because of similarities to its 100C
phone, the Beijing Intellectual Property Office wrote in its decision.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Apple faithful await the next big thing;
may unveiled not be Wednesday big enough

BYLINE: Jon Swartz

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 551 words


The set-top current box. Apple TV

SAN FRANCISCO Apple's gleaming new iPhones, a rumored iPad and a refreshed Apple
TV set-top device are sure to give the company a jolt of momentum as it steams
into the holiday shopping season.

Sales for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus alone are expected to pack a
financial wallop after they are formally announced at a gala press conference
here Wednesday - though nowhere on the scale of the massively popular iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, say analysts such as John Butler of Bloomberg Intelligence.

Slam-dunk growth rates of 30% for the iPhone 6 family are "mathematically
unsustainable," says Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst with Bernstein Research. He
forecasts iPhone sales will rise 3%, to 237.6 million units, in the fiscal year
starting in October.

The iPhone phenomenon underscores the impact breakthrough technology has on the
fortunes and historical course of Apple, a company built on powerhouse products
such as Macintosh, iPod, iPhone and iTunes. It's an essential piece of the
corporate narrative and culture.

Once the dust and hype from Wednesday settle, the proverbial questions will be
uttered: Where is Apple's next big thing, and when can we expect it?

In the eight years since Steve Jobs introduced the world to iPhone, the company
has had a successful run that few - if any - can match. During that magical
financial run, Apple racked up record profits, its stock soared and the
company's market value topped $700 billion at one point, making it the most
valuable company ever. Apple is sitting on more than $200 billion in cash and
investments.

IPhone led the way: Unit sales grew more than 30% in each of the past three
quarters, compared with the year-ago period. Fiscal third-quarter iPhone sales
soared 35% from the prior year, yet were short of out-sized expectations.

Indeed, analyst Gene Munster expects will eventually sell 180 million iPhone 6S
models, eclipsing iPhone 6.

But Apple is still awaiting a market-shifting product that redefines a category.
The jury is out on Apple Watch,which has been met with mixed reviews. A onetime
shooting star, iPad, is slowly fading away. Rumors of car-related technology
could electrify interest and sales, though it might be more than a year away.

"What is the next home run?" says Jerry Kim, an assistant professor of
management at Columbia Business School. "The longer that takes, the more worried
people get."

The success of iPhone has "made Apple a one-product company," he says.

Apple derives nearly two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales, and newly
released research from Localytics shows iPhone 6 makes up 30% of iPhone's
installed base.

It's a dilemma most companies would love to have. Apple is clearly in an
enviable position, with the runaway success of iPhone, Kim and others point.
But, he adds, "It's hard to see how (Apple) can maintain growth momentum.
Android will have 80% of global market share in five years, and should do well
in India, Africa and other areas where most of that growth will take place."

When Apple introduced iPhone 5S, another interim model with modest improvements,
in September 2013, unit sales improved 7%.

Still, Apple's latest iPhones are sure to sell well - especially in the U.S.-
and get some assistance from the other products expected to be introduced on
Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Apple faithful await the next big thing;
may unveiled not be Wednesday big enough

BYLINE: Jon Swartz

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 551 words


The set-top current box. Apple TV

SAN FRANCISCO Apple's gleaming new iPhones, a rumored iPad and a refreshed Apple
TV set-top device are sure to give the company a jolt of momentum as it steams
into the holiday shopping season.

Sales for the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus alone are expected to pack a
financial wallop after they are formally announced at a gala press conference
here Wednesday - though nowhere on the scale of the massively popular iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, say analysts such as John Butler of Bloomberg Intelligence.

Slam-dunk growth rates of 30% for the iPhone 6 family are "mathematically
unsustainable," says Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst with Bernstein Research. He
forecasts iPhone sales will rise 3%, to 237.6 million units, in the fiscal year
starting in October.

The iPhone phenomenon underscores the impact breakthrough technology has on the
fortunes and historical course of Apple, a company built on powerhouse products
such as Macintosh, iPod, iPhone and iTunes. It's an essential piece of the
corporate narrative and culture.

Once the dust and hype from Wednesday settle, the proverbial questions will be
uttered: Where is Apple's next big thing, and when can we expect it?

In the eight years since Steve Jobs introduced the world to iPhone, the company
has had a successful run that few - if any - can match. During that magical
financial run, Apple racked up record profits, its stock soared and the
company's market value topped $700 billion at one point, making it the most
valuable company ever. Apple is sitting on more than $200 billion in cash and
investments.

IPhone led the way: Unit sales grew more than 30% in each of the past three
quarters, compared with the year-ago period. Fiscal third-quarter iPhone sales
soared 35% from the prior year, yet were short of out-sized expectations.

Indeed, analyst Gene Munster expects will eventually sell 180 million iPhone 6S
models, eclipsing iPhone 6.

But Apple is still awaiting a market-shifting product that redefines a category.
The jury is out on Apple Watch,which has been met with mixed reviews. A onetime
shooting star, iPad, is slowly fading away. Rumors of car-related technology
could electrify interest and sales, though it might be more than a year away.

"What is the next home run?" says Jerry Kim, an assistant professor of
management at Columbia Business School. "The longer that takes, the more worried
people get."

The success of iPhone has "made Apple a one-product company," he says.

Apple derives nearly two-thirds of its revenue from iPhone sales, and newly
released research from Localytics shows iPhone 6 makes up 30% of iPhone's
installed base.

It's a dilemma most companies would love to have. Apple is clearly in an
enviable position, with the runaway success of iPhone, Kim and others point.
But, he adds, "It's hard to see how (Apple) can maintain growth momentum.
Android will have 80% of global market share in five years, and should do well
in India, Africa and other areas where most of that growth will take place."

When Apple introduced iPhone 5S, another interim model with modest improvements,
in September 2013, unit sales improved 7%.

Still, Apple's latest iPhones are sure to sell well - especially in the U.S.-
and get some assistance from the other products expected to be introduced on
Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                     September 22, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

With iPhone 6 Debut, iPhone Unlockers Rake In Big Business

LENGTH: 427  words


Monday, September 22, 2014: Demand is sky high for Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone
6 released today, considered the most substantial upgrade and redesign of
Apple's flagship phone for several years- and third party unlockers are
reveling.

Third party unlockers are amassing record profits in a lucrative industry that
is shrouded in mystery and conducted in an underground virtual bazaar and hidden
underworld.

"We are unlocking on average 2,000 iPhones a day this month- a 2,000% increase
from a typical average of 100 a day- with a record 3,700 iPhone unlocks
performed just the day before the launch of the iPhone 6," says Troy Alvarez,
Co-Founder of iPhone Unlock Guys, a Los Angeles-based iPhone and mobile phone
unlock and jailbreak company.

"The level of interest in the iPhone 6 is massive. We haven't seen anything
quite like this since the original iPhone came out back in 2007."

While the size of the mobile phone unlock industry is hard to gauge due to its
long time secrecy and grey market status, especially in the U.S., Troy estimates
it to be upwards of 2 Billion annually.

Customers need to unlock their phones with third party unlockers for a variety
of reasons- travel overseas and use of local carrier SIM cards, cutting out
exorbitant carrier roaming fees; or switching to another carrier or pay as you
go plan.

Unlocked phones can be used internationally by inserting any compatible SIM
card, and command greater resale value.

Many consumers are taking advantage of trade-in deals with carriers, Apple, and
large electronics trade-in dealers like Gazelle, uSell, and iCracked.Others
looking to get the most cash for their old devices are selling them on
Craigslist and eBay.

Gazelle for example, is offering up to $325 for an unlocked 64 GB iPhone 5S in
mint condition.

The most popular unlocks are AT&T iPhone unlocks and the newly introduced iCloud
bypass unlocks, which remove iCloud locks on iOS 7 devices including iPhones,
iPads, and iPod Touch models.

Mobile phone unlocking has long been a grey area legally in the U.S., with the
Library of Congress banning unlocks after Jan.26, 2013 after refusing to grant a
DMCA exemption.

Mobile phone unlocking is now completely legal, after President Obama signed
into law the Unlocking Consumer Choice and Wireless Competition Act in July,
allowing consumers to unlock their devices and allowing bulk unlocks of devices.

With today's release of the iPhone 6, the excitement in the unlock community is
palpable, and Troy expects even more business in the months ahead as consumers
unlock their new iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple lifts the lid on its Watch and iPhone 6

BYLINE: OLIVER SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 334 words


APPLE last night unveiled a new smartwatch, two larger iPhones and a mobile
payments service, as chief executive Tim Cook set a bold new direction for the
technology giant taking it into a host of new markets. At an event in San
Francisco, the company took the wraps off a larger, 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which bring even higher quality screens and better
cameras to Apple's hit smartphone range.

But the star of the show was a long-rumoured wearable device called Apple Watch
that lets users send and receive messages, answer calls to an iPhone and much
more.

Cook described the smartwatch, to be launched in early 2015, as being part of
"the next chapter in Apple's story... It's the most personal device we've ever
made," he added.

Topping off the event, Apple entered the mobile payments space with Apple Pay,
launching in the US this year.

It allows iPhone 6 and Apple Watch users to ditch bank cards in favour of
contactless payments using just their Apple device in shops. Apple Pay works
with the American Express, MasterCard and Visa platforms issued by the most
popular US banks, including Bank of America, Chase and Citi. "Everyone wins,"
said JPMORGAN Chase chairman and chief executive Jamie Dimon, adding that the
system would be more secure than tradit-ional card payments due to Apple's use
of fingerprints to authorise the payments.

APPLE WATCH ? Apple's smartwatch will go on sale in "early 2015", starting at
$349 (£216) and will come in two different sizes. It will also feature a host of
different watch straps. As well as replying to text messages and pulling up maps
on the go, the Watch will be open for developers to build a variety of apps.

IPHONE 6 ? The 4.7-inch iPhone 6, and its larger brother the 5.5-inch iPhone 6
Plus, are available to pre-order this Friday and go on sale next Friday on EE,
Three, O2 and Vodafone. The iPhone 6 starts at £539 off-contract while the
iPhone 6 Plus starts at £619. Both devices will likely be cheaper when bought
on-contract.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple chief executive Tim Cook called Apple Watch "the most personal
device we've ever made"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

iPhone Launch a Much Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 502 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as partners,
pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a blockbuster and
build on the record 1.7 million unit sales it posted in its last fiscal year in
the world's fastest growing market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant has begun forging
partnerships with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October
16, compared to previous instances when operator plans have come out months
later. The tie-ups, as well the move to start selling in India much earlier that
it usually does after a global launch, underscores the growing importance of a
smartphone market which is set to overtake the US as the world's second largest
by 2017.

According to sources aware of the tieups, both telcos will offer Apple's new
devices on their retail counters and could offer deals such as EMI schemes and
possibly data bundling. The iconic smartphone maker is looking to rapidly add to
the 1.7 million units it sold in its financial year which ended September 2015,
according to Counterpoint Research data. This meant a sharp 55% jump from the
nearly 1.1 million devices it sold in its previous fiscal year. Apple didn't
comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16, 2015," a Vodafone India spokesperson said
and added that customers can pre-register iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus beginning
October 9 on the company's website.

After pre-registration, custom

ers would become eligible for buying the phones through an ecommerce partner or
at Vodafone's retail outlets, depending on the customer's choice, sources added.

Customers buying at retail outlets are likely to be offered data and voice
plans, which can be with or without monthly installments, a second person said.
Vodafone India, however, did not share details on iPhone plans for customers.

The telco had in January announced a tie-up in January this year, around two
months after the then Apple flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in
October 2014. It had introduced tariff plans based on installments for iPhone
4s, iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s and well as the then latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Bharti Airtel, on its part, is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be
finalized shortly , a company official said.

The country's largest telco which is heavily advertising its 4G services in
India, "would want to offer the 4G (high-speed broadband services) on iPhone6s
and iPhone 6s Plus," the company official added, indicating 4G data schemes
could be offered as part of a bundling package.

"Apart from this we can also expect plans related to device upgrade at the end
of 12 months cycle, as now we have significant user base of Apple in India who
is willing to shift to new iPhones year after year," said Tarun Pathak, senior
analyst at Hong Kong based Counterpoint Research told ET.

Analysts say last year was by far the strongest performance of Apple in India
yet.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Pulls iOS 8 Update While The iPhone 6 Bends; Shares Don't Break: Off 1%

BYLINE: REINHARDT KRAUSE

SECTION: FRONT PAGE NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 271 words


Apple pulled its iOS 8.1 software update on Wednesday after some iPhone users
reported that it disrupted cell phone calls and blocked access to Touch ID, its
fingerprint security sensor.

Shares of Apple slid 1% to 101.75 as the Nasdaq rallied 1%.

Bugs in Apple's iOS 8 mobile operating system had earlier delayed the launch of
HealthKit apps for the iPhone 6. While the iOS 8.1 fixed the health app-related
issues, some iPhone users had complained on Twitter that they were losing cell
phone service and access to Touch ID, which works with Apple's new mobile
payment service.

"We are actively investigating these reports and will provide information as
quickly as we can," Apple said in a statement.

Apple announced the iOS 8 operating system on Sept. 9 in tandem with the launch
of the  iPhone 6. Apple released the iOS 8.1 update early Wednesday.

It's no longer available via over-the air downloads. Apple also pulled the
software update from its developer center. Apple said users could go to its
iTunes store to restore their phone's software to an earlier version.

Apple critics late Wednesday jumped on the flawed update as the company's latest
mishap, following the online streaming problems on the company's website for the
iPhone 6 announcement.

Some early iPhone 6 Plus users, meanwhile, this week said the device bends under
pressure if stored in front or back pockets for long periods.

Apple on Monday said first-weekend sales of the iPhone 6 family of smartphones
topped 10 million units, roughly in line with analyst expectations. Apple's
stock has gained over 3% since it launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on
Sept. 9.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

UK robots declare iPhone 6 stronger than Galaxy S5

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 312 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tests also found that you shouldn't be dropping you iPhone 6 Plus
from 4ft.


A breakability test conducted in the UK has found that Apple's iPhone 6 is more
robust than the Samsung Galaxy S5.

The test, carried out by robots that assess mobile phones on their size, weight,
panel strength, and drop endurance, gives marks out of 10 on a 'breakability
index', with a score of 10 signifying the highest risk.

SquareTrade, the team behind the robots, said that Apple's new iPhone 6 scored a
4 out of 10, compared to the iPhone 6 Plus scoring a 5, and the Samsung Galaxy
S5 lagging behind with a 6.5.

SquareTrade also announced the UK results of a international study quantifying
the amount spent by consumers on repairs to smartphones and tablets. In the UK,
almost £5 billion has been spent on repairs in the last two years, claims
SquareTrade.

Kevin Gillan, European managing director for SquareTrade said: "These figures
make the term 'hand held' look like a bit of an exaggeration. They suggest that
for many of us, holding on to our mobile phone is as straightforward as holding
on to a slippery eel."

The robotic tests also examined how far the phones slide when pushed across a
table on their backs, how well they withstand drops from 4 feet and how well
they perform during and after being dunked in water for 10 seconds.

The iPhone 5s, which measures 4 inches and came out last year, also fared better
than Samsung's Galaxy S5, which measures 5.1 inches. The Samsung phone got poor
marks on several tests including the slide test. The more a phone slides, the
greater its chance of falling off the edge of a table.

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus passed the slide test, but the iPhone 5s and
Samsung Galaxy's S5 got poor marks in that area. The iPhone 6 Plus was the only
one that didn't do well when dropped 4 feet by the robot. The glass screen
survived, but the case separated from the phone. All four phones fared well in
the water resistance test.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new devices have different look, feel

BYLINE: Eric Jou

LENGTH: 392  words


The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc's latest entries in the iPhone series,
come in two different sizes. As when Apple upped the screen size of the iPhone
5, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus take screen size to the next level.

Similar to all previous iPhones, the 6 and 6 Plus are made of aluminum. Instead
of the blockier older look, though, the new iPhones look slick. Both models are
thin - much thinner than the iPhone 5s.

And both are surprisingly light - light enough to be almost worrisome. The lack
of "heft" in the devices seems to detract from the premium feel that Apple has
cultivated.

That said, once the phone is turned on, the premium feeling comes right back.
Both phones have the new "Retina HD" screens; however, the 6 Plus benefits from
having a larger one. Both screens produce clear, crisp images. Visiting ESPN
with its bright reds looked amazing.

The bigger screens have brought a change in button orientation. Gone are the
days of the top power-wake button. Taking a cue from Android hardware, the new
bigger iPhones have the power-wake button on the right-hand side of the device.

As for operations, there is an obvious speed advantage over the 5S. Web browsing
and apps both loaded markedly faster, a performance upgrade that was to be
expected.

In terms of camera performance, the new Slo-mo function on the camera looks more
fluid than previous versions. Unfortunately, China Daily was not able to test
the Facetime burst function or the time-lapse function on the new iPhones.

Apple Watch

Apple computer's first entry into the smart wearable device market is a
surprisingly comfortable one.

Coming out with two screen sizes and three technically different models (six
altogether), the Apple Watch is quite a sight.

It is not so thick that it stands out; it feels and looks a bit smaller than a
standard Casio G-Shock watch. Of course, looks are in the eye of the beholder.
And although other mobile device manufacturers have made circular watches,
Apple's device is rectangular.

In terms of operation, Apple did not allow the media to play with the devices
directly. Test devices were only allowed to be worn by the press, with the
software demo played on a loop.

The device felt and looked good, but without a full, hands-on test drive with
the software, there are still many questions about the Apple Watch.

(China Daily 09/11/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

What happens when iPhone 6 meets sandpaper?

BYLINE: By Hallie Jeon

LENGTH: 262 words


Marques Brownlee, who posts tech reviews on his popular YouTube channel, has
tested the alleged front panel of the next iPhone.

Brownlee said he obtained the panel from prolific Apple leaker Sonny Dickson.

In his latest video posted Friday, Brownlee put the iPhone 6 panel through
vigorous tests using the Mohs scale of material hardness.

Materials rated higher on that 1-10 scale can scratch any materials rated lower.
The Gorilla Glass used for the iPhone 5S is rated at 6.8. Pure sapphire is rated
at a 9.0 and is said to be the material used for the iPhone 6 panel.

Brownlee used two kinds of high-quality sandpaper that are relatively high on
the Mohs scale: garnet (7.0), and emery (8.0). He tested both the iPhone 6 panel
and the Gorilla Glass display from iPhone 5S for comparison.

Unfortunately for Apple fans hoping for an 'indestructible' screen, the new
panel supposedly made of sapphire did not withstand either sandpaper. However,
more damage was done to the Gorilla Glass of iPhone 5S than the alleged iPhone 6
panel.

In other words, the front panel of iPhone 6 is definitely harder than the
Gorilla glass, both in theory and in reality.

Brownlee says in his video said 'That actually makes sense. Using a massive
panel of pure sapphire for the front of a phone would be a little bit stupid. It
would be much more expensive and it also wouldn't be able to bend like it did.'

'Basically, it (the new panel) is a composite involving sapphire to make it
overall stronger than the Gorilla Glass of previous iPhones, or many other
phones out there. And it works, as you saw.'

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       July 15, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple 5.5-incher iPhone 6 could get delayed by one more year, says analyst

LENGTH: 151  words


The bigger iPhone 6 could take more time for launch, indicates KGI Securities
analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

"Problems Apple is facing with the expected 4.7-inch iPhone 6 are even more
challenging for the 5.5-incher, possibly leading to delays", says Kuo in a
research note, says Cnet (via MacRumours)

According to MacRumours, "As in-cell touch panel becomes larger in size, the
edge of the panel may become insensitive to touch" which could be a bottleneck
in the production of the new handset. Apart from this producing large sized
sapphire glass display has been one of the early concerns regarding iPhone 6
production.

Kuo believes that by the end of this year 2014, the new bigger iPhone 6 might
not launch. In which case Apple could probably reduce the price of iPhone 5S and
5C as its launches the 4.7 inch iPhone 6.

This year the Cupertino company is expected to launch a new iPhone 6 with an
iWatch in September.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

With the #iPhone 7 launch, what happens to the iPhone 6 now?

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 216 words


Even as Apple gears up for new offerings - presumably in the form of the iPhone
7 - it couldn't have got better news.

Research firm Strategy Analytics has some good tidings for the smartphone:
Apple's iPhone 6s model was the world's top-selling smartphone in the second
quarter of 2016.

According to a report by Strategy Analytics, the Apple iPhone 6 shipped 8.5
million units worldwide for the second position and 2 per cent marketshare
during the second quarter of the year. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge was in the third
place with 8.3 million and 2 per cent share.

While the tech world is going into a frenzy over the "what-if-what-not"
announcement from the Apple stable, many enthusiasts are looking at purchasing
the iPhone 6. The reason being that they are expecting with good reasons for the
prices to come down.

Traditionally, Apple has dropped the price of its previous iPhone version by
$100 which would make the 16GB model $549. So there is hope after all.

The iPhone 6 starts at $549 and the 6 Plus is $649. If the iPhone 6s's price
drops by $100, either the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will have to be retired or have
their prices dropped further. Considering Apple's tendency to have limited
product offerings that is a possibility.

For all the live updates click here.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

iPhone 6 glitches leave Apple's chief red faced;
Software update iOS 8.0.1 causes problems

BYLINE:  Tim Higgins |and Adam Satariano|San Francisco

SECTION: BUSINESS REPORT; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 895 words


APPLE chief executive Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever". But he may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
on Wednesday, and promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social
media to criticise the 6 Plus and how it could bend if sat on or if enough
pressure was placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple.

Executives at the company had for months teased the introduction of the new
iPhones before debuting them on September 9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of
demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million, the record weekend sales and a
thriving gray market in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's roll-out of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the chief executive has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook
apologised for the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after
receiving criticism from state-run media over customer service in the market. In
2012, Cook also said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software,
which was faulted for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent two-and-a-half hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me... and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in a statement that it had devised a workaround for iPhone 6 users
who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologise for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (R1.9 trillion) in revenue and precede a swath of
other products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system
called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
roll-out, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On September 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries today. In total, the iPhones will
be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing; I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," Tim Bajarin at
Creative Strategies, said about concerns over bending phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's software upgrade to his
old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately", but now "I'm going to wait", said Zahrt,
58, who'd had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock working properly since
downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I think the bugs need to be
worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry chief executive John Chen
took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you guys to
bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users that the iOS 8 software upgrade, which
had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the health and
fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers to
experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent two-and-a-half hours on the phone with Apple
customer service, said his representative was unaware there would be a software
update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 today
[Wednesday]," Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him... He said typically when
they do software updates they know about it days in advance so they're ready for
it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to dwindle after downloading
the software, along with data showing applications were more likely to crash
with the operating system.

While glitches weren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracted more
attention, Frank Gillett at Forrester Research said. "They inspire a lot of
positive and negative passion." - Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Head Line: US Contract Notice: Department of the Navy (Maryland) Issues
Solicitation for "iPhone 5s,6,6 Plus cases"

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: Lahore


WASHINGTON: Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command officer has issued
requirement for "iPhone 5s,6,6 Plus cases"

Solicitation No: NSWCCD-16-CSB-006

Notice Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
Posted Date: October 19, 2015

Description: Case for iPhone 5S, iPhone 5. Qty. 650.


Case for iPhone 6S, iPhone 6. Qty. 60.
Case for iPhone 6S Plus, iPhone 6 Plus. Qty. 20.
Case requirements include:
- Standard model: Standard case for all 3 iPhone models (iPhone 5s, 6, and 6+)
- Color: black or gray
- CAC Reader compatibility: case must be compatible with the Thursby iOS CAC
reader. In order to be compatible with the CAC reader the bottomof the case
cannot have individual cutouts for the charger and headphone plugins or have an
extended edge along the bottom of the case.
- Screen protection: case must provide protection to the screen via a flip case
or an extended edge along the screen area of the case.

Set Aside: Total Small Business

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 316

Contact Details: 9500 MacArthur Boulevard West Bethesda, Maryland 20817-5700

Point of Contact(s): Christopher S. Bezold, contract specialist
christopher.bezold@navy.mil Phone: 3012271878


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 16, 2014, Tuesday

Record 4M orders of iPhones on 1st day

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 296 words


NEW YORK - Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger
iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said
Monday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday
and throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said.
Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores
and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the
previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first
three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the
first 24 hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster
performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores
by holding the phone near the payment terminal.

The phones start at $199 with a two-year service contact.

The new phones will initially be available in the U.S., Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.
Availability will expand to more than 20 additional countries a week later.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to
existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as
iOS 8.

Apple's stock rose 30 cents to $101.96 in midday trading Monday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Sapphire Displays For New iPhone 6?

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 193 words


Good news for users tired of their iPhone screens getting scratched by their car
keys: Apple is preparing to use supertough, scratch-resistant sapphire displays
on the upcoming iPhone 6.

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri says his supply-chain checks in Asia indicate Apple
will use sapphire crystal displays for both sizes of its rumored larger-screen
iPhone 6, but not all versions. He says versions of the 4.7-inch model might use
a mix of Corning Gorilla Glass, the incumbent supplier, and new sapphire
displays from its supply deal with GT Advanced Technologies.

At least one, if not all, versions of the jumbo-sized, 5.5-inch iPhone 6 will
use sapphire displays, he said.

Pricing will be tiered for the iPhone 6 models, he said, but it's unclear how
the sapphire displays might boost pricing.

Arcuri is expecting a traditional September launch for the iPhone 6 as well as a
wearable device.

But Taiwan's Economic Daily News on Tuesday claimed that only the larger
5.5-inch iPhone 6 will include a sapphire display due to production limitations.
The Taiwanese news service said Apple only had enough sapphire displays for the
5.5-inch iPhone 6 and the iWatch wearable.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Apple could pump 80m iphones into the market

SECTION: MOBILE PLATFORMS AND INTEGRATION; Mobile Platforms and Integration

LENGTH: 198 words



HIGHLIGHT: iphone 6 shipments would hit 10 million by end of September.


Apple is reportedly preparing to ship up to 80 million iPhone 6 handsets by the
end of 2014.

The figure stands at 20 million more units than the 60 million iPhone 5 handsets
shipped in 2013.

Digitimes cited inside sources who reportedly said that makers in the supply
chain for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are readying parts and components for the
manufacturing of 80 million smartphones. The sources also estimated 10 million
shipments of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models by the end of September.

That figure beats Samsung's Galaxy S5 first month sales, which reached 10
million in 25 days.

However, the iPhone's sales could be hampered by the exclusion of China as a
first wave recipent of the the phone.

The new flagships go on sale September 19 in the United States and the UK, as
well as several other Western markets.

However, China was left off the list by Apple, something that didn't happen last
year with the release of the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C.
China has yet to get a release date for the new phones.

Apple is keeping hush on the matter, and said: "China is a key market for us and
we will get there as soon as possible."

CBR has reached out to Apple for comment but has yet to receive a reply.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               gethampshire.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHAMP


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 2:44 PM GMT

Apple TV and iPad Pro join tech giant's iPhone 6S announcement;
Apple unveiled its latest products during a huge launch event in California on
Wednesday night

BYLINE: By getsurrey

LENGTH: 740 words


For iPhone and iPad users in our area, the reveal of the new iPhone 6S and 6S
Plus has brought a promise of an improved camera and updated CPU, while the
giant iPad Pro tablet and new Apple TV where "the future is apps".

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

Available in America from September 25, with pre-orders from September 12.

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Available in late October

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       July 9, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Big iPhone 6 leak: Sapphire Crystal display to make new iPhone indestructible

LENGTH: 562  words


In a big leak this week, a video of Sapphire crystal display screen of 4.7 inch
has been posted by Marques Brownlee on YouTube. The short 5 minute video shows
the display screen that is rumoured to be used in the upcoming iPhone 6.

The video has appeared just after Sonny Dickson posted pictures of display glass
covers in both black and white of the upcoming iPhone with a display size of 4.7
inch, via 9to5 Mac.

The iPhone 6 display grabbed by Brownlee appears same as that leaked by Dickson.
Sonny Dickson also posted a short video today showing the display panel and its
strength when bended. Watch the video '(Sapphire) iPhone 6 Glass Bending'

The display screen is a sapphire crystal display that is almost paper thin, and
transparent.

If we look at the leak from May, when picture of a dummy of the iPhone 6 was
posted by the French site Nowhereelse, claiming it will be 6mm in thickness,
packed with a thinner and lighter 2mm battery inside.

The display panel makes us believe that Apple is actually going for a thinner
iPhone this year. The iPhone 5S launched in 2013 was 7.6mm thin. It is however,
not confirm if the new iPhone will be 6 mm in thickness or even thinner.

Durability

Talking about 'Durability', Brownlee plays with the display and tests it against
knife, keys. The sapphire crystal display successfully resists all scratching
and stabbing. The display also perfectly bends, without a scratch or blemish.
But whether Apple has been able to develop curved batteries and other parts for
a curved iPhone, is yet to be known.

"It's almost impossible to scratch the screen with any regular use" says
Brownlee.

iPhone 5 and 5S already uses Sapphire

As of now iPhone uses a sapphire lens in its camera. Remember the purple haze
shade in images in different lighting conditions.

In September end 2012, Techcrunch found that in cases where the bright light
source is outside the frame, a purple tint is showing across the image. READ -
Apple explains iPhone 5 camera fault

What are Sapphire Crystal display screens?

This display screen uses a material called Aluminium oxide compound (AL2 O3)
that makes the beautiful gemstones used in jewelry.

The Sapphire display screens "provide a new level of performance in terms of
durability and improve the user experience by delivering a crystal clear viewing
surface free of scratches throughout  the useful lifetime of the device," says
GT Advanced Technologies. This company showcased these strong display glasses
for phones at the Mobile World Congress in 2013.

In 2013 Pocketnow posted a video about how string the sapphire crystal display
are and how they can be used in phone displays making them resist scratches.
Watch the video 'Sapphire Screen: The Making of A Scratch-Proof Smartphone
Display'

Apple and its Sapphire Crystal display screens?

This companywent into partnership with Apple  in 2014, to open a sapphire plant
in Mesa, Arizona, a MacRumours news report said. This joint effort will "be able
to produce anywhere from 9% to 16% of sapphire displays for Apple's next
generation iPhone", the report claimed.

An analyst Matt Margoils, however looked at the sapphire furnace and chamber
systems ordered by the company and estimated that the company will be able to
produce enough number of display panels for the new iPhone.

If the leaks come out to be true, we are getting an truly indestructible iPhone
6 this year.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                         September 26, 2012, Wednesday

iOS 6 device users report baffling range of Wi-Fi problems;
Wi-Fi disabled, flakey, slow; forums jammed with complaints

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1429 words


Some number of iPhone and iPad users upgrading to iOS 6 are reporting a range of
Wi-Fi problems, as are some iPhone 5users. The solutions, when there are any,
seems as baffling as the problems.

The LTE iPhone experience: What to expect with iPhone 5 The continuing posts at
Apple's tech support site and at online forums show users with existing iPhone
and iPads frustrated by a flurry of different problems, including a "grayed out"
Wi-Fi option, dropped connections, slow connection speeds, and having to connect
manually to a Wi-Fi access point. Separately, there are posts by some owners of
the new iPhone 5, released last Friday, also about Wi-Fi problems.

Confusedly, these are problems that are unrelated to the Wi-Fi glitch last week
when iOS 6 was first released. In that situation, the iPhone or iPad pings an
Apple Website to determine if the device is on a hotel or airport Wi-Fi network
and needs a network "terms of agreement" page. That webpage was temporarily
offline, but its absence prevented a lot of users from getting Wi-Fi access for
a few hours. But it was quickly fixed.

Because of the nature of online postings, it's difficult to see patterns or to
gain a sense of how widespread these problems are. When queried last Friday, an
Apple PR spokesman replied via email "Thanks for bringing this to my attention."
Two follow-up emails asking for a statement from Apple have not been
acknowledged by either of two PR persons contacted.

A typical post on Apple's own support boards is this one from bigfirefighter, in
Ohio, who posted Tuesday morning Sept.25: "I have been through 2 levels of Apple
Support and they can't help, they said they "kicked it up to the engineers".
IPhone 4 updated at the same time as iPad, which works perfectly. Cannot turn on
wifi on the phone since it is grayed out. Did several hard resets, restored
twice, restored to factory settings once, reset network connections twice,
nothing works..."

That post was part of a thread titled "iOS 6 WiFi Disabled" which by Tuesday
afternoon had received 70,496 views, and 835 comments.

Another poster named VeeDom reported the same problem. "I called Apple Care and
told me that they know about this issue and are working on it for a new release
of IOS6 to fix this...Until now, we are stuck!" He added a new twist: "Also,
just found out that aside from the greyed wifi switch, I can't seem to detect my
[iPhone] 4S on my macbook via wifi (using personal hotspot) even if it is
enabled. I'm not sure if it is related to the wifi issue but you may want to
check if yours is working."

Solutions seems as inexplicable as the problems. Kenishialala posted: "I had the
same problem since yesterday but thank goodness it's back now! I've been
restoring my iphone for I can't remember how many times now. But for the nth
time today, it finally worked! The original plan was to downgrade to iOS 5.1.1.
I failed twice so on the third time, I decided to bring back the iOS6. MIRACLE,
I am now able to use the wifi again. Toggle it on and off and connect it to our
Wifi."

By Tuesday afternoon, MacRumors.com forums had 10 separate threads related to
Wi-Fi issues with iOS 6 or the new iPhone 5: such as "Painfully slow WiFi on new
iPhone 5," "WiFi Sync Terrible on iOS 6?," "No WiFi on certain access points,"
and "Persistent WiFi + iOS6." But keep in mind that many of the earlier posts on
these threads are related to the original Web-based Wi-Fi glitch.

New owners of the iPhone 5 frustrated by similar problems, as posts at the
online forums of MacRumors.com show.  Commenter otis123 wrote "My [iPhone] 5 is
having quite a bit of trouble with my AirPort Extreme [access point]. Slow
throughput and its having a hard time staying connected. My other iOS devices
are fine as always, even my 3rd gen iPad on iOS 6."

Another poster, vanc, had a similar experience, with his Apple Airport Express
access point. "Throughput was horrible, and disconnected from my Airport express
constantly. In the same location, my iPhone 4, iPad 1 & 3 all worked perfectly."
His solution: "In order to make iPhone 5 happy, I purchased an Airport Extreme
yesterday and used the existing Airport express as an extender. This solved the
problem perfectly. Now on iPhone 5, I don't have random dropouts and throughput
is inline with my other iDevices."

ZenErik found a wide performance gap between his laptop and the new iPhone: "I'm
getting 10 - 12 Mbps down on my laptop and anywhere between .3 and 10 Mbps on my
iPhone 5. Extremely inconsistent. ping has gone anywhere from 60 - 300 ms. Up
speed has remained between 5 and 6 Mbps for the most part."

One user, urbantekreport, posted a solution -- found at iphone5issues.com -
which restored iPhone 5 performance: "Settings> Wi-Fi > Blue icon next to the
network you're connecting to > Scroll to the bottom > Set your device's HTTP
Proxy to Auto (leave Url blank) After this, try speed test again! Snappy!

It worked for another user, but others said it failed. One of them was danilko1,
who reported that the new iPhone 5 worked "pretty good" out of the box and over
the weekend, but then it failed to connect at work and then at home. "I noticed
GPS was active. I killed all apps. Rebooted. Then not at first, but within 10
minutes, something healed and now it's running good again. This is strange. I
hope it's not a common thing. I hardly ever had to reboot my other iPhones."

WLAN vendors, when they're willing to comment, say they're not seeing any surge
of problems.

"We have upgraded dozens if iOS devcies internally and have not seen any
performance degradation," according to Bruce Miller, vice president of product
marketing, networks, at Xirrus, a WLAN vendor. "We have not received any
communications from our customers with issues related to iOS upgrades either,
either directly into [Tech] Support or via social channels."

Ruckus Wireless and Aerohive also said there have been no problem reports so
far. Cisco declined to comment.

A teacher, identified as bravescoach, started a thread on Apple's site
describing problems at at Indianapolis-area school with 750 students and a mix
of personally-owned mobile devices, though "hundreds" have iPhones and iPads.
The school's Wi-Fi network is based on Cisco Aironet WLAN gear.

"There is definitely an issue where iPhone 4S and iPad 3rd generation devices
are "unable to join network" after updating to iOS 6," he writes. "Needless to
say it is wholly impractical to revert firmware on any of these machines just to
deal with two [types of] devices. Each of these devices were fully capable of
connecting while on iOS 5.1.1."

Other iDevices, including iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod touch 4th gen, and iPad 2
"all work fine." According to this poster "several schools" in the area have run
into problems. His own iPad 3 works, updated to iOS 6, works on his home
network, with a Linksys router, but not on the school's WLAN.

A variety of suggestions have been put forward including resetting or changing
the authentication/encryption being used by the client devices and the network.
But that's not an option for many enterprise WLANs.

Users with working iPhone 5 Wi-Fi are seeing some startling increases in
throughput, as some of the comments above show. This is due almost entirely to
the fact that it now supports Wi-Fi connections over the 5-GHz band instead of
just 2.4 GHz. [see "FAQ: iPhone 5 and 5GHz Wi-Fi"] Xirrus this week has run a
series of tests with the new iPhone 5, connecting to its Wireless Array access
point. One set of tests compared Wi-Fi performance of iPhone 5 on 2.4GHz with 20
MHz-wide channels and on 5GHz with 40 MHz-wide channels. The second set of tests
Wi-Fi performance of the iPhone 4S on 2.4 GHz with 20 MHz-wide channels. Each
test measured the throughput and time to send and receive a 100MB file.

For iPhone 5 on 2.4 GHz: throughput was 42.24Mbps and 19 seconds uploading, and
38.31Mbps and 21 seconds downloading the file.

The iPhone 4S had comparable numbers in 2.4 GHz: 32.18Mbps and 20 seconds
uploading; and 40.23Mbps and 25 seconds downloading.

But on 5GHz, with its uncluttered spectrum and wider channels, the iPhone 5
showed an astounding improvement: throughput was 80.39Mbps and 9 seconds
uploading, and 67.05Mbps and 12 seconds downloading.

At least for non-streaming applications, that kind of speed can prolong battery
life because the radio connection is active for much shorter periods of time for
the same amount of data being transferred.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

New iPhones set off flurry of pre-orders

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 348 words


The new iPhones are selling like hotcakes.

Shortly after Applecs latest phones went up for pre-order on Friday, the major
carriers appeared to have drained their supplies. At a star-studded event at the
Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino on Tuesday, Apple CEO Tim Cook
made official the companycs latest offerings: the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, with screens of 4.7 and 5.5 inches, respectively.

If early reports are any judge, many consumers seem to agree with Apple that
bigger is better. AT&T indicated on its website Friday morning that the iPhone 6
would ship sometime in October, whereas the larger iPhone 6 Plus would not go
out until November. Verizoncs website forecast an Oct. 7 delivery date for the
iPhone 6 and an Oct. 21 arrival for the iPhone 6 Plus.

Sprintcs website appeared to be buckling under high traffic, with a message
advising users: cWe are excited, and now we know you are excited too! There seem
to be quite a few of your trying to get into our online store to see our new
phones and plans. We will be back online soon with a new device, a new plan and
a new way to buy.c

T-Mobilecs website also appeared to be on the fritz Friday morning. Tech blog
Re/code reported Friday that an attempt to order the iPhone 6 Plus generated the
following message: cDue to high demand, your Apple product may not be available
for immediate shipping. Once we are able to complete your order, you will
receive a notification when your product has shipped.c

A spokesman for AT&T told Re/code that the demand for Applecs latest phones
surpasses what the company has seen in the past two years.

Analysts predicted that consumers would clamor for the new phones. Apple has
been slow to embrace the movement for larger screens, but it is a feature many
consumers have shown they want.

cMost of the people things are doing with their phones today really cry out for
a larger screen,c Bob OcDonnell of TECHnalysis Research told the Mercury News at
Applecs event on Tuesday.

Consumers are scrambling to pre-order the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

c

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6s release date and prices - when can you get your hands on Apple's
latest gadget?;
The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been revealed - but when can you get your
hands on them?

BYLINE: By Jeff Parsons

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 367 words


Apple revealed the latest version of the iPhone in front of 7,000 people in San
Francisco last night.

As expected, the world's biggest tech company delivered an 'S' version of its
two current smartphones: the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The two new gadgets will keep the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch sizes of last
year's phones, Apple has added some extra features and improved the performance.

iPhone launch live: FIRST LOOK at the new smart phone

Along with a better camera, new pressure-sensitive display and a brand new
display, Apple also revealed how much it'll cost and when you can get it.

See our round up of the 4 cheapest ways to get your hands on the new iPhones.

Both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus will be available to pre-order from
September 12 at 8.01am. Not long to wait, then.

The actual phones will be released just under a fortnight later on September 25,
2015.

And, if you were under any illusions about how popular this gadget is likely to
be, it turns out people are ALREADY queuing up to be the first to get hold of
one.

Apple has kept the pricing the same as it was for your last year's phones. Which
is to say: they aren't cheap.

The 16GB SIM-free version of the iPhone 6s will set you back £539. The SIM-free
64GB version costs £619 while the SIM-free 128GB is a whopping £699.

That increases if you decide to go for the larger iPhone 6s Plus, which starts
with a SIM-free price of £619 for the 16GB version.

The SIM-free 64GB model is £699 and the top-tier SIM-free 128GB iPhone 6s Plus
costs £789.

The new blower has made improvements to the screen with a new '3D Touch'
feature.

It will register varying levels of pressure, and respond differently depending
on how hard you press it.

Apple has also increased the quality of the camera on the back of the phones to
12-megapixels, improving on the 8-megapixels of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

As well as taking better pictures, the new iPhones will be able to shoot video
in 4K quality - which is four times as detailed as regular high definition
video.

There's also more power thanks to a brand new processor it calls the A9.

It's 70% faster than iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tasks, or 90% on graphics.

Will you be queuing up to buy the new iPhone?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                    September 20, 2014 Saturday 3:49 AM GMT

Belfast's technophiles queue to get first bite at Apple's new iPhone

BYLINE: By Amanda Ferguson

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY AND GADGETS

LENGTH: 181 words


Eager gadget fans in Belfast queued in droves to be the first to get their hands
on the new iPhone 6 (£539-£699) and 6 Plus (£619- £789) which went on sale
yesterday.

At the Apple store in Victoria Square people young and old waited patiently to
purchase the coveted new smartphone. Across the UK many people camped overnight
to be among the first to get their hands on Apple's first tablet-style iPhone
with a screen measuring 5.5-inches diagonally.

The iPhone 6 Plus is the biggest ever iPhone, but it is thinner than the iPhone
5s.

Where the iPhone 5s was 7.6mm thin, the iPhone 6 Plus is just 7.1mm. The iPhone
6 is even smaller at 6.9mm.

Apple says the iPhone is "still comfortable to hold and easy to use".

Meanwhile, Irish band U2 have come in for criticism from 'Bono bashers' across
the globe for the band's decision to accept a multi-million pound deal with
Apple, who then gave away their new album - Songs Of Innocence - for free on
iTunes.

Some angry Apple customers have complained that they could not remove the band's
free album download easily if they did not want to have it.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             August 23, 2015 Sunday

Apple offering free repairs for faulty iPhone 6 Plus camera

LENGTH: 211  words


By tbreak Staff -

Apple will be offering free repairs for faulty iPhone 6 Plus camera, due to the
recent complaints that have risen up regarding the blurry images.

Apple has stated that a small percentage of their devices have had a faulty
component which leads to the blurry image problem that is faced by some users.
The iPhone 6 Plus models in question were sold primarily between September last
year and January this year. Users can log on to the Apple website where an
online tool can tell you if your device has the faulty parts by entering the
phone's serial number. The online tool also lists nearby authorized sellers or
Apple stores nearby, where the user can drop the phone. Once the phone is
dropped at one of these stores, the users are eligible to a free repair.

The iPhone 6 Plus was released last September along with its sister phone, the
iPhone 6, and were the hottest selling phones during last year and the first
quarter of 2015. The iPhone 6 was renowned for its amazing camera which was also
the prime focus of Apple's 'Shot on iPhone 6' campaign earlier this year.

Apple's iPhone has been a major part of the company's success over the years.
Apple is expected to release the next flagship, Apple iPhone 7, during the IFA
conference coming September.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2015 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in India

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16% cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in
what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs 55,000,
according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity. The
price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of both models.
The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices between
launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Below is the approximate prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on one of the
country's biggest e-commerce website:

* iPhone 6S (16GB): Rs 48,499

* iPhone 6S (64GB): Rs 62,849

* iPhone 6S (128GB): Rs 74,940

* iPhone 6S Plus (16GB): Rs 61,999

* iPhone 6S Plus (64GB): Rs 75,499

* iPhone 6S Plus (128GB): Rs 85,999

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                    September 9, 2015 Wednesday 2:04 PM GMT

iPhone 6s rumours suggest new Apple smartphone will feature motion wallpaper as
release date nears;
The rumour has been sparked by a leaked image of the supposed packaging for
Apple's iPhone 6 smartphone

BYLINE: By Jon Livesey

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 609 words


The soon-to-be-unveiled iPhone 6s will include a motion wallpaper feature.

At least that's according to rumours sparked by a leaked picture of the
packaging for Apple's latest smartphone.

The image, which has emerged via website MacX ahead of today's official launch,
is similar to pictures of the apparent iPhone 6s Plus box, which were shared
last month.

Like the iPhone 6s Plus box, it features a koi-like fish against a white
surface.

And, according to macrumours.com, it has given rise to yet more rumours that the
updated handsets will include a motion wallpaper feature.

It is thought that the motion backgrounds will be similar to the dynamic
wallpapers introduced by Apple with iOS 7 and resemble those on the Apple Watch.

Sources suggest images will include impressive and detailed scenes ranging from
fish in a koi pond to different coloured smoke clouds.

Is this a tantalising glimpse of the iPhone 6s?

Tantalizing glimpse of iPhone 6s or 7 leaked online

The iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus smartphones are expected to be unveiled at a
launch event later today.

The event will take place at the Bill Graham auditorium in San Francisco at 6pm
UK time. For those in California, it'll be happening at 10am.

Apple is also set to unveil a king-size, 12.9in iPad and a 12.2ins iPad Air Plus
to take on Microsoft's 12ins Surface Pro 3. A cheaper gold Apple Watch is also
on the cards.

The tech giant will be providing a live stream of the event, but it will only be
available to watch on Mac computers or iPhones and iPad mobile devices.

You can also follow the action at Mirror.co.uk.

Watch the iPhone 6s launch via the Mirror.co.uk stream HERE from 7pm.

Here are the rest of the rumoured iPhone announcements and features:

As in previous years, we expect Apple to reveal two versions of the new iPhone
at the same time.

Like it did with the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, we could see two different
sizes to appeal to two different types of customer.

Apple is hardly alone in this approach - Samsung has recently launched two new
super-sized smartphones for those who like their phones a little bigger.

Apple's Force Touch feature was developed for the Apple Watch and works as a
wholly new type of input method.

You press down on the screen with a little more force, and it activates a
different action.

It's heavily tipped to be the standout new feature of the iPhone 6s.

So far, this hasn't been widely implemented - but with an arrival on the
iPhone's big screen developers could find some unique usages for the new
feature.

Apple has continuously updated the processors in its new phones and this year is
likely to be no exception.

Many rumour sites are suggesting Apple has built an "A9" processor that would
give the new iPhone the same power as the iPad Air 2.

Meanwhile, battery life will be improved as well. Apple is reportedly using
contoured, layered battery stacks to squeeze as much power into the body of the
new phone as possible.

Once paired with the company's efficient new iOS 9 software, the length of usage
time should be much improved over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple largely stays out of the camera arms race that other manufacturers follow.
That being said, the new iPhone is expected to boast a 12-megapixel rear facing
camera.

That will be a big step up considering all the iPhones going back to the iPhone
4s have used 8-megapixel cameras.

Another expectation is that the front-facing camera will, for the first time,
shoot 1080p high definition footage.

Apple brought out a rose gold version of the Apple Watch.

According to pictures leaked onto the internet, will be doing the same with the
iPhone.

Will you be following Apple's iPhone 6s event?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday

Samsung takes a jab at iPhone 6 by showing durability of Galaxy Note 4

LENGTH: 203  words


Samsung has been rolling out aggressive anti-iPhone 6 ads of the Galaxy Note 4
for a while now, and the latest ad shows just how durable and hip-proof is the
Galaxy Note 4. This is obviously aimed at the bending characteristics of the new
iPhone 6. We can see Samsung demo the rigorous tests, including [...]
The post Samsung takes a jab at iPhone 6 by showing durability of Galaxy Note 4
appeared first on tbreak.ae.

Samsung has been rolling out aggressive anti-iPhone 6 ads of the Galaxy Note 4
for a while now, and the latest ad shows just how durable and hip-proof is the
Galaxy Note 4. This is obviously aimed at the bending characteristics of the new
iPhone 6. We can see Samsung demo the rigorous tests, including the three-point
bend test, and a 100Kg man sitting on top of the GN4 at 100 times to prove the
durability.

The Galaxy Note 4 is built around a metal frame with magnesium brackets and the
parts are mutually reinforced. Samsung isn't the only one campaigning against
the iPhone 6, Microsoft has been rolling out videos trying to please us just how
good is Cortana against Apple's Siri assistant.

The post Samsung takes a jab at iPhone 6 by showing durability of Galaxy Note 4
appeared first on tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

@New screen S/C head;Apple's iPhone 6 proves tough to bend

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 290 words


@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

@BY New Paper/Agency;Bloomberg

@BY New Dateline;San Francisco

@BT New Screen/briefs Text - no indent;

Apple's new iPhones, facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, proved
difficult to bend and fit for daily use in lab tests run by Consumer Reports
magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC's HTC One M8 and Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 were among the other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it is sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare".

Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a bent iPhone 6 Plus, the company
said in a statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 41 kilos of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 31.7 kilos was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 68
kilos. All devices withstood 25 kilos, the force needed to break three pencils,
the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports said.

"Both iPhones seem tougher than the Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 14-centimetre screen device, which is the biggest
smartphone in Apple's line-up, became available for sale last week, along with
the other new model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 makes strong debut

LENGTH: 278  words


Thais have proved second to none when it comes to adopting new gadgets after all
55,000 units of the new iPhone 6 sold out within hours of its preorders.

True Corporation allowed preorder customers to pick up the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus at its CentralWorld shop at midnight Friday.

Advanced Info Service Plc, the largest mobile operator, and Total Access
Communication Plc which operates the DTAC brand, also said their quotas were
filled within minutes after they started accepting preorders on Oct 24,
according to a Matichon Online report.

Papon Ratanachaikanont, a group executive director of True Corp, said the iPhone
6 had attracted more interest than its predecessor iPhone 5s, with all 20,000
iPhone 6 units sold out in one third of the time it took for the previous model.

True will have the new model for sale at its shops from Nov 3.

"True Move H recorded the highest iPhone sales and as a country on Apple's tier1
list, there will be no shortage of the products," he said.

Thitipong Kiewpaisal, AIS's vicepresident for marketing, shared the same view,
saying the iPhone 6 sold more quickly than its predecessor.

"Negative news about bending body and explosion has not affected sales," he
said.

AIS sold 15,000 units at the launch.

DTAC senior vicepresident Pakorn Pannachet said the company sold all 20,000
units of its quota in two hours but customers could start buying them at DTAC
centres now.

"Initially, there might be a shortage but it shouldn't last long given
Thailand's status on Apple's tier1 list. DTAC hopes to sell 100,000 units of the
model over the next 12 months," he said.

The iPhone 6 handsets are priced 24,60037,300 baht depending on capacity.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kashmir Monitor (India)

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Apple may not launch the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 this year: Report

LENGTH: 257 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, July 16 -- Apple may not launch its highly-rumoured 5.5-inch iPhone 6
this year. According to an Apple Insider report citing KGI Securities analyst
Ming-Chi Kuo, who has a proven track record of revealing Apple's future product
plans, the release of the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 model could be postponed to 2015 due
to production issues. The company, however, is expected to unveil only a
4.7-screen version of the iPhone 6 this fall, probably in September.

"Apple is already facing production bottlenecks on the 4.7-inch model related to
the new technology for the device's in-cell touch panel, as well as colour
unevenness on the redesigned "iPhone 6" metal casing. Those problems are said to
be even worse with the larger 5.5-inch model," said the report quoting Kuo.

Both iPhone 6 screens are expected to use in-cell touch panel technology - built
into the screen and allowing for thinner construction than with standard touch
panel films - that was introduced with the iPhone 5, the sources said.

Apple is expected to unveil only a 4.7-screen version of the iPhone 6 this fall,
probably in September.

Industry watchers have said increasing the iPhone's screen size from 4 inches
would help Apple regain market share from competitors such as Samsung
Electronics Co Ltd, who they say have responded to consumer desire for more
screen size.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Kashmir Monitor. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Kashmir Monitor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   amNewYork

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Long lines at Apple store for iPhone 6 drop

BYLINE: Alison Fox and Sarah Allam, amNewYork, New York

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Sept. 18--Scores of people were lined up in front of Apple's Fifth Avenue store
on Thursday in what has become somewhat of a tradition, the day before the tech
company releases its newest iPhones.

The line stretched around the corner as dozens gathered in hope of being the
first to get their hands on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Moon Ray, 25, was
first in line and had been there for 18 days.

"I'm getting two phones: the iPhone 6 for me and the iPhone 6 Plus for my
husband," said Ray, who travelled to New York from the south for the sole
purpose of getting the phone. "We brought solar chargers, thermal mats, and
inflatable chairs and mattresses.

"We also got a membership at the YMCA so we can shower," she added.

The new phone comes in two sizes, both bigger and thinner than the earlier
editions: a 4.7 inch version and a 5.5 inch "Plus" model. They also boast a
better screen resolution, longer battery life and a higher-quality camera.

While the excitement over the 6 pales compared to the buzz the first-ever iPhone
garnered, people still camped out for days.

Queens resident Luis Lorenzo, 40, set up outside the Fifth Avenue store to buy
an iPhone 6 Plus in gold.

"I brought my weather gear, my umbrella, my sleeping bag, my tarp," he said.
Lorenzo has been there for two weeks and two days.

___ (c)2014 amNewYork Visit amNewYork at www.amny.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140918-YN-Long-lines-at-Apple-store-for-iPhone-6-drop-0918-20140918

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YN


                            Copyright 2014 amNewYork


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 13, 2015 Tuesday

Gurgaon-based Grofers gears up to deliver new iPhones at the doorsteps of buyers

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Oct. 13 -- Hundreds of Apple fans in India will be able to get hold of
the much-awaited iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus on the same day of the launch this
year.


 Hyper-local delivery app Grofers, which allows consumers to order products
online across categories from groceries to smartphones and get them delivered to
their doorstep within a few hours, has taken the hyper-local delivery to a next
level.
 The Gurgaon-based start-up has tied up with Reliance Digital to deliver iPhone
6s to its customers at midnight on Friday when the Cupertino-based Apple Inc
launches the smartphone in India. The base price of iPhone 6s is pegged at
[#x20b9]62,000 while that for iPhone 6s Plus is [#x20b9]92,000.
 Tiger Global-backed Grofers, which recently entered the electronics category,
is exclusively starting midnight deliveries of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
in eight cities. This will be for the first time in India that iPhones will be
delivered at the doorstep of the customer on the midnight of the launch in India
- October 15.
 Dhruv Arora, Category Head for Electronics at Grofers, said, "Many speak about
standing in lines around iPhone launches, but the majority gives up on the idea
because of the given constraints around late night, assured availability, etc.
This will be the first for India and probably the world that iPhones will be
delivered within minutes after the midnight launch. Several people from senior
management along with other employees will be personally delivering the iPhones
at midnight."
 Arora added that ever since the app has taken pre-bookings of iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6s, the traffic and overall engagement on the app has gone up by 30 per
cent.
 "We have grown 200 per cent in the number of net orders since the previous
month in the electronics category. We got our first 2 pre-bookings of iPhone 6
in the first 3 minutes. And 80 per cent of our consumers who have booked iPhones
have opted for midnight deliveries on October 15," he added. He, however, did
not give out any figures on the number of bookings received for the iPhones.
 Aiming high
 Apple, which is looking to set up a manufacturing base in India in
collaboration with Foxcon, is looking to surpass the 55,000 sales number it had
achieved last year during the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this year
through a mix of online and offline sales strategy.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Globe to offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus

SECTION: Pg. S2/8

LENGTH: 130 words


GLOBE TELECOM announced it will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most
advanced iPhones ever, beginning on Nov. 6.

iPhone 6s 16GB will be available on Plan 1799 with P450 monthly cashout. iPhone
6s Plus 16GB will also be available on Plan 1799 with P650 monthly cashout.
iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 5s will also be available.

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus bring a powerful new dimension to iPhone's
revolutionary Multi-Touch interface with 3D Touch, which senses force to enable
intuitive new ways to access features and interact with content.

On Plan 1799, customers can enjoy a best-value postpaid plan package with bigger
data allocation and free access to exclusive content for a complete digital
experience.

For more information on iPhone, visit www.apple.com/iphone.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Dozens line up for iPhone 6

BYLINE: Jennifer Hall, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Sept. 20--Dozens of people lined up for the new iPhone 6 Friday.

AT&T unveiled what some consider the biggest advancement in iPhone history.
Customers started camping out at the store in The Shoppes at North Village
shortly after 10 p.m. Thursday. The store opened at 8 a.m. Friday.

"We knew we were in for a big day when, last Friday, that was the first day for
presale orders, and we set a record for iPhones on any single day," said Michael
Chambers, regional director of external affairs for AT&T. "And that was the
first day it was available."

The company released two models of the newest phone. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, which includes iOS 8, feature 4.7- and 5.5-inch displays with innovative
technology. Apple designed the new phones with advanced iSight and FaceTime HD
cameras, advanced speed and efficient wireless technologies and Apple pay.

It was all too tempting for Emily Hendricks. She and her mother got in line
outside the store at The Shoppes at around 5 a.m.

"She's a die-hard Apple fanatic," Ms. Hendricks said of her mother. "I have to
admit, I love the phones, too. I just like the simplicity of them and
everything."

AT&T would not disclose how much inventory their stores will have, but Mr.
Chambers said he anticipated the North Shoppes location would sell out by noon
on Friday.

Jennifer Hall can be reached at jenn.hall@newspressnow.com Follow her on
Twitter: @SJNPHall.

___ (c)2014 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140920-JM-Dozens-line-up-for-iPhone-6-0920-20140920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2014 St. Joseph News-Press


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Voice & Data

                                October 8, 2016

Jio offers new iPhone users free service for 12 months

BYLINE: Sanjeeb Kumar Sahoo

LENGTH: 425  words


NEW DELHI: Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio Infocomm will offer iPhone 7 and
iPhone 7 Plus, along with complimentary services of Jio Digital Services for 12
months.

"Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in India. Jio
announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best, most advanced
iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and water
resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is the
most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life ever
in an iPhone," said Reliance Jio Infocomm, the wireless arm of Reliance
Industries Ltd (RIL).

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio.

"Jio is India's 4G-only network, providing high-speed internet across India. The
true power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the
Jio network," he said.

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

"Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications," it said.

"All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone
7 plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans," it added.

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

"IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability," the company said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


            Copyright 2016 Voice & Data, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Phone camera face-off

SECTION: DIGITAL LIFE; Spotlight

LENGTH: 255 words


Since the original iPhone was launched, no other smartphone camera has come
close to matching Apple's flagship mobile device in speed, details, colours and
ease of use.

Until now.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 came close last year to matching the iPhone 6 Plus in
camera smarts.

Now, with the cameras in its Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 edge, Samsung has done it.
With their f1.9 aperture, the cameras in both S6 devices do better than that of
the iPhone 6 Plus, especially in low light.

The difference in daytime results is not as marked. But the S6's 16MP camera
delivers greater details than the camera in the iPhone 6 Plus.

When Samsung simplified the user interface, options to record video in slow and
fast motion are no longer buried under pages of menus.

These following images were shot with default settings and HDR off.

By Sherwin Loh

Samsung Galaxy 6

iPhone 6 Plus

Image Set 1

This indoor shot of Seletar Mall shows the prowess of the f1.9 aperture of the
lens of the Samsung Galaxy S6's camera, compared with f2.2 on the iPhone 6 Plus.

A wider aperture allows more light in, producing brighter images in low-light
conditions.

In the shot from the Galaxy S6, all levels of the mall are well lit, whereas the
image from the iPhone 6 Plus has a blue tinge.

Samsung Galaxy 6

-- ST PHOTOS: SHERWIN LO

iPhone 6 Plus

Image Set 2

Under normal indoor lighting, both cameras produced beautiful shots with great
details and contrast.

The S6 offers a whiter colour balance, giving it a more natural look. The iPhone
image has a more yellowish hue.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Apple Music and updated iPods

LENGTH: 733  words


I have been using Apple Music a fair amount, although last week spent time
catching up with podcasts I had missed while friends were here. During the week,
a number of local users who connect to the internet at home via True were
complaining that Apple Music was connecting badly. I had a look in iTunes on the
Mac and found that "For You" -- perhaps the most significant part of the service
-- would connect, but no music was being played. I also tried the Radio
stations. While Beats 1 connected, the Classical and Alternative music stations
connected but would play no sound (like "For You").

I switched to the iPhone and the results were similar, so I turned off Wi-Fi and
tried with DTAC 4G: perfect. Apple Music and all the radio stations worked as
they should. Suggestions were made that True was using proxy settings not
configured properly for Apple Music. Apple was contacted. Representations were
made to True. The service came back piecemeal and by the weekend users had all
features. Time to subscribe to another service provider.

Around the time that Apple Music went live, updated iPods arrived. The iPod
shuffle had new colours; the iPod nano was given a Lightning port as well as the
colour makeover. Neither, however, was able to connect to Apple Music. The
completely revised iPod touch can, however. I have been trying a 128GB iPod
touch for the last few weeks and love it.

The device has had a complete makeover and it now sports the same 64-bit
processors as the iPhone 6 -- the A8 and M8 -- albeit slightly detuned. The A8
runs at 1.1GHz per core. There are also differences in camera specifications. At
88g, the iPod touch is smaller and lighter than the iPhone 6 (129g). A friend
who is permanently attached to an iPad mini picked it up and asked why there was
no iPhone this size. It fits in the hand (and the pocket) really nicely, plays
all the music I have and it takes really good photographs.

I made some direct comparisons with the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and the iPod
touch. There was little difference in the images each was able to produce. I
tend to use the iPhone 6 for a lot of photography these days, with the iPhone 6
Plus as an alternative, as it is particularly good for movie clips with video
stabilisation. I tried the nimble iPod touch for a few days and found it
well-suited to street shots, to portraits and to classroom work. Like the iPhone
it has slow-motion video, burst mode, time-lapse video and can create
high-resolution panoramas as well as normal video and photo formats.

Controls are familiar to users of iOS devices, but I do not understand why the
screen Off button is on the top of the device (like iPads) while the iPhones
have it on the right side. This caused me (left-handed) problems relearning how
to take screen shots with the new iPhones. I prefer design consistency. Another
missing feature, which I have on the iPad and iPhones, is Touch ID fingerprint
access. Initially I kept trying to unlock the device with my fingers, showing
how much I rely on fingerprint ID.

The lack of a carrier signal should not be a problem for many users,
particularly those in cities. A friend links his iPad mini to AIS Wi-Fi in
Bangkok malls, or via a Samsung phone when the Wi-Fi is unavailable. Likewise, I
have been running the iPhone 6 Plus without a SIM card and use the iPhone 6
Personal Hotspot when needed. I was able to do the same with the iPod touch. At
home, I connect all of the devices to my home Wi-Fi.

Like the new iPod shuffle and iPod nano, the iPod touch comes in 6 colours:
silver, gold, space grey, pink, blue and (Product) red. The pricing makes this
an attractive alternative, particularly when compared to iPhones here, which are
24,900 baht (16GB), 28,900 baht (64GB) and 32,900 baht (128GB). Equivalent iPod
touch prices are 7,200, 10,900 and 14,500 baht. There is also a 32GB model for
8,900 baht.

With iCloud and iTunes syncing I was able to put all of my images from Photos on
the device quite quickly as well as documents for Keynote, Numbers and Pages.
With the adaptors I have, I can run presentations from the iPod in the same way
I do from the iPhone or iPad. I also installed iA Writer, so I can synchronise
writing between Macs and iOS devices, making sure I have the information I need
all the time.

I picked up an Apple Watch last week and am trying it out currently. Next week,
I will outline some of what I have found.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple retains smartphone sales lead ahead of iPhone 6 launch

BYLINE: OLIVER SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 181 words


APPLE'S UK smartphone sales remained steady up to the launch of its new iPhone 6
last month, defying the historical trend of a sales slump ahead of the new
devices release, according to data from Kantar Worldpanel.

The iPhone 5C was the best selling smartphone in the UK during August, with 8.9
per cent share of sales.

It outsold the flagship iPhone 5s with 7.6 per cent and the Samsung Galaxy S5
with six per cent, all despite the imminent arrival of the iPhone 6.
"Historically in the month before a new iPhone is released, we see a drop in
sales share for Apple as users hold out for the new model," said Kantar
Worldpanel ComTech strategic insight director Dominic Sunnebo. "However, Apple
has managed to limit the drop this year with its share of sales dipping just 1.6
percentage points versus July this year - almost half the equivalent drop seen
in 2013 ahead of the iPhone 5 launch."

Kantar said that of the 13.3m iPhone users in the UK around 4m were due for an
upgrade and 85 per cent planned to buy another iPhone.

Over 10m iPhone 6's were sold during its first three days on sale

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                           August 21, 2013, Wednesday

Fresh iPhone 6 concepts: The wraparound and BIG iPhablet;
As iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 fever heats up, so do concept designers

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 195 words


Time could be running short on iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 concept designs if
speculation is correct that Apple has a smartphonelaunch planned for Sept. 10.
But in the meantime, let the last of these great out-of-the box ideas roll.

[IPHONEYS SLIDESHOW: The iPhone 6 & iPhone 5S edition] One fresh take from NYC's
Claudio Guglieri at the Dribbble designers' site is a wraparound iPhone that
features a bezel-free display that literally wraps around the whole phone, even
the sides. The technology to support this, and help a user avoid tapping this
and that on the sides of the phone, would indeed be challenging to perfect.

Others on Dribbble, such as Fabio Basile, have advanced the iPhone 6 Infinity
even further, as seen here.  Another Dribbble designer, Michael Shanks, also
offered up his spin, including a lock screen on the front and icons on the side.

If you're looking for a better and BIGGER iPhone, here's Rav Avni's iPhablet
design. This concept boasts at 6.2-inch full HD display, fingerprint sensor, iOS
7.1, a 10MPand 3.2MP cameras, a choice of eight colors, an A8X chip and more.
What we have here is a tweener that fits in between an iPhone and iPad Mini
size-wise.




LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Mackay in line for iPhone 6

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 310  words



HIGHLIGHT: Queues to get newest technology


Dominick Czakilew

dominick.czakilew@dailymercury.com.au

MACKAY smartphone fans were impatiently lining up ahead of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus launch.

The phones went on sale from 8am yesterday.

From as early as 7am, queues were forming outside phone shops at both Caneland
Central and Mt Pleasant shopping centres.

Michelle Turner was the first person to get connected to the iPhone 6 at
Caneland Central's Telstra store.

"I was so excited," she said.

"I didn't expect to be first.

"So the one hour wait was definitely worth it."

Both Ms Turner and her soon-to-be-married sister Stacey are dedicated iPhoners.

They woke up early yesterday.

Stacey said she wasn't bothered her sister beat her in the challenge.

"We were both excited when we got out of bed," she said.

"Michelle got the phone first, but I got it a few minutes later.

"It's kind of an early wedding present for me."

The anticipation will be contagious as Mackay residents were among the first in
the world to get one of this year's most sought-after smartphones.

Telstra local area manager Madonna Burgess said Mackay residents embraced the
new technology.

"There are few things more exciting than an iPhone launch and we can't wait to
make iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus available to our customers on Australia's
largest and most reliable mobile network," she said.

"Over the years, technology has developed to superstar status, particularly the
smartphone.

"Our phones are more than a mobile now, they are a part of how we connect to the
people and things we love every day."

Three in four Aussie mobile users (76%) own or use a smartphone and almost half
(49%) own or use a tablet.

Forty-three per cent of Australians use both a smartphone and tablet.

DETAILS

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have crisper screens, faster processors and
sharper cameras.

They are also bigger than previous iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 8, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple wants to produce 200-500 million iPhone 6, 6 Plus and Watch, reports

LENGTH: 200  words


Apple sold 10 million handsets in the first weekend of Iphone 6 and Iphone 6
Plus's debut in the market. It also entered the Chinese and Indian market as it
hit the pre-order status on 7th this month and will go on shelves on the 17th
(ahead of festive season sale in India and new year sale season in China).

In China it has witnessed pre-orders for more than 4.85 million new Apple
handsets, according to the Chinese live tracking website JD.com, reports Cult of
Mac. Though figures of the new iPhone bookings in India are yet to arrive, the
handsets  are sure to make it big in India this year.

Amidst this news DigiTimes (via industry sources) report that the Cupertino
giant has asked chipset suppliers to increase the production of chips for Apple
devices, to churn out up to 200-250 million units of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Watch.

The report says "Deducting some 30-40 million units of chips for the Apple
Watch, shipments of related chips will be enough for production of over 200
million units of iPhone 6 devices, meeting Apple's goal of shipping the same
amount of iPhone 6 and iPhone6 Plus, said the sources, noting that Apple is
likely to reach the goal much earlier than expected."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     October 8, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple wants to produce 200-500 million iPhone 6, 6 Plus and Watch, reports

LENGTH: 200  words


Apple sold 10 million handsets in the first weekend of Iphone 6 and Iphone 6
Plus's debut in the market. It also entered the Chinese and Indian market as it
hit the pre-order status on 7th this month and will go on shelves on the 17th
(ahead of festive season sale in India and new year sale season in China).

In China it has witnessed pre-orders for more than 4.85 million new Apple
handsets, according to the Chinese live tracking website JD.com, reports Cult of
Mac. Though figures of the new iPhone bookings in India are yet to arrive, the
handsets  are sure to make it big in India this year.

Amidst this news DigiTimes (via industry sources) report that the Cupertino
giant has asked chipset suppliers to increase the production of chips for Apple
devices, to churn out up to 200-250 million units of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Watch.

The report says "Deducting some 30-40 million units of chips for the Apple
Watch, shipments of related chips will be enough for production of over 200
million units of iPhone 6 devices, meeting Apple's goal of shipping the same
amount of iPhone 6 and iPhone6 Plus, said the sources, noting that Apple is
likely to reach the goal much earlier than expected."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                          November 27, 2013, Wednesday

iPhoneys: Latest, greatest iPhone 6 concepts;
Moving beyond iPhone 5S and 5C, new designs feature bigger screens and more
magic

BYLINE: Bob Brown

LENGTH: 387 words


The newfangled iPhone 6 models envisioned by creative designers around the world
probably won't find their way into productsfor the holidays this year, but at
least you have the new iPhone 5S and 5C to satisfy you for now.

[MORE: iPhoneys - The iPhone 5S & 6 edition] Here's a rundown of the latest
(watch a slideshow version): *This concept from Iskander Utebayev (video by Ran
Avni) shows a smartphone with a wrap-around screen  -- perhaps not far-fetched
since Samsung reportedly has something along these lines in the works for 2014.
Questions remain about how such a device would work, such as how a user would
avoid accidentally cranking the volume up while grasping the sides of the phone,
but we have a feeling there's plenty of time to work out such kinks.

*Fuse Chicken, a smartphone accessories company, let fly an iPhone 6 design
concept as part of a successfully funded Kickstarter marketing campaign for an
all-in-one charger/syncer/stand/dock cable for iPhone 5/C/S. Their vision: An
iPad Air-like iPhone with a 4.9-inch touchscreen, 40% thinner body than the
iPhone 5S, a 64-bit A8 processor, an ultra-thin 1mm screen bezel, a 5mp Facetime
camera and more.

*Not all concepts are about bigger-screened iPhone 6 models: This version from
designer Arthur Reis and videographer Ran Avni shows a 4.2-inch screen with full
HD display, a 12mp rear camera, a speedier A7X processor and a 2X faster GPU,
and better speakers. This design shows a phone 1.1mm thinner than the iPhone 5S
and 20% lighter. And yes, it would come in gold!

*This design from Set Solution boasts a 3D camera, wireless charging, 4.8mm thin
body, 4.7-inch screen, plus a creepy animal/person at the end of the video.

*New gold standard from designers Martin Hajek and Steve Hemmerstoffer (of
French blog www.nowhereelse.fr). This model boasts a 4.8-inch screen in a
tighter package than the iPhone 5S.

*This big but thin (5.3mm) iPhone 6 design from Nikola Cirkovic (out of Serbia)
was posted on the site GrabCad.  *This sleek black design from Adrian Valenzuela
at Gdeluxe.com conjures up thoughts of the Samsung Galaxy Nexus smartphone.

 The designer describes the phone as having a clean slate of glass, no physical
buttons and a smooth edge all around.  The phone would always be "juicing up
energy in your hand" for wireless charging simplicity.




LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Analyst: iPhone sales could be struggling

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 374 words


Cupertino-based Apple tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of tech giantcs iPhone 6
devices may be struggling.

cApple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia,c a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note on Tuesday.ccThe cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for
the new iPhone 6s.c

Overall builds for the iPhone 6 are now estimated to be below 80 million units
for the three months that will end in December and between 45 million to 50
million units for the quarter that will end in March 2016.

In addition, the analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

cIn our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters,c Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, the analysts predicted.

The investment firm maintained an out-perform rating on Apple, despite the
concerns raised by the potential slowdown in iPhone sales.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

cIt is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
businessc growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come,c Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

c

c

Photo caption: Apple CEO Tim Cook holds an iPhone during an event at DeAnza
College in Cupertino

c

The post Analyst: iPhone sales could be struggling appeared first on SiliconBeat
.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off the new
iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch during an Apple special event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple is
expected to unveil the new iPhone 6 and wearble tech. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Fully working iPhone 6 shown off in a video

LENGTH: 164  words


Apple is all set to reveal the iPhone 6 in a couple of days and from the
numerous leaks of different parts and case vendors, we pretty much know what
it's going to look like. While we have seen shots of a "fully assembled" model,
we now have a video of the iPhone 6 showing [...]
The post Fully working iPhone 6 shown off in a video appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Apple is all set to reveal the iPhone 6 in a couple of days and from the
numerous leaks of different parts and case vendors, we pretty much know what
it's going to look like. While we have seen shots of a "fully assembled" model,
we now have a video of the iPhone 6 showing it working. It's a very short video
where a guy demonstrates Touch ID working on the 4.7" iPhone 6 but it does show
that the larger screen will accommodate an extra row of icons as well as an
updated Passbook icon showing what is probably an option to add your credit
cards.

The post Fully working iPhone 6 shown off in a video appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 13, 2016 Wednesday 7:02 AM GMT

Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people;
Taking the guts of the iPhone 6S and squeezing them into the frame of the iPhone
5S is great, but only those who really want a 4in phone should buy one

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1402 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

With the iPhone SE everything that is old is now new again, but is that a good
thing and is a small, 4in smartphone really up to scratch in 2016?

The new iPhone SE comes in at the bottom end of Apple's iPhone range on cost,
below the iPhone 6S and 2014's iPhone 6, a spot typically filled by last year's
model. It's now the only smartphone Apple makes with a screen smaller than
4.7in, which for some could be a big deal. For others it could be a deal
breaker.

iPhone 5, 5S or iPhone SE?

The iPhone SE is the spitting image of the iPhone 5S. The only differences are
that the edges are the same colour and texture as the back of the device, it
comes in rose gold, the Apple logo on the back is shiny, and there's a small
"SE" emblem on the back, reminiscent of the Machintosh SE from 1987.

It's still relatively slender at 7.6mm thick - its hard square edges make it
feel thicker than it is - and it weighs 113g, which is quite light for a
smartphone these days. Then again, it's very small for a smartphone in 2016.

The screen is the same as the 5S, 4in on the diagonal with the same quality
colours, brightness and blacks. Compared to the iPhone 6S the screen is
noticeably weaker, with poorer blacks and vibrancy. It's not a bad screen by any
stretch of the imagination, it's just a good screen from two years ago, which is
exactly what it is.

In the hand the body feels sharp and hard, with unforgiving edges which are only
acceptable because of the phone's diminutive size. The hard edges are easier to
grip than the slippery rounded sides of the iPhone 6S, and particularly the
large 6S Plus, but they hurt my palms after clutching it for an hour or two.

The iPhone SE's closest rival is the excellent Sony Xperia Z5 Compact, which has
a significantly larger 4.6in display, weighs 138g, is 8.9mm thick and has
slightly larger dimensions. Practically no other 4in devices in this high-end
category exist anymore.

Using a 4in screen in 2016 is a compromise. Websites feel very cramped, apps
often leave only a small amount of screen to the content they're trying to
display and buttons can end up very small making tapping them a bit of a
challenge.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 4in 1136 x 640 pixels (326 ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM Storage: 16/64GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9.3
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera, 1.2MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 123.8 x 58.6 x 7.6mm Weight: 113g


                                        Three generations in one device

When you dig into the innards of the iPhone SE things start to get more
interesting. It has a combination of iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S parts.
The processor and graphics chip is an Apple A9 from the iPhone 6S, which makes
it as fast as its bigger brother. It also has 2GB of RAM - double the iPhone 5S
- which makes multitasking or browsing multiple tabs in Safari a lot faster with
less reloading.

Performance is much faster overall than the iPhone 5S and feels similar to that
of the iPhone 6S, apart from the fingerprint sensor, which is pretty slow for a
2016 smartphone costing £350+. It's the same original Touch ID sensor from the
iPhone 5S/6, not the new, much faster Touch ID sensor from the 6S, which is
disappointing.

The iPhone SE's battery life is better than the 6S, mirroring that of the 6S
Plus. Using it as my main device, with hundreds of emails, push notifications,
three hours of browsing and listening to music - without the Facebook app
installed - the iPhone SE lasted a solid working day. I went to bed with 10%
battery left and work up eight hours later with 5%.

Compared to other iPhones, most will see better battery out of the SE, but it
doesn't come close to its closest Android competitor, the Xperia Z5 Compact,
which lasted as long as three days between charges.

Call quality was excellent. I also didn't suffer from the reported Bluetooth
audio issues.

iOS 9

The iPhone SE comes loaded with iOS 9.3, which currently runs on the iPhone 4S
and newer, including the iPhone 5S.

It includes features such as Apple's Night Mode, which reduces the amount of
blue light emitted by the display in the evening to help you sleep. It's the
exact same version running on the iPhone 6S currently and behaves as such, minus
the 3D Touch gestures that the SE does not support.

It's worth noting that iOS works better on smaller devices, where your thumb can
reach all areas of the screen. Activating the Control Center feels more
consistent, as does swapping between apps using the task switcher on the smaller
screen.


     ·    iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?


                                        Camera

The rear camera is the same 12-megapixel shooter as fitted in the iPhone 6S and
performs as such. It's one of the better cameras available on a smartphone, with
good detail and colour balance, but it has been bettered recently by cameras
from Samsung, Sony and Google.

It is a big step up from the iPhone 5S with 4K video recording and Apple's Live
Photos, which are nice to play with but end up being a gimmick that's difficult
to share with non-iPhone users.

The 1.2-megapixel selfie camera, however, is the same as that fitted to the
iPhone 5S and is distinctly worse than the rear camera or that fitted to the
iPhone 6S, which is a shame. It will shoot decent selfies in good light, but
struggles in low-light conditions.

Price

The iPhone SE is available in four colours and two storage options costing £359
for 16GB of space and £439 for 64GB of space.

For comparison, the iPhone 6S costs £539, the iPhone 6 costs £459 and the Sony
Xperia Z5 Compact costs £300.

Observations

     ·    It took a full phone reset to get iCloud Music/iTunes Match to work
          properly, which was deeply irritating.
     ·    Do not buy the 16GB version unless you can help it. 16GB of storage
          will rapidly be filled up with apps, videos, music and photos.
     ·    The iPhone SE will fit in any cases and take any accessories designed
          for the iPhone 5S or 5
     ·    Apple Pay is supported, unlike the 5S
     ·    Compared to larger phones the SE feels more robust
     ·    Typing on the 4in screen is quite fiddly and slow - my thumbs clashed
          on the tiny keyboard
     ·    My hands started to cramp after half a day trying to grip the small
          phone
     ·    The hard edges were sore on my palms and are a downgrade over the
          iPhone 5S. Stick it in a case.
     ·    The iPhone SE lacks 3D touch and the Taptic engine from the iPhone 6S,
          which means many of the new gestures built into iOS9 for swapping
          between apps etc are not available.


                                        Verdict

The iPhone SE is one of the best of the very few small phones still available.
It would be a significant downgrade from an iPhone 6, isn't a quantum leap over
the iPhone 5S and should only really be considered if size is the overriding
factor.

It might make a good first iPhone, but it feels like a step backwards - the 4in
screen is very small for browsing, viewing photos, apps, games and typing.
Smartphones, and what we consume on them, have moved on in the four years since
a 4in iPhone was first unveiled, and the iPhone SE feels much less engaging than
a 6S.

It is much more pocketable, easier to grip and costs less, but it still isn't a
"budget" iPhone and is still relatively expensive compared to competing
smartphones from other manufacturers.

Pros:  one-day battery, good rear camera, decent screen, easy to hold, easy to
fit in a pocket, fits in existing iPhone 5 accessories  Cons: very small screen,
edges are hard on hands, looks like an iPhone 5 or 5S, selfie camera isn't
great, no expandable storage or removable battery

Other reviews

     ·    iPhone 6S review: a very good phone ruined by rubbish battery life
     ·    iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus
     ·    Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review: arguably the best smaller smartphone
     ·    Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge review: this is the smartphone to beat


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                              Australian3 Edition

New Apple models have time on their side

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 458  words


TRUST in Apple's brand and its innovative skills should see the new Apple Watch
become a major success, analysts say.

Apple yesterday announced two larger iPhone models, the iPhone 6 with a 4.7-inch
screen, and the iPhone 6 Plus with an even larger 5.5-inch display. It also
launched an Apple Watch that monitors activity and health and relays
notification information from a connected iPhone, among a swag of applications.

Both iPhone 6 models have fine screen resolutions, Apple's new faster A8
processor, and near field communication chips that let the phones be used for
mobile payments.

An M8 co-processor that remains on even when the phone is asleep manages
activity monitoring sensors. The sensors include a barometer that measures
activity-related altitude changes such as when climbing steps.

The release of both iPhone models a year after the iPhone 5S launch could not
have come quickly enough for Apple, which has risked losing market share to
updated models by rival Android competitors such as Samsung, LG and Sony.

The two iPhones will sell from next Wednesday and pre-orders begin tomorrow.
Figures by Australian market research firm Telsyte published in June found that
Apple risked losing almost half its potential iPhone 6 customer base if it
pumped out another iPhone with roughly the same screen size as the iPhone 5 or
5S with a 4.0-inch display.

With larger iPhone models now announced, Telsyte managing director Mr Fadaghi
yesterday predicted Apple would sell about 1.5 million iPhone 6 units by year's
end - about 100,000 a week for the rest of the year.

But he said Apple's Australian pricing, where only the iPhone 6 16GB model comes
in below $999, might be a problem.

Apple Watch features a rectangular display with curved edges, a choice of
leather, rubber and metallic bands, and there are three variants: a standard
Apple Watch, a sports version and a premium Apple Watch Edition with 18 carat
gold. The watch comes in two sizes.

Its most ingenious feature is a "digital crown", which looks like an old
fashioned circular watch winder. It works differently with different apps.

For example, it zooms the screen in and out when a user views a map. It also
lets a user select their choice in a drop-down menu, or select the home screen
of apps. A wearer also can interact with the watch by tapping or pressing the
screen, or by using Apple personal assistant Siri's voice recognition
capability.

Mr Fadaghi said Telsyte believed Apple Watch would help the company attract and
retain new iPhone customers.

Another research firm, Forrester, said that once fully launched, Apple Watch
would dominate the wearables market through next year.

But Apple chief executive Tim Cook said the watch would not sell until next
year.

PERSONALâ[#x20ac][0/00]OZ P10

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Australian Edition

New Apple models have time on their side

BYLINE: Chris Griffith

SECTION: THENATION; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 458  words


TRUST in Apple's brand and its innovative skills should see the new Apple Watch
become a major success, analysts say.

Apple yesterday announced two larger iPhone models, the iPhone 6 with a 4.7-inch
screen, and the iPhone 6 Plus with an even larger 5.5-inch display. It also
launched an Apple Watch that monitors activity and health and relays
notification information from a connected iPhone, among a swag of applications.

Both iPhone 6 models have fine screen resolutions, Apple's new faster A8
processor, and near field communication chips that let the phones be used for
mobile payments.

An M8 co-processor that remains on even when the phone is asleep manages
activity monitoring sensors. The sensors include a barometer that measures
activity-related altitude changes such as when climbing steps.

The release of both iPhone models a year after the iPhone 5S launch could not
have come quickly enough for Apple, which has risked losing market share to
updated models by rival Android competitors such as Samsung, LG and Sony.

The two iPhones will sell from next Wednesday and pre-orders begin tomorrow.
Figures by Australian market research firm Telsyte published in June found that
Apple risked losing almost half its potential iPhone 6 customer base if it
pumped out another iPhone with roughly the same screen size as the iPhone 5 or
5S with a 4.0-inch display.

With larger iPhone models now announced, Telsyte managing director Mr Fadaghi
yesterday predicted Apple would sell about 1.5 million iPhone 6 units by year's
end - about 100,000 a week for the rest of the year.

But he said Apple's Australian pricing, where only the iPhone 6 16GB model comes
in below $999, might be a problem.

Apple Watch features a rectangular display with curved edges, a choice of
leather, rubber and metallic bands, and there are three variants: a standard
Apple Watch, a sports version and a premium Apple Watch Edition with 18 carat
gold. The watch comes in two sizes.

Its most ingenious feature is a "digital crown", which looks like an old
fashioned circular watch winder. It works differently with different apps.

For example, it zooms the screen in and out when a user views a map. It also
lets a user select their choice in a drop-down menu, or select the home screen
of apps. A wearer also can interact with the watch by tapping or pressing the
screen, or by using Apple personal assistant Siri's voice recognition
capability.

Mr Fadaghi said Telsyte believed Apple Watch would help the company attract and
retain new iPhone customers.

Another research firm, Forrester, said that once fully launched, Apple Watch
would dominate the wearables market through next year.

But Apple chief executive Tim Cook said the watch would not sell until next
year.

PERSONALâ[#x20ac][0/00]OZ P10

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Apple found to have violated patent rights; Newest iPhones similar to Chinese
smartphone, Beijing agency rules

BYLINE: David Ramli, Calgary Herald

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 493 words


Apple Inc. violated the design patents of a Chinese device maker and may have to
halt sales of its latest iPhones in Beijing, the city's intellectual property
authority ruled. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus infringe on Shenzhen Baili's
patent rights because of similarities to its 100C phone, the Beijing
Intellectual Property Office wrote in its decision. Apple, whose iconic gadgets
helped define the modern smartphone industry, said it's appealing the ruling and
is continuing to sell various iPhone 6 models during the process.

"IPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as well as iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE
models are all available for sale today in China," Apple spokeswoman Kristin
Huguet said in an emailed statement. "We appealed an administrative order from a
regional patent tribunal in Beijing last month and as a result the order has
been stayed pending review by the Beijing IP Court."

While the decision covers only Beijing, future lawsuits against Apple could take
the case as a precedent, potentially influencing the outcomes of litigation
elsewhere in China.

Baili is one of scores of smartphone brands trying to cash in on the country's
mobile boom.

Xu Guoxiang, the inventor who holds the patent and listed as a Baili
representative, did not answer calls seeking comment.

Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets in New York, said he doesn't think
the impact of the Chinese ruling is meaningful.

"We believe there have been several prior cases against U.S. companies ruled in
favour of local companies by lower courts that were later overturned by higher
courts," Long wrote in a note to clients.

"We have seen dozens of court decisions banning different smartphone products
over the years in many different countries. We are not aware of one ever that
has resulted in an actual injunction." The ruling by the agency - which
administers matters involving patents in Beijing - is the latest in a series of
setbacks for Apple in its largest market after the U.S. Its book and movie
services were blocked in April for violating foreign publishing regulations. In
2013, state media accused the company of shoddy customer service and inadequate
warranties, prompting an apology from Apple CEO Tim Cook.

Last month, it lost its fight to keep the "iPhone" exclusive to its products
after a Beijing court ruled that a little-known accessories maker can use the
label for a range of wallets and purses. And in 2012, Apple paid US$60 million
to Proview International Holdings Ltd. to settle a dispute over the right to the
iPad name in China.

Apple has relied on the world's second-largest economy to sustain its pace of
growth, though it has begun to experience a slowdown. For the three months ended
March 26, revenue in Greater China, which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan, fell 26
per cent to US$12.5 billion. Cook has pledged to continue investing despite an
economic deceleration. Bloomberg !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ng Han Guan, Associated Press; Apple Inc. says it will appeal a ruling
by the Beijing Intellectual Property Office that its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
devices infringe on the patents of a Chinese smartphone maker. Apple will
continue selling the phones pending an appeal.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Offline retailers may boycott iPhone 6 as iPhone 5S being offered at discounted
prices on e-commerce sites like Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 885 words


NEW DELHI: Some mobile phone retailers have threatened to boycott Apple's
much-awaited iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models after their expected pre-Diwali launch
because they are miffed that the iPhone 5S is being offered at heavily
discounted prices on popular e-commerce sites Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal.

According to sellers that ET spoke to, some of the 1.5 lakh retailers claimed
they have returned their iPhone 5S models, saying they can't compete with the
discounts, which have lowered the price of the device to less than their cost.

"All over India, there is a huge uproar and heartburn among retailers against
online sellers since their business and reputation is being lost," said Subhash
Chandra, managing director of retail store chain Sangeetha Mobiles, adding that
offline sellers were adversely affected as customers were increasingly going
online.

A top executive at another retailer told ET that if things stay as they are, he
would neither display nor sell the Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus. Apple products are
distributed in India by Redington and Ingram Micro. ET could not independently
confirm whether retailers had returned iPhone 5S models. Apple didn't respond to
emailed queries seeking comment.

An executive close to dealings at Apple India said the company hasn't authorised
marketplaces such as Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal to sell iPhones in India.
Infibeam is the sole authorised online seller for iPhones while Flipkart is
authorised to sell iPads and iPods.

The emergence of online retailing and its pricing benefits and the rift created
with traditional sales channels exists in other global markets as well, for
instance, when Amazon started operating in the US.

In India, where the online retail growth story has only just begun, about 12-14%
of mobile phone sales are being diverted from offline retailers on a monthly
basis, according to research firm Convergence Catalyst. This will only increase
as Internet penetration spreads and e-commerce grows.

"There is unrest among retailers, as even brands are supporting online," said
Satish Babu, founder of retail store chain UniverCell Mobiles.

Titu Tanwani, one of the largest distributors of mobile phones in Jaipur, told
ET that many retailers had decided to stop selling iPhones as they were facing
massive flak from consumers who are able to buy the devices online at much lower
prices.

"The price difference is as high as Rs 11,000 on some models. Apple is
liquidating stocks of the older models," he said, alleging that the company was
doing so in anticipation of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launch expected next
month. He added that state trade associations, such as that of Rajasthan, were
protesting against the brands.

E-commerce sites show that the 16 GB iPhone 5S, the highest-selling model for
the company in India this year, on offer at betweenRs 34,000 and Rs 36,000, as
much as 36% less than the original retail price of Rs 53,500.

The 16 GB iPhone 5S is available on Amazon for Rs 33,999.

Tanwani added that retailers were also rallying against local handset makers.
The retailers are threatening to boycott Micromax, Spice and Karbonn, which have
launched devices backed by Google's Android One platform exclusively online.

Google has partnered with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice to sell Android One
smartphones priced between Rs 6,299 and Rs 6,499, exclusively on the three
e-commerce sites.

Spice didn't respond to ET's queries at the time of writing. "To ensure
convenient access to our devices, our distribution strategy is a judicious mix
of both traditional and new-age sales channels. Retailers continue to be the
lynchpin of our distribution nexus and we would continue to expand our retail
network in the future," Karbonn said in a statement.

A Micromax company spokesperson said all distribution channels will coexist but
consumers should have the choice to buy from any platform they choose. "India is
a huge market and hence different channels are developing to serve the various
consumer segments. As part of our tactical promotions, we might choose a partner
for a particular activity but our strategic intent is a balanced approach
towards all sales channels."

A senior executive from a large format retail chain told ET that he had returned
his Apple phones to distributors in protest, adding that they cannot compete
with prices offered online. "We will be talking to the brands individually, but
I won't hesitate to boycott a brand if I am being treated unfairly."

Several large format retailers, including UniverCell, Sangeetha Mobiles, The
Mobile Store and Spice's Hot Spot, have created an informal association that is
trying to sort out the situation and will be speaking to consumers and the
government on the matter, which they say threatens their survival.

However, the existence of e-commerce stores and competition from them are a
reality that none of the retailers can ignore, said The Mobile Store's Chief
Executive Himanshu Chakravarti.

The Essar Group-owned company, which owns more than 800 stores across the
country, plans to partner with e-commerce players to augment revenue and limit
the loss of customers.

Sangeetha Mobiles' online store, ShopNo47.com, launched on eBay India's site
early this month to sell mobile phones, smartphones, tablets and accessories.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            October 8, 2013 Tuesday

Apple Inc's iPhone 6 to have 4.8-inch retina display: Analyst

BYLINE: Muhammad Zulqarnain Zulfi

LENGTH: 228  words


iPhone lovers who always wished to have a much bigger screen might have their
dreams come alive when Apple Inc. launches its most awaited 1Phone 6 as
forecasted by Jefferies analyst Peter Misek.

Soon after the brief meet with the Apple's Asian suppliers, Misek issued a note
to investors on Monday saying the iPhone 6 would offer a 4.8-inch screen.
Obviously a great news as currently the iPhones come with only 4 inch display
screen.

Apple Inc. may unveil iPhone 6 at a top end price of Rs 60,335

Though the analyst did not disclose the reason behind his prediction, he
mentioned in his note that the new screen size would drive a huge number of
upgrades.

"We think the 85M iPhones eligible for an upgrade when the iPhone 6 launches (we
think Apple is targeting Sep 2014) could be boosted by another 5-10M from people
who skipped the 5S/5C cycle," Misek wrote.

On the downside, iPhone 5C sales have been weak, according to Misek. As such,
manufacturing builds are being slashed to 15 million to 20 million from 30
million, he said.

On the plus size, that could lead to an even larger number of upgraders who
gravitate toward the iPhone 6.

In the past, Apple has lost significant market share to the Android phones
having larger display size.

Last year, Apple has raised the display size of iPhone 5 to 4 inches from the
prior 3.5 inches, so time is right for another development.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            August 30, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending August 30;
A muted rainbow, Labor Day madness, plastic, The Cook Legacy

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1216 words


The iOSphere was brightened by a gray beam of light this week: new photos
showing a new color. Though a better name,a more Appleish name, is "graphite."

That's a fourth color for the soon-expected iPhone 5S or 6, along with the jazzy
champagne and traditional slate and eggshell.

Also this week, a resurrected rumor fingers Labor Day as The Day, for the
announcing of the Next iPhone(s), even though Apple seems to be running late
with the invites; the future of plastic bodies for more iPhones and iPads; and
the Human Fly on the Wall explains what Steve said to Tim.

[MORE: 12 crazy good iOS photography apps RELATED: Network World First Look:
Apple's iOS 7] You read it here second.

iPhone 6 or 5S will be a rainbow of colors...a muted rainbow In addition to the
wildly exciting gold, or "champagne" iPhone, we now look forward to the sleek
gray, or "graphite," iPhone, based on still more photos posted by the world
famous Sonny Dickson, of Australia. The photos purport to show a grey-bodied
iPhone "5S", some with a variety of internal components also displayed.

If true, buyers of the rumored iPhone 5S will be able to choose the high-end
iPhone in traditional slate and white, plus champagne and graphite. That much
choice could overwhelm the iOSphere.

Some of the photos reveal the front and back of the graphite phone along with an
array of internal but unidentified components.

In this photo, the third from left is apparently a home button assembly, which
may or may not have an integrated fingerprint scanner somewhere.

iPhone 6 to be released on Labor Day, September 2 Just in time for the holiday,
a recycled rumor claims that Apple will announce the iPhone 6 or whatever it's
called on Labor Day, Tuesday, Sept. 2. Or possibly today or tomorrow.

"Word is going around that Apple may announce the Apple iPhone 6 before the end
of August or early September," writes Mike Johnson at Auto-O-Mobile, without
bothering to give any evidence regarding just where the word is going around.

He makes a passing reference, but no link, to "IBT" which apparently means
International Business Times, a hotbed of rumor mongering.   The only problem
with this idea is that 1) Apple hasn't invited anyone to a Sept. 2 announcement
event; 2) issuing an invite today would miss a lot of people who are already
zipping off on one of the most heavily traveled U.S. holidays; and 3) it's
just...dumb.

Auto-O-Mobile's bio of "Mike" is this: "Mike is the man who reviews gadgets that
aren't mainstream or products that can't exactly be classified as consumer
electronics e.g. portable talking toilets. It's always interesting to read about
the crazy products we have here in Asia that just don't get as much publicity as
they warrant."

This best kind of parody is the unintentional, self-induced kind.

iPhone 6 will be the next Plastic Wonder of the Techworld "Can you imagine the
iPhone 6 encased in a unibody plastic material on its release date?" asks Erik
Pineda, in an International Business Times post. "This possibility is hinted in
Apple's new job listing that specifically hunts for engineers with years of
expertise in plastic moulding."

Pineda picked this up from 9to5Mac, which picked it up from MacRumors, which saw
several Apple job listings that mentioned the word "plastic." Decoding and
demystifying Apple job listings is an iOSpherian skill rivaled only by the
Sight, practiced by Sybill Trelawney, professor of Divination at the Hogwarts
School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.  Pineda figures that since the plastic-bodied
iPhone 5C is already, like, done, then Something Else is afoot for these
positions.

"With the 5C eliminated, the iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 come to mind though leaked
specs of the two tablets so far suggest they are draped in metal case just like
the previous builds," he writes.

What could be left? We're glad you asked.

"It is the phablet-size iPhone 6 then that emerges as the likely recipient of
Apple's growing interest in developing plastic-based materials for its gadgets,"
Pineda triumphantly concludes.

QED, baby.

9to5Mac's Jordan Kahn isn't quite so triumphantly certain but he clearly thinks
the job openings show or suggest or hint or indicate that Apple wants plastic
for more than internal parts that no iGadget owner is every going to see.

"While we know the current iPhone and iPads do use some internal plastic parts,
the job listing also makes mentions of aesthetic requirements as well as
experience in 'plastic materials and design for manufacturing in terms of
geometry and cosmetic quality,'" he writes. "That could be a hint the position
will involve more than just the design of internal plastic parts."

As of this posting, there are three job openings that "could be a hint,"
including "Sr. Materials Engineer - Plastics," "Plastic Tooling Engineer," and
"MDE - Adv. Plastic Tooling and Process." There's no indication whether these
are brand new jobs that didn't exist before, or additional positions related to
plastics, or replacements for existing jobs that have become open.

iPhone 6 and iOS 7 will be the "start of Tim Cook's CEO legacy" "A year and a
half in, and the Tim Cook-era Apple has finally pulled back the curtain on a
product which wouldn't have been if the late Steve Jobs were still running the
company," writes Will Stabley, of the eponymous StableyTimes, a "new kind of
news."

"iOS 7 is a left turn, a change in software design philosophy which follows a
corresponding change in software design architects and accompanies a similarly
new fangled iPhone 6," Stabley declares. "If Jobs had remained in charge at
Apple he'd have continued finding a way to keep the peace between the widely
hated Scott Forstall, whom he valued greatly, and the rest of Apple's leadership
team. Forstall would have remained in charge of iOS design. And the product we
now know as iOS 7 would have had the same name but been an entirely different
product. Actually iOS 7 would have looked pretty much like the last six
versions."

Why iOS 7 is a "left" instead of "right" turn isn't made clear. For all anyone
really knows, it could still represent a direction that Jobs was involved in
setting before he died.

"Jobs told Tim Cook to do whatever he thought was right, rather than trying to
guess what Jobs would have done," Stabley assures us. Stabley may be the Human
Fly of the iOSphere, since most of his observations about what Jobs told Cook
could only have been made by the proverbial fly on the wall.

"Cook did what he felt he had to do, and as a result, Apple has made one of its
biggest left turns in years with iOS 7 and the iPhone 6, more so out of
personnel reasons than strategic ones," Stabley writes. "Its success or failure,
still dependent on the public's fondness for or rejection of the new interface,
is the first move Cook has made which defines his tenure."

The success or failure of Cook's decisions is separate from the decisions, or
moves, themselves. And Cook has made plenty of them since becoming Apple's
president and CEO. What seems to define his tenure above anything else is his
appreciation of kind of company that Jobs created: a company that's perfectly
capable of taking left, or right, turns on its own.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

6 tips on getting social with your new iPhone 6;
Be sure to update your current apps to run with iOS 8.;
SO SOCIAL

BYLINE: ByScott Kleinberg

SECTION: TECH EXTRA; Pg. SA3

LENGTH: 465 words


You finally have your hands on a shiny new iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus.

But if you are one of the lucky ones who will be changing their email signature
to reflect your purchase, you should be as ready as possible to share your
experience on social media. So here are 6 tips to get social on your shiny new
6.

1. More icons. Four more, to be exact. These taller iPhones get an additional
horizontal row, but you still only get 4 icons per row. It means faster access
to the social platforms you share the most, but remember that the icons you
choose to display on your iPhone say a lot about your personality. I'm still
figuring out how I'll organize my new larger screen (I went with the Plus.)

2. Bigger screens mean bigger experiences. So if you didn't love Pinter-est on a
4-inch iPhone, you might love it on a 4.7-or 5.5-inch. Some apps will look the
same or similar, but a new size gives app developers a chance to show off what
they can do. Some people are already calling the iPhone 6 Plus the mini iPad
mini, so think about how that experience could translate into your social media
use and enjoyment.

3. App developers have more freedom in iOS 8: The latest operating system comes
pre-installed on your new iPhone. This means the people who create apps can do
more with Apple's ecosystem. So while we won't know all the possibilities right
away, it means you might see greater sharing abilities to other social
platforms. Remember ages ago back in iOS 6 when Twitter and Facebook were baked
in for the first time? That's still there, but it only gets better from here.

And that brings me to a very important point:

4. Update your current apps: iOS updates mean updated apps. You might have your
iPhone set to do this automatically, but if you don't you need to check the
updates. Also remember that iOS 8 will work with some previous iPhones, so
update even if you aren't upgrading right now.

5. Search the social networking section of the App Store. I try to tell you
about all the new and cool platforms, but I'm constantly amazed by the things
that slip under the radar. Some of these end up being big players. WhatsApp is
my favorite example of this. I remember "discovering" it, and now Facebook has
paid billions to own it.

6. Be careful. People have always used their iPhones while out and about, but
you need to watch your surroundings. There are people out there who would rather
steal yours than wait in a long line. So while a new iPhone with new social
media choices is exciting, always use common sense before tweeting and sharing.

I can't wait to put my new iPhone through the paces, and I'm sure we'll find out
new things together.

What questions do you have about social media?Tweet them to @scottkleinberg with
hashtag #SoSocial.He might select yours foruse in a future column.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

LENGTH: 927  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily USA 09/26/2014 page17)

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

IPhone 6 sets records, but problems quickly emerge

BYLINE: Bloomberg

LENGTH: 926  words


Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Glitches in iOS 8.0.1 operating system bring frustrations to consumers, reports
Bloomberg.

Apple Inc Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone
6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken too
soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service.
It promised a fix soon.

Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend under sufficient pressure.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the California-based
company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally
debuting them on Sept 9.

The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million,
plus the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in
China and elsewhere.

Now, Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from the media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also said he
was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted for
misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent more than two hours on Apple's customer support
line after downloading the software upgrade on Wednesday and finding it stopped
his cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call
me and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept 19, the first day the handsets went on sale
in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc, about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares are up 27 percent this year.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately but now I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt Prospect, Illinois, who has had troubles with his iPhone 4s' alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone on Wednesday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

That was followed by reports from users on Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc, an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches are not unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

(China Daily 09/26/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Buyers Lean Toward iPhone 6 Plus; Supplies Seen As Constrained

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 380 words


With Apple's iPhone 6 Plus on back order online, many Apple fans waited for
hours Friday morning outside stores, hoping to get their hands on one of the
jumbo smartphones when retail sales started.

An IBD survey of 110 customers outside the Apple Store in Reston, Va., Friday
morning found that 73% were there to buy the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The other
27% were looking to get the 4.7-inch iPhone 6, which is still larger than the
4-inch iPhone 5 series phones. Both handsets went on sale Friday in the U.S. and
nine other markets.

The iPhone 6 Plus costs $100 more than the iPhone 6, which starts at $199 with a
two-year wireless contract. Analysts say that the larger phone is likely to have
a higher profit margin because the additional bill of materials is projected to
be less than $100.

Also good news for Apple's profits, customers are leapfrogging the entry-level
models with 16 gigabytes of data storage for models with 64 GB and 128 GB.

Apple stock, however, fell a fraction Friday.

Of the 110 customers surveyed at the Reston, Va., Apple Store, 62% were buying
64 GB iPhone 6 series phones, 18% wanted 128 GB models and 20% wanted 16 GB
models.

Dennis Shanta of Reston said that he needs a 128 GB model because of all the
high-resolution photos and videos he takes with his phone.

"You take a few minutes of video a day, and the storage fills up fast," he said.
Plus those photos and videos are likely to stay on his phone or in Apple's
iCloud because he rarely downloads them to his personal computer.

With the iPhone 6 Plus, some people will ditch their tablets for the big-screen
phone, or "phablet."

"I can get rid of my iPad and put my iPhone and iPad together," said Nino
Miftarovski of Leesburg, Va. "It's perfect."

Asked about Apple's upcoming smartwatch, the Apple Watch, due out in early 2015,
most are undecided on whether to buy one. Of the 110 people surveyed, 46% are
undecided, 36% say that they won't buy one and 18% say that they will. Among the
undecided, many people said that they wanted to check out the product in stores
first or get more pricing info. Apple says that the smartwatch will start at
$349.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White said that he expected "supply-chain
constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus to hold back big sales numbers this
weekend."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 16, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending May 16;
Triple resolution, German vacations, NFC !!!!

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1209 words


Finally, a "rumor" that reads like real reporting: iPhone 6 could "triple" its
base resolution to enable Retina displaypixel densities on larger screen sizes.

Also this week, what Apple's German HR policies on staff vacation reveals about
the iPhone 6 announcement date, and misinterpreting what NFC means to Apple.

You read it here second.

In a fine exclusive for 9to5Mac, Mark Gurman shows how to report "rumors."

"Instead of retaining the current resolution, sources familiar with the testing
of at least one next-generation iPhone model say that Apple plans to scale the
next iPhone display with a pixel-tripling (3X) mode," Gurman writes.

He identifies multiple sources "familiar" with testing a future iPhone.

The pixel triple claim is based on a rather detailed review of the iPhone's
screen resolution history. Essentially, Gurman notes that the current Phone 5s
"with a non-Retina (or "1X") display would have an actual resolution of 568 x
320 (which is the 1136 x 640 resolution divided by 2). We'll call this the "base
resolution" of the iPhone 5/5s/5c."

If this base resolution is tripled, you end up with 1704 and 960, and it's that
resolution that Gurman's sources say is being tested.

Such a move means that the iPhone 6 screen keeps the same 16:9 aspect ratio as
the iPhone 5, iPhone 5s, and iPhone 5c. And in either the rumored 4.7-inch or
5.5-inch screen sizes, both would achieve the pixel density that qualifies as
Apple's definition of its trademarked Retina display (300 pixels per inch or
above): at 4.7 inches, the density is 416 pixels per inch; at 5.5 inches, 356
PPI. 9to5Mac developed a set of screen mockups to show how iOS and some
applications might appear on larger screens with the higher resolution.

As Gurman details, if such a move is in the offing, both Apple and at least a
select group of key application developers will be optimizing at least some
applications to fully exploit the larger screen area and the higher resolution.

"Just like with the transition to the iPhone 4?s Retina display in 2010 and the
transition to the iPhone 5?s taller screen in 2012, Apple is preparing major
resolution changes for the iPhone 6 that will require software changes by both
Apple and developers, according to people briefed on the specifications of the
new device," Gurman writes.

So Gurman offers credible sources, and then realistically elaborates on what the
rumored change would actually look like and its effect on developers and end
users. A fine job of reporting.

BGR's Zach Epstein seems to lack the word "rumor" in his vocabulary. Almost
automatically, it seems, he translates "rumor" into "report."

The latest example: "New report may finally tell us when the iPhone 6 will be
released."  "[A] new report from German Apple blog iFun suggests that the launch
will take place in September," Epstein reveals. "The report cites unnamed
sources in claiming that Apple Stores in Germany will restrict employee vacation
time in September in order to ensure that all hands are on deck for the iPhone 6
launch."

In case you're not up-to-speed on Apple's corporate HR policies, Epstein
explains. "Apple restricts vacation time ahead of and during its iPhone launches
each year, though it typically doesn't begin informing employees of this
restriction until much closer to the iPhone's release date."

The link is to the original iFun post in German. Here's our own Google
Translation of it: "Employees in the German Apple Stores may appear to [not?]
take any leave in September. If this information is true (and we have little
reason to doubt the reliability of the source), this indicates a launch popular
new Apple products this month. Specifically, it would be the iPhone 6, September
was already in the last two years, Apple's "iPhone-month", while new iPads
usually followed later in the year."

That's what qualifies as a "report" in BGR Land.

Epstein adds some context. "While reports attempting to pinpoint the next
iPhone's release time frame have been all over the map during the past few
months, the smart money has remained on a September release."

That's true: the smart money has remained on September. That's because the last
iPhone announcement was in September 2013 and because Apple almost always
announces the next model 12 months after that.

You don't even need a "report" to figure that out.

The basis for this rumor, in a post at BrightWire News, almost certainly does
not mean what many think it means.

"Apple is likely to incorporate a Near Field Communication (NFC) payment
function in the next generation iPhone and has reached an agreement with China
UnionPay on a mobile payment service, according to a source close to the
matter," writes BrightWire's Frank Hill.

Most iOSpherians following Hill's post assume this means the iPhone 6 will
incorporate a new wireless chip and antenna system specifically designed for
Near Field Communications, a very short-range wireless connection that Google
for example uses in its own smartphones to make Google Wallet as much of a
reality as it is.

Keep in mind that the BrightWire story is based on a single, unidentified
source.

"Under the deal with China UnionPay, users would be able to download the bank
card organization's app to Passbook in their iPhones and make mobile payments on
over 3 million China UnionPay's 'QuickPass' POS machines in China, the source
said."

Then there's this: "Currently China UnionPay is developing a system that follows
its PBOC QuickPass standard which is compatible with Apple's iOS....In addition
to NFC payment, the two companies will also work together on another mobile
payment solution that can be used for purchases in Apple Stores, added the
source."

Hill notes that "Apple filed for a patent covering Near Field Communication
(NFC) technology with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in January this year,
according to earlier media reports."

One of those reports was by AppleInsider. The patent in question, as the drawing
with the AppleInsider post shows, includes an NFC chip, but only as one option
for wireless payments and transactions: the other two are Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.

Apple already has the outlines of and client-side infrastructure for a mobile
payments system, based on its iBeacon/Bluetooth 4.0. [See "Apple's iBeacon turns
location sensing inside out"] With iBeacon, merchants can communicate with any
iPhone that has Bluetooth 4.0, launching a process that creates a secure
handshake with the device, and authenticates the user. Unlike NFC, which
requires the phone and reader to be touching or nearly touching, Bluetooth Low
Energy (BLE) lets this take place over a much greater distance, without the need
for buying an NFC-equipped phone or adding NFC readers at the point of sale.
[See the slideshow: "How Apple's iBeacon location sensing technology works"]  If
China UnionPay is working with Apple to create a wireless mobile payment system
that's compatible with iOS, it seems more likely to be one that makes use of
Bluetooth and iBeacon, rather than introducing on the iPhone a brand new
technology (and much more complex infrastructure) in which Apple has shown
almost no interest.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                        May 27, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 leaks again with a 6mm thinness, could be called iPhone 6C

LENGTH: 287  words


iPhone 6 has done it again. The Apple phone has leaked again via the French site
Nowhereelse. The website has leaked a video of a 'dummy' iPhone 6 handset
revealing this phone to be thin at 6mm.

Earlier the same website posted protective shells that will soon be marketed by
Chinese prop for the iPhone 6. This case measured as a fit for 4.7 inch phone
with buttons placed on both left and right side, instead of left side as in
iPhone 5S. There was one button on the right side while two on the left side.
These was a space above the volume rocker, probably for a USB/lightening
connector.

This time, the dummy has leaked showing a thinner look, which in a way
consolidates the rumours of a thinner and lighter 2mm battery inside the pack.
"It confirms the thickness of 6mm, which was recently suggested by a schematic
plan", the news report says. (via Google translate)

According to a report in DailyMail today, earlier this month, a Japanese
magazine has published drawings of what purported to be a 4.7-inch and 5.7-inch
iPhone 6C. The use of product code 6C intrigues us. Like the iPhone 5C and
iPhone 5S (in 2013) after the iPhone 5 in year 2012, are we going to witness
iPhone 6C and and 6S this year?

Since Apple is rumoured to launch two phone of different display sizes in two
events - one in August and another in September this could be a possibility. A
report in Reuteres earlier in May this year pointed at an iPhone 6 with 4.7 inch
display screen at a launch event in August (at least a month earlier than its
usual launch time every year) while the a 5.5 inch or 5.6 inch display screen
model could see a launch in September.

Another leaked information earlier pointed at a waterproof model of the upcoming
phone.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

Oliver's stake out lands him iPhone 6

BYLINE: MARK ACHESON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 228 words


IF BURNIE'S Contel Communications was a chocolate factory then Coastal lad
Mitchell Oliver scored the golden ticket.

It was hard to ignore the Burnie larrikin who sat proudly at the front of
yesterday's early morning queue - a crowd of about 30 waited for the store's 8am
opening to get the new iPhone 6.

Mr Oliver was perched on his abnormally large camping chair since 6am to get his
hands on the new device.

"I lined up for when the iPhone 5 came out and I was the first one down here,"
he said.

"I've always liked the iPhone and I'll stick with the iPhone.

"A lot of my friends, they've gone Samsung, HTC and Sony, but I've just stuck
with iPhones."

Mr Oliver received his "ticket number one" and was in the door at 8am on the
dot.

With some speculation around what the new phone offers compared to its
counterparts, Mr Oliver wasn't too phased.

"It's what people prefer," he said.

"Your preference can be an iPhone with the iTunes or your preference can be a
Samsung with the android sort of thing, but I'm used to the iPhone and how it's
set up, so for me to change would be more of a hassle.

"I don't think I'll change, I'll stick with Apple."

Mr Oliver can now proudly boast he's one of the first in Burnie to get his hands
on an iPhone 6.

"If someone has got an iPhone I like to say 'are you a four dog, are you a six
dog or five dog?"' he said.

"So I'll be a six dog now."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NUMBER ONE: Mitchell Oliver, of Burnie, is thrilled to be first in line
for the new iPhone 6. Picture: Grant Wells.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Smart, Globe launching iPhone 6 in mid-November

BYLINE: Chrisee Jalyssa V. Dela Paz

SECTION: Pg. S1/5

LENGTH: 335 words


RIVAL telecommunications providers Smart Communications, Inc. and Globe Telecom,
Inc. will start offering the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Nov. 14 for their
respective postpaid plans, the companies said in separate statements late
Wednesday.

Smart said in its statement that customers can pre-order iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus starting Nov. 7 and will offer the new handsets starting Nov. 14,
simultaneously with Globe.

The two telecommunication companies launched pre-order pages for these devices
on their respective sites.

The corporate wireless arm of Smart said last month that it expects the release
of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to help support the growth in the Philippine
smartphone penetration, expanding the data market in turn.

Jovy I. Hernandez, Smart Enterprise sales and marketing head, said in an
interview on the sidelines of the Asian CEO Summit last month that the company
expects to increase its data revenue "as long as there's still growth in the
smartphone market."

"The more smartphone penetration there is, there should (also) be growth for
data revenue," he said, noting that 30% to 35% of Filipinos now use smartphones.

As a partner of Apple, Inc., Smart plans to offer postpaid data plans together
with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Mr. Hernandez said.

In the first half, Smart, along with Sun Cellular, another wireless affiliate of
Philippine Long Distance Telephone Co. (PLDT), posted combined revenue growth of
14% year on year from their postpaid businesses to P10.4 billion.

Globe Telecom, meanwhile, posted strong second-quarter and first-half profit
growth on the back of the company's modernization activities and increase in
subscribers. Net profit grew to P3.9 billion in the second quarter from P754
million a year earlier.

On Wednesday, PLDT shares ended trading at P3,158, down P34 or 1.07%; while
Globe closed at P1,670 apiece, up P12 or 0.72%.

Hastings Holdings, Inc., a unit of PLDT Beneficial Trust Fund subsidiary
MediaQuest Holdings, Inc., has a majority stake in BusinessWorld.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 535  words


With Apple reportedly planning to launch either a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 or a
5.5-inch version on September 9, China Mobile has kicked off preorders for the
widely anticipated device.

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. XU ZHONGYUAN/CHINA DAILY

Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

New iPads go into production; could reinvigorate sales growth
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations China Mobile did not disclose whether the
preorder would be expanded to the rest of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil
the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday

Few Apples a day keep hawkers in pay;
Two months after launch, there's still a roaring street trade in iPhones

BYLINE: Denise Tsang, Alan Yu and Jennifer Ngo

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 381 words


Resellers of Apple's iPhone 6 are still doing a roaring trade on the streets of
Hong Kong more than eight weeks after the smartphones went on official sale in
the city.

When Apple started selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on September 19, resellers
were buying and selling them for premium prices outside the Apple stores in
Central, Causeway Bay and Kowloon Tong. Today, although demand has slowed, there
is still money to be made for some street resellers, as supply from Apple stores
is limited.

On the doorstep of the Apple Store in the upmarket International Finance Centre
shopping mall in Central, Mr Fang, as he asked to be identified, says he has
earned an average of HK$30,000 a month since the iPhones went on sale. That's
enough to keep him trading the smartphones until Christmas, he says.

"Business is all right, but it's not particularly lucrative," said Fang, a man
in his 40s originally from Beijing. He said in a typical trade he would offer a
vendor a premium of about HK$700 for an iPhone 6, which costs HK$5,588 from the
Apple store. He would then resell it for about HK$200 profit.

On average, he said, he made a sale about every two hours, each day for the past
two months. He added that the gold-coloured iPhones, a favourite with
mainlanders, were worth more. The latest iPhones did not go on sale on the
mainland until October 17.

Lau Chi-kong, of G-World Mobile, who sells parallel imports,  blamed the rampant
hawking of iPhones on the limited supply from Apple, which had kept demand high.

He said his business was suffering as "[hawkers] don't have to pay rent, they
are everywhere, and all they have to do is pay a little more [than us]".

Apple declined to comment. Its online store releases  a limited number of the
iPhone 6 and 6 for sale, but they are usually snapped up within minutes.

In front of the Apple store at Hysan Place in Causeway Bay, there are constantly
about 50 hawkers - mostly Putonghua speakers - sitting on footstools and
displaying suitcases containing new iPhones. They deal only in cash.

A security guard at the  store said he had seen many people buy iPhones at the
store and resell them immediately outside. "How many Hong Kong people actually
use the iPhones they just bought? It looks like something like 10 or 20 per
cent," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}30,000                ; The amount, in HK dollars, a
hawker of iPhones claims to earn each month

GRAPHIC:                  Potential buyers look at what's on offer from iPhone
hawkers outside the Causeway Bay Apple store.                    Photo: Edmond
So

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

Watch out - Apple is taking on a big wrist

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 462  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to replace your wallet
and a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing", which Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad, in a presentation that the
Cupertino company sees as another potential turning point.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was finally unveiled yesterday.

It will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models, all of
which have interchangeable bands.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch (12cm) phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch
(14cm) phone and both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is
better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at
check-outs.

Apple hopes the deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard,
the major US banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to
take off. The payment system begins in the US next month but there are no
details yet when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards
and merchants will be involved.

After the unwanted media coverage of leaked naked celebrity photos - reportedly
stolen from iCloud - Apple was eager to point out that the payment details will
not be stored in the cloud.

Eddy Cue, Apple senior vice-president of internet software and services, said
that when you use Apply Pay, the person at the check-out won't get to see your
credit card number or security code, meaning your private information is more
secure than using a traditional card now.

Also, Mr Cue said, Apple would not receive information on your purchase. No
record would be sent to Apple about the purchase, the price or where you bought
it.

When shopping with the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, you'll need
to log into the phone to prove your identity.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17. Prices for the
iPhone 6 will range from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and Vodafone with pre-orders
from tomorrow.The watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word
on Australian availability and pricing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Apple ramps up iPhone production to record levels

SECTION: DEVICES; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 205 words



HIGHLIGHT: Suppliers have recently started initial production of iPhone models.


Apple is planning to ramp up production of its new iPhone units to record
levels. The company has reportedly asked suppliers to manufacture between 85
million and 90 million units by the end of this year.

Last year, Apple ordered 70 million to 80 million units of its iPhone 6 and 6
Plus smartphones.

The new phones will have the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen and exterior
design as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

It was reported last month that suppliers had commenced initial production of
iPhone models with Force Touch technology, which is already used in the Apple
Watch and new MacBook Pros.

The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple is also considering to hire a third
assembler, Taiwan-based Wistron, to help manufacture the new phones.

Last year, the company primarily depended on Hon Hai Precision Industry and
Pegatron for assembling its devices.

People familiar with the matter told the Journal that some component suppliers
began manufacturing parts for the new iPhone units in large quantity earlier
this month.

The sales of iPhone units increased 40% in March to 61.2 million. Apple, with
its advanced big screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, pushed Samsung from its top
position as the top smartphone manufacturer in the world.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Bags I'm first for the latest iPhone

BYLINE: NEIL RATLEY

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 363 words


SEE MORE Bendy phones B6

--------------------

THE queue for the new iPhone 6 was as good a place as any to get some work done
as the clock ticked towards a minute past midnight.

Lower Hutt resident Ben Vaughn wasn't going to miss the chance to get his hands
on Apple's latest release last night.

The 27-year-old, who had nestled into one of the bean bags at the front of the
queue outside Vodafone's flagship store on Lambton Quay at 5pm, hasn't missed a
single iPhone release since 2008. "I was in the queue for a 3G, 3GS, 4, 4S, 5,
5s and now the 6," Vaughn said.

The comfort of the bean bag also helped him be productive as he counted down
until the doors opened. "I'm doing some work."

However, it was 18-year-old Dannie Barker of Paraparaumu, who was in
pole-position to get her hands on the first iPhone 6 sold in Wellington.

Supported by her mum, the iPhone and Apple fan was keen to upgrade the "old
brick" she was being forced to use.

"I had to sell my iPhone 5c to pay for this one," she said.

Dannie's brother was also queuing - nearly 650km away.

Dedicated mum Debbie said: "I've got my daughter in a queue in Wellington and a
son in a queue in Auckland. They are great kids and have worked hard to buy an
iPhone."

The Barkers were an iPhone family and did not want to have to wait months before
owning the latest model. "I'm also the ride home," Debbie said.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in 10 "first wave" countries, including
the US and Australia, a week ago. New Zealand is one of more than 20 countries
in the second wave.

International demand for the new devices has been high, with Apple booking a
record 4 million pre-orders on the first day they could be produced, and
reporting sales of more than 10 million in the first weekend.

Among changes from earlier models, the phones have larger screens - the iPhone 6
a 4.7-inch display and the 6 Plus a 5.5-inch.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Irresistible call: Dannie Barker, 18, is all set to get her hands on the first
iPhone 6 sold in Wellington. The Paraparaumu resident arrived at Vodafone's
Lambton Quay store at 2.30pm yesterday to be the first in line for Apple's
latest release.

Picture: MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

SAN FRANCISCO - Apple moved to...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 170 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple moved to recapture its role as the leading tech
trend-setter as it unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions
of the iPhone.

It also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that would allow consumers to
simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to popularise the idea of
mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price of existing iPhones at $US199
(A215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An iPhone 6 Plus on show during an Apple event at the Flint Centre in
Cupertino, California.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           September 4, 2010 Saturday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

50 APPS to change your life

BYLINE: Greg Thom, technology reporter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 1117  words


APPLE'S enormously popular iPhone and iPad have changed the way we live.

More than 200,000 downloadable apps are available, ranging from games and GPS
navigation tools to handy programs that remind you where you parked your car,
putting power at users' finger tips.

Technology reporter GREG THOM gives you 50 of the best.

APPS TO SAVE YOU MONEY

1. Mortgage Saver, iPhone - Free

Compares your loan repayments resulting in possible savings in interest and loan
term reductions.

2. Who2Call, iPhone - Free

Allows Vodafone and 3 customers to see which of their contacts are on the same
networks and therefore who they can call free.

3. MotorMouth, iPhone - Free

Tracks down the cheapest fuel in your area.

4. Car Inspector, iPhone - Free

Info on scores of vehicles rated by the NRMA Insurance Research Centre and
ANCAP.

5. Skype, iPhone - Free

The ability to make free computer phone calls via the internet is now available
to mobile phone users.

6. ShowerTime, iPhone - $2.49

Water saving app that does everything, including calculating the amount of water
used and the cost of each shower.

7. MeterRead, iPhone - $3.99

Electricity use monitoring tool.

8. 101 Best Ways to Save Money, iPhone - $1.19

Puts a host of money saving plans at your fingertips, from the family car to
food, phone bill, clothing and travel.

9. Money Tips, iPhone - Free

Simple app that pops up a new money saving tip each time you open it.

10. Penny Saved, iPhone - Free

Designed to allow users to work out what they really need, as opposed to what
they want.

GAMES

1. Angry Birds, iPhone/iPad - $5.99

This No.1 ranked game of bird v pig mayhem has proved so popular, a movie
version is in the offing.

2. Real Racing, iPhone/iPad - $12.99

Fast paced racing game designed by Melbourne based Firemint.

3. Flight Control, iPhone/iPad - $5.99

Deceptively simple, highly addictive air traffic control game.

4. Fruit Ninja, iPhone/iPad - $5.99

Earn points slicing and dicing your way through an avalanche of fruit.

5. Pac-Man, iPhone/iPad - $5.99

One of the classic video games is given a new lease of life.

6. FIFA 10, iPhone - $8.99

Great graphics and superb "finger flick" controls bring the world game to life.

7. Tap Tap Revenge 3, iPhone - Free

Tap along with some of the biggest bands in the world from the Black Eyed Peas
to Metallica, in what its designers claim to be the most downloaded music rhythm
game on the iPhone.

8. Osmos, iPhone/iPad - $5.99

Described as a cross between Asteroids and a lava lamp, this mesmerising
experience features "addictive physics based gameplay, fluid multi touch
controls and lush flowing visuals".

9. Call of Duty World at War: Zombies, iPhone/iPad - $12.99

Action-packed first-person shooter that combines two of the hottest franchises
in town - best selling video game series Call of Duty and the undead.

10. Bejewelled 2, iPhone - $3.99

World's No.1 puzzle game. Race against the clock to match multiple cascading
gems on screen.

JUST FOR FUN

1. Lightsaber Unleashed, iPhone - Free

Turns your phone into a Star Wars-style light sabre.

2. Golf Piano, iPhone/iPad - $12.99

Play your favourite songs on a virtual on-screen keyboard to the sound of golf
tee offs, monster putts and wayward water shots.

3. Tap Fish, iPhone/iPad - Free

Turns your phone or iPad into a virtual aquarium.

4. Air Hockey, iPad - Free

Classic two-player game involving finger-controlled pucks slapping a disc to
attempt to score a goal.

5. Jiggle Balls HD, iPad - $2.49

Play around with the laws of physics as you flick, juggle and rotate balls on
screen.

6. Pocket Pond, iPhone/iPad - Free

Beautiful to look at, ultra-realistic interactive fish filled pond.

7. Ageing Booth, iPhone - $1.19

Find out what your friends will look like in years to come.

8. Kitty Plus, iPad - $1.19

Puts a virtual cat in your lap. Stroke the fur-filled screen and be rewarded
with a purr.

9. iGlass 3D, iPhone - $1.19

Very clever glass blowing simulation in which users can manipulate molten glass
on the end of a pipe before baking it in a virtual oven.

10. Pinball HD, iPad - $1.19

Turn your iPad into a pinball machine.

BRAIN FOOD

1. Scrabble, iPad - $12.99

The classic word based board game is tailor-made for the iPad. Players can even
use their iPhone as a virtual tile rack, 'flicking' their letters onto the iPad
board.

2. 3D Brain, iPhone/iPad - Free

Use the touch screen to rotate, zoom and learn more about 29 areas of the brain,
from what happens following an accident to the vital role played by

each region.

3. iBooks, iPhone/iPad - Free

Provides digital access to thousands of books from free classics to
best-sellers.

4. Exoplanet, iPhone/iPad - Free

Interactive, daily updated database of newly discovered planets outside our
solar system presented in stunning 3D.

5. Brain Toot, iPhone - $1.19

Fun way to challenge and stimulate your grey matter in just few minutes each
day, via six brain training games.

6. Globe for iPad, iPad - Free

Interactive geography app which shows the countries of the world on a 3D globe
you can manipulate and rotate.

7. Word of the Day, iPhone - $0.99

New word and its meaning every day.

8. iThesaurus, iPhone - free

Great way to expand your vocabulary.

9. iFact, iPhone - $1.19

More than 4000 random facts from the entertaining to educational.

10. Brain Trainer, iPhone - Free

Fun way to give your grey matter a workout. Designed by some of the world's
leading neuroscientists.

USEFUL STUFF

1. Flashlight, iPhone - Free

Turns your iPhone into a handy torch.

2. G-Park, iPhone - $1.19

App designed to ensure you never lose your parked car again. Add a photo, notes
on where you parked and use a compass and Google maps.

3. Shop Savvy, iPhone - Free

Consumer shopping comparison tool that allows users to use their iPhone camera
to scan the bar codes of products, compare them to others online and get the
best deal possible.

4. Metlink, iPhone - Free

Ultra-useful tool allowing commuters to do everything from check public-
transport timetables, plan their journey and find the nearest stops via GPS.

5. Tom Tom, iPhone - $89.99

Turns your phone into a GPS enabled satnav device. Not cheap, but at least you
won't get lost.

6. Pocket Weather, iPhone/iPad - $2.49

Up-to-the-minute weather info direct from the Bureau of Meteorology.

7. AroundMe, iPhone - Free

Incredibly useful app that allows users to quickly find everything from the
nearest bank, petrol station or hospital.

8. Shazam, iPhone - Free

A worldwide hit that allows users to point their phone at a music source to
identify and buy the song.

9. Drink, iPhone - $4.99

Features more than 100 of the city's hottest, hippest and coolest bars.

10. Epicurious, iPhone/iPad - Free

Food lovers' dream featuring more than 28,000 recipes, an interactive shopping
list and cooking guide.

heraldsun.com.au

Gallery: Check out Apple's new range of iPods

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:42 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       October 2, 2015 Friday 7:03 AM GMT

iPhone 6S Plus review: barely better than the iPhone 6 Plus;
Faster fingerprint sensor, slightly better camera, and novelties such as a
pressure sensitive screen cannot make up for the lack of extended battery life

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1734 words


Star Rating: 4 stars

The iPhone 6S Plus promises richer interactions with a pressure sensitive
screen, a better camera with new "Live Photos" and longer battery life, despite
it having a smaller capacity battery. Does it deliver?

In the tick, tock upgrade cycle, the iPhone 6S Plus is Apple's phablet tock.
It's a speed bump on the design of last year's iPhone 6 Plus with a few new
features thrown in to try and entice buyers.

Spot the difference

Side-by-side it's almost impossible to tell the difference between 2014's iPhone
6 Plus and the new iPhone 6S Plus - unless you have a rose gold one that is.

There's a small "S" stamped on the back, the device is 0.2mm thicker and 20g
heavier, but everything else on the outside looks the same.

The extra weight and thickness is noticeable compared to both the older iPhone
and its competitors. At 7.3mm thick and 192g heavy, it is thicker and heavier
than Samsung's 6.9mm thick, 153g Galaxy S6 Edge+ and heavier than Google's new
7.3mm thick, 178g Nexus 6P.

The iPhone 6S Plus feels nice to touch, but is more difficult to hold than
competitors due to its relatively thick bezels. They make the phablet wider and
taller than competitors with the same size, or even bigger, screens.

Apple has used harder aluminium for the iPhone 6S Plus's shell than on its
previous model, and while I can't attest to its durability - I've only had the
iPhone a week and it is undamaged - it is a little less slippery than the 6
Plus.

The 5.5in 1080p screen, despite being pressure sensitive (more on that later),
looks identical to the iPhone 6 Plus. The LCD display is colour accurate, but
not quite as vibrant as some AMOLED rivals. It has a pixel density of 401 pixels
per inch (ppi) making it similar in sharpness to phablets such as the OnePlus 2.

The 5.7in screens of Samsung's and Google's new phablets both have much higher
pixel densities of 518ppi, while LG's 5.5in G4 screen has 538ppi. The difference
in screen density is visible side-by-side at screen sizes 5.5in and up - text
appears sharper - but most users will be satisfied with the crispness of the
iPhone 6S Plus's screen.

Specifications

     ·    Screen: 5.5in 1080p (401ppi)
     ·    Processor: dual-core Apple A9
     ·    RAM: 2GB of RAM
     ·    Storage: 16/64/128GB; no SD card
     ·    Operating system: iOS 9
     ·    Camera: 12MP rear camera with OIS, 5MP front-facing camera
     ·    Connectivity: LTE, Wi-Fi, NFC, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS
     ·    Dimensions: 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm
     ·    Weight: 192g



As snappy as an iPhone can be

The iPhone 6S Plus has Apple's new dual-core A9 processor with an integrated
motion co-processor and 2GB of RAM. Apple says that it is 70% faster than the A8
in last year's iPhones.

Performance is as snappy as any iPhone can be, although still feels sluggish
compared to Samsung's Galaxy S6 because of Apple's use of fixed-speed animations
moving into and out of apps and other actions.

The increased speed over the 6 Plus was only noticeable when loading or
switching between large apps or games, or when accessing the Siri suggest
features new to iOS 9. As yet, there aren't many apps written to take advantage
of the extra performance, but some games are coming with better graphics for
A9-equipped phones.

The phone generally stays cool, but it got noticeably warm while in congested
situations in London, where the mobile phone network is oversubscribed.

Call quality was excellent, as was Wi-Fi calling, which worked as advertised on
EE's network and could also be shared with other Apple devices such as iPads and
Macs.

I found battery life has managed to get both better and worse, as standby time
has improved over the iPhone 6 Plus, but the battery drains slightly faster with
the screen on while browsing, for instance.

The iPhone 6S Plus lasted 25 hours on average with hundreds of emails and push
notifications, three hours of browsing, several hours of music playback via
Bluetooth headphones, a couple of pictures and light spot of gaming. You will
need to charge it once a day and occasionally it won't last until bedtime.

That's about the same as the iPhone 6 Plus and worse than most other competing
phablets. I found the low battery mode made little impact on the remaining
battery life when it hit 20%, but the milage may vary depending on how you use
it. A full charge took about an hour.

iOS 9

The iPhone 6S Plus runs iOS 9, which is available on the iPhone 4S and all newer
Apple phones. The OS is slightly more responsive on the 6S Plus in some places,
including Siri suggest, but there are very few features exclusive to the new
iPhones.

Siri can listen out for the hotwords "Hey, Siri" and wake up the phone. This
feature was available on other iPhones only when plugged in. You need a quiet
environment to set it up, and even then it struggled to learn my voice,
requiring repeated mutterings of the pre-defined phrases to get it locked in.

For more information see the iOS 9 review.

3D Touch

Apple's new pressure sensitive screen is the marquee feature for the iPhone 6S
Plus. It allows more gestures based on how hard you press the screen.

Apple's peek and pop gestures allow you to preview an email without opening it
by pressing slightly harder, or enter the email fully by releasing that
increased pressure and doing it again. A similar thing can be done with
messages, images, links in Safari, contacts in the phone app and so on.

Most of the time it just shows you what you would see if you tapped the email,
link or message normally. It's meant to be quicker than popping in and out of
messages, but the only time I found it useful was previewing days in the month
view of the calendar app.

Icons on the homescreen can also be 3D touched to pop up a quick action menu.
Mostly this means actions such as start a new message, search or view the last
action. Tapping then takes you straight into the compose screen of Mail or
Messages.

Third-party apps can also implement it. I only found Evernote, which allows you
to launch straight into the camera to create a photo note, to usefully implement
the feature.

More apps will come, and 3D Touch might become a killer feature, but for now
it's a novelty that quickly gets old and has a relatively annoying learning
curve as you stab the screen to see what works and how hard you have to press.

Touch ID

The iPhone 6S Plus has a new Touch ID sensor, which is much faster than that on
the iPhone 6 or 5S, unlocking the phone almost immediately. It's one of the
fastest and best fingerprint scanners on the market, rivalling Huawei's very
fast scanner.

I found it was as accurate as the iPhone 6 Plus, recognising my thumb almost
every time.

Taptic Engine

The excellent vibration system that feels like someone is tapping you on the
wrist on the Apple Watch has been added to the iPhone. It works very well in the
hand, giving much sharper more defined haptic feedback. It's also quieter when
on a desk, but I found it wasn't strong enough in my pocket. I missed texts and
emails as the alert was over in an instant.

You can change the vibration pattern to something a bit more aggressive like
those used for phone calls, which helped, but then it didn't feel as good in the
hand. Swings and roundabouts.

Camera

The new 12-megapixel camera is excellent and is one of the best on the market,
with similar picture quality to Samsung's Galaxy S6 and LG's G4.

It captures images with good detail and colour balance in good light, often
resulting in slightly more natural, if a but muted, photos. Low light
performance is also good, but neither are a vast improvement over the iPhone 6
Plus.

Video capture is good and the camera can record in 4K taking up around 300MB per
minute, roughly three times the space required for 1080p video. The switch to
enable 4K video is buried in the settings menu so most will probably never try
it.

The front-facing camera has been boosted to five megapixels from 1.2MP, but the
photos are still not exactly fantastic. They will do fine for small shots, but
are not a patch on those captured by the rear camera. The flash screen feature
works OK for close-ups, but forget anything at arms length or further away.

Apple's Live Photos are new for the iPhone 6S Plus. They capture 1. 5 seconds of
video before and after taking a photo and are very similar to HTC's Zoe feature
from 2013.

They are an interesting novelty, which work OK for portraits but will likely not
be used much by most. They take up twice the storage on the phone and are
difficult to share or upload beyond Apple's walled garden, much like HTC's Zoe.
They can be used as wallpaper on the phone, but only animate when pressed on.

I also found that it could slow down the speed of the shutter, meaning I missed
a couple of photo moments and more often than not caught video of the subject
moving out of frame or the camera going down.

Price

The iPhone 6S Plus costs £619 for 16GB of storage, £699 for 64GB and £789 for
128GB in silver, dark grey, gold and pink.

Phablet competitors such as the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ costs £600 for 32GB of
storage and the LG G4 costs £325 for 32GB.

No one should buy the 16GB storage version as it is just not enough space for
today's apps, music, photos and video, particularly if shot in 4K or taking Live
Photos.

Verdict

The iPhone 6S Plus is the best phablet Apple has ever made, but only just. It is
not a significant upgrade over last year's 6 Plus, with most of its new features
take it or leave it affairs.

It is also not the best phablet available, but most prospective buyers will be
upgrading from an existing iPhone and so are unlikely to consider the Android
competition.

The new Touch ID fingerprint scanner is significantly faster. The
pressure-sensitive screen is interesting on paper, but in practice has no killer
application. The Live Photos are a novelty, but difficult to share and may prove
to be something tested then just left off.

Users upgrading from an iPhone 5S or older iPhone are in for a treat, however,
as the phone is better in almost every way.

Pros: fast fingerprint scanner, good camera, good screen, Taptic Engine,
extended standby time  Cons: battery life of only a day, expensive, heavier, big
bezels around the screen make it more difficult to hold

Other reviews

     ·    Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ review: the curvy 'iPhone 6 Plus killer'
     ·    LG G4 review: one of the best phablets available, boasting an
          impressive camera
     ·    Google Nexus 6 review: big is beautiful, but not manageable
     ·    OnePlus 2 review: a real 'flagship phablet killer'?


LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus go on sale in India, eager customers queue up
at midnight

BYLINE: Gwyn DMello

LENGTH: 415  words


It's the moment Apple fans in India have been counting down to for months. At
the stroke of midnight on Friday, October 17, several electronics retail stores
across the country opened their shutters to people eagerly waiting to buy the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus.

Many of these stores, including Maple, Vijay Sales, HK Mobiles, and several
others in Mumbai, accepted bookings for Apple's latest smartphones on a Rs 1,000
down payment, and handed out tokens that could be used to allot phones when
stocks came in. After speaking to several store owners, it was apparent that
none of the stores actually had the stock beforehand; they all expected delivery
at about 11:30pm.

Several high-profile celebrities have expectedly booked the iPhone 6 (one of the
dealers showed our reporter a text from Subhash Ghai, asking for him to be
notified when the stock came in. An agent of Shah Rukh Khan was also in on the
waitlist, and a Bank of India official was one of the first to unbox the new
model as well).

At the Maple store in Bandra, after they opened their shutters at midnight,
prospective customers made payments for their phones even while the stock was
still en route.

The 16GB iPhone 6 model is priced at Rs 53,500 (comparable to the current price
of the 128GB iPhone 5s). The 64GB and 128GB models cost Rs 62,500 and Rs 71,500
respectively. The iPhone 6 Plus raises the bar even higher, with the 16GB base
model sitting pretty at Rs 62,500, the 64GB at Rs 71,500, and the 128GB model
demolishing your pocket at a cool Rs 80,500. (To put things in perspective, a
budget trip to Thailand can work out to about Rs 50,000 inclusive of airfare.)

But while the fanfare of the first unboxing was in full swing at Maple, HK
Mobiles just down the road, had already unlocked that achievement a good ten
minutes before. Twenty eight-year-old Abdul Samad from Bandra got his hands on
the 64GB iPhone 6 at approximately 12:03, minutes after the phone stock reached
various Bandra stores. Phone connoisseurs of a kind, Samad and his brother Abdul
Anan have been buying the latest phones in the market for awhile now.

"Having the latest phone is just something we do. But while the iPhone 6 makes
sense to me, I'd rather pick up the Galaxy Note 4 than shell out money for the
iPhone 6 Plus," says Samad.

Phone dealers across Mumbai, meanwhile, are optimistic about sales, pointing out
that, although expensive, the price tags on the new models are nonetheless very
similar to those in the US this time around.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            November 2, 2012, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Nov. 2;
Ecstasy in June, ovoiding the home button, here's Jony

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1585 words


Apple has just begun selling iPhone 5, which it just announced, and yet
speculation mounts or possibly leaps, soars,explodes, skyrockets, mushrooms ...
well, you get the idea: Everybody is talking about The Date for iPhone 6.

They're also rumoring about the ovoidization of the home button and Apple's
Death of Innovation and the dismal prospects for the Next iPhone. Unless Apple
turns it around and does something insanely great. Sir Jonathan Ive: Are you
paying attention?

You read it here second.

CATCH UP: iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Oct. 26 __________ "Apple
needs the WOW factor: In order to re-capture the imagination of Apple fans, it's
time for Apple to 'think different' from its past product release trends."
-- Ed Valdez, Technorati.com, advising Apple on how to reverse its slide into
mediocrity despite the fact it's selling more iPhones than ever before
__________ This argument, by Ed Valdez at Technorati, hinges on the fact that
Apple in October introduced what it called a fourth-generation full-size iPad
just eight months after releasing the third-generation iPad.

"The remarkable feat of reducing their iPad product lifecycle by 38% from an
average of 13 months to 8 months is a significant sign of things to come for
their flagship product: the iPhone," Valdez proclaims, predicting that Apple
will announce the next iPhone in next June, or nine months after the iPhone 5
was released.

He gives six reasons for this prediction. One is the by-now rather tired
argument that "Apple needs the WOW factor." "In order to re-capture the
imagination of Apple fans, it's time for Apple to 'think different' from its
past product release trends," Valdez says. In other words, stop improving the
software, the CPU, the resolution, the screen size, the connector dock, Wi-Fi
and cellular connectivity, adding more apps, and expanding online services for
mobile users and instead do something awesome and magical and insanely great!

Valdez seems to think Apple designs products for fans. It doesn't. It designs
products for people, who then become loyal users because the iPhone is the best
product for what they want to do. The two most successful iPhones in terms of
unit sales are the much maligned iPhone 4S and in all likelihood the
almost-as-maligned iPhone 5, maligned by "fans" because these offered only
"incremental" improvements. Those increments are directly related to the
adoption of iPhone by people who are former iPhone users and those who are new
users.

Valdez' other reasons for predicting a June 2013 iwowPhone are: + "Apple wants
to lead, not follow." To compete with Samsung, "Apple needs a catalyst to
jump-start its market share growth against its formidable foe."

+ The bulk of iPhone sales take place in the first three to four months after
its release, and sales slow markedly in the fourth quarter as users hold off in
anticipation of the next model. But the average product life cycle (PLC) of the
iPhone is 14 months, according to Valdez. This is a recipe for bad things.
"Thus, Apple needs shorter PLCs to continue to return value to its shareholders
and deliver new value to consumers because revenue, profit and earnings shrink
within two quarters after an iPhone announcement. No company wants lackluster
sales for the vast majority of a product life cycle."

+ Samsung competition, Part 2: "Apple is at war with Samsung. Let's face it," he
says. Death to the Koreans ... or something.

+ "Apple leads in operational excellence." We couldn't figure out what he was
talking about with this one.

+ The "Been There, Done That" factor. "The iPad 4 announcement tipped Apple's
hand by showing us what's possible: a shorter time to market (TTM)," Valdez
says. "The quick TTM for the iPad 4 will translate to a fast TTM for the next
iPhone." This essentially assumes what he claims to set out to prove.

None of these claims are very convincing. It's true that the bulk of iPhone
sales occur in the first three to five months of availability. But the
"longer-tail" sales through the remainder of the year (and for even longer as
the flagship model becomes a lower-priced offering once the new phone is
announced) are still significant. If Valdez is correct, why wait until June? Why
not announce a new iPhone every six months?

Given the fact that his entire argument hinges on the "accelerated" iPad
introduction, it's odd that Valdez does not analyze that development, nor
explain what benefits accrue to Apple, nor whether it actually represents a
shift in Apple's time to market strategy, nor why a shift in one product's time
to market would necessarily apply to a different product -- to the iPhone.

Or Sir Jonathan Ive as Apple's lead designer is more formally called. This rumor
is generated from the AppleInsider online forums, in a post from a regular
contributor, HyteProsector.

The starting point is the recently announced executive shakeup at Apple, with
Scott Forstall, the longtime senior VP of iOS software, ousted and his duties
split up among a trio of former colleagues. One of them is Ive, who has been in
charge of the iPhone's physical design and now also takes on responsibility for
the phone's overall "user interface."

HyteProsector writes that "Jony made the prototype that I'm about to explain
(Roughly 18-22 months ago) but it was shut down.

The prototype was for an iPhone with an ovular home button had capacitive touch
functions as well." HyteProsector thinks Ive now will, and should, resurrect the
idea, which essentially seems to be creating a larger-surfaced home button that
is itself a tiny touch-screen.

The pressing need for an elongated iPhone home button has been debated for
years, but not usually with a capacitive touch feature.

Current, HyteProsector says, "the top of the [iPhone's] screen is used for
navigation, a 'Back' button of sorts. Why not remove the 'Back' button and put
its functionality on the home button. No more 'Back' buttons and a cleaner UI.
Also ... wanna skip a track on your iPod and leave the device in your pocket?
Swipe the home button. Again, forward and back in Safari? Swipe."

He says he's been thinking about this for "over a year now." And he invites
other forum members to comment. At this writing, only one has taken him up on
it. Tallest Skil makes two pointed points: First, "Can you say 'accidental
touches'?" And second, "What happens when the person breaks the button? Because
people break their Home Buttons all the dang time. Then not only can they not
get to the Springboard, they can't even get back within their applications."

Stay tuned.

"iPhone 6 Might Suffer From Apple's 'Lack of Recent Innovation'" is the headline
for Craig Galbraith's post at ChannelPartnersOnline.com.  "Have sales of the
iconic iPhone finally reached a tipping point?" he asks. "A new survey indicates
that fewer Apple enthusiasts might not be as committed to buying the iPhone 6,
or whatever the 2013 version of the device will be called."

The survey is by the Strategy Analytics Wireless Device Lab, which released only
a bare-bones summary in a press release, which said that current iPhone owners
in Europe and America were somewhat less likely to buy their "next phone" from
Apple, compared to owners surveyed in 2011.

"The iPhone 5, which debuted in late September, launched with a larger screen
(four inches), LTE-compatibility and various other improvements -- but
apparently those updates aren't enough for some customers who see Apple's
competition continue to rise up and offer comparable -- or even better --
smartphones," is how Galbraith interprets the data.

But that's not quite how Strategy Analytics interprets the data. First of all,
the survey found that 75% of current iPhone owners are "likely" to buy a new
iPhone in the future, down from 88% last year; in the U.S., 88% are likely to
buy another iPhone, compared to 93% last year. Second, the survey doesn't
mention iPhone 6: It seems more likely to be current iPhone 3G, and 4, and 4S
users who are contemplating buying the iPhone 5. And without knowing the margin
of error in the survey, it's hard to evaluate just how big this shift is, or
what it means.

"There is no doubt that Apple is continuing its success in retaining existing
user base while attracting new customers," commented Paul Brown, director at
Strategy Analytics' User Experience Practice, as quoted in the release.
"However, negative press prompted by a perceived lack of recent innovation by
Apple has meant we are starting to see some growth in the number of previously
highly loyal consumers who are now reconsidering whether or not they will
purchase a new iPhone for their next device."

We think that's why companies have marketing budgets: to convince people to buy
their product, or buy it again.

The press release doesn't even explain if "negative press" and "perceived lack
of recent innovation" are the prime motivators for current owners willing to
consider buying a different phone, and were part of the survey, or just
represent Brown's considered opinion. And not knowing what the repeat purchase
rates are for, say, the Samsung Galaxy S smartphone users, makes it difficult to
evaluate whether Apple is in trouble or whether this fall-off is general among
other smartphone owners also.

Somehow, a claim of "perceived lack of recent innovation by Apple" becomes
"Apple's lack of innovation will turn iPhone 6 into a lousy product."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 27, 2011, Friday

iPhone 5 rumor rollup for week ending May 27;
Panic, British journos, disguises and curves define week in iPhone 5 scuttlebutt

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1231 words


The anticipation of iPhone 5, iOS 5 or Something Big Anyway is mounting as
Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC),which starts June 6, draws nearer.

This week: There will be no iPhone 5 launch at WWDC because of a fire at one of
Apple's partner assembly plants, triggering panic among bloggers; there will be
an iPhone 5 launch at WWDC because Apple is inviting British journalists and
casting a TV commercial; iPhone 5 is already out there being tested but you
can't tell because it looks just like the existing iPhone 4; and you will be
able to tell because iPhone 5 will have a concave glass screen.

There is no, zero, nada chance of iPhone 5 being released in June, BeatWeek
assures us. Why, you ask? Because of an explosion and fire a week ago at the
Foxconn manufacturing plant where the iPhone, and the iPad, are built. The fire
"should put to bed the pipe dream that saw Apple somehow introducing the iPhone
5 a mere six weeks after first shipping the white iPhone 4," BeatWeek sneeringly
concluded.

But just to cover all the bases, BeatWeek also said, "But even if Apple were
planning to secretly launch the iPhone 5 in June, those plans would certainly
have to be scuttled after the factory damage."

The use of the word "certainly" when it comes to rumors and unfounded
speculation is always good for a laugh.

MORE IPHONE 5 RUMOR ROUNDUPS: May 20, May 13, May 6 Gizmodo had a brief official
statement from Foxconn, which didn't do much to clarify exactly what had blown
up and burned, how bad the damage was, or whether there really would be any
impact on either current iPad 2 shipments or on the iPhone 5 rollout.

The prospect of delay panicked some folks, like Derick Lemay, at The Red 99. The
despair was almost palpable in his post: "All we can hope is that Foxconn can
get their plant up and running as soon as possible. Otherwise we may not be
seeing a new generation iPhone at all in 2011."

2011: The Year of the Lost iPhone.

But by last Sunday, two days after the fire, MacRumors was linking to a
reassuring China Times story (in Chinese) which claimed that "sources" were
saying that "production of iPad 2 would not be delayed and related iPhone
devices [could this be iPhone 5?] and new iPad products would still be in mass
production in the third quarter."

We know this because 1) Apple is inviting British journalists to the WWDC in San
Francisco, and 2) a casting call was posted on Craigslist looking for actors to
appear in an iPhone 5 TV commercial.

U.K. tech site Mobile Pig tackled the issue head-on: "If you believe the rumours
currently fizzing down Britain's broadband pipes, Apple has pretty much put the
kibosh on iPhone 5 -- at least for 2011."

That statement actually qualifies as a separate rumor all on its own.

"But if that's the case," Mobile Pig triumphantly asked, "why is Apple's public
relations department -- specifically the team dedicated to all things iPhone --
reaching out to selected British journalists in an effort to persuade them to
attend Apple's WWDC developer jamboree on 6-10 June?"

That was pretty conclusive for James Isabel, at The Appera. Isabel dismissed the
rumor that WWDC will focus only on the software, iOS 5, but not the iPhone 5
hardware. He wrote, "I doubt this is a simple software reveal judging by the
magnitude of people they're inviting. I'm betting on iPhone 5 [insert excited
emoticon here]. Also, even though Steve Jobs is on leave, I'd expect him to be
at the keynote on June 6."

Plus there's the TV casting post at Craigslist. MacRumors noted that it appeared
Wednesday, May 25, but apparently only for a couple of hours, seeking male and
female actors for a commercial for "iPhone 5" to be filmed in L.A. with payment,
oddly, in British pounds sterling. MacRumors couldn't find any online
information on the contact or production company. The site noted that it was
similar to a casting call in New York in April. Real? A mistake? A hoax? Who
knows? Who cares?

ITPortal admitted that it didn't know if the casting call was genuine, but
couldn't resist adding that if it was genuine, "then the iPhone 5 could indeed
be launched at WWDC 2011."

"On the other hand," according to GizmoCrunch, "it could just be the work of
Apple PR to build up hype for the phone which is not expected to launch this
summer." Creating hype for iPhone 5 must be the world's easiest job, because
thanks to ITPortal, GizmoCrunch and a zillion other websites, Apple PR doesn't
actually have to do anything.

That's what GizmoCrunch concluded after reading TechBuffalo's exclusive account
of how the iPhone 4 was secretly brought to Verizon's network. That would be the
"insider" account based on one, repeat one, source "close to the action." No one
referred to the "iPhone" but the "Acme"; it was being tested six or seven months
before the actual release; employees had to sign a four-page non-disclosure
agreement, and enter a unique PIN every 12 hours to confirm they still had the
phone, and so on.

Even though TechBuffalo's story never mentions "iPhone 5," GizmoCrunch sees a
connection: The Verizon iPhone was being tested at Verizon stores and in the
field, but "due to the fact that [the Verizon iPhone] resembled the AT&T version
it went unnoticed."

(It's not real clear how that would work, between two Verizon employees: "Hey,
watcha got there?" "Oh, it's the Acme." "Really?

Gee it looks just like the AT&T iPhone." "I didn't notice." "Oh, me either.")
Unfazed, GizmoCrunch optimistically asks, "So what does all this mean as the
Verizon iPhone 5 release date nears?" And they have an answer. "For one, it
could mean that the Verizon iPhone 5 is already undergoing field testing and may
be under our very eyes."

Winner of the Most Convoluted Rumor of the Week goes to iFan, which on Monday
published a picture, from a Chinese website, of what purported to be a "white
iPhone 5's backplate with even more evidence of the [previously rumored]
separation of the camera and the flash components."

By early the next morning, iFan had a new post, about how commenters to the
first post had detected a reflection in the picture, revealing another iPhone 5
taking the photography. They say you can make out the Apple logo, and the widely
separated flash and camera components (which are close together in iPhone 4).

Then, iFan asked not one but two Adobe Photoshop wizards to manipulate the
original image, a process that TFTS.com called, without a hint of irony,
"forensic tech voodoo." Their conclusion: It's an iPhone 5!

DigiTimes claims that unnamed sources say that Apple has bought 200-300
expensive glass-cutting machines to fashion curved glass screens for iPhone 5.

"That would seem to fly in the face of recent reports that the iPhone 5 would be
very similar to the iPhone 4 in appearance," observed 9to5 Mac.

No fooling.

PC Magazine notes some phones already have a concave screen, including Samsung
Nexus S. "The concave glass display of the Nexus S is often praised for feeling
more comfortable when holding it up to your face. In fact curved glass displays
are more about aesthetics and "perceived usability" (as Engadget notes in its
review for the Nexus S) than any actual change to display quality," according to
the post.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.

Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com Blog RSS feed:
http://www.networkworld.com/community/blog/2989/feed



LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2011 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday

Few Apples a day keep hawkers in pay;
Two months after launch, there's still a roaring street trade in iPhones

BYLINE: Denise Tsang, Alan Yu and Jennifer Ngo

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 382 words


Resellers of Apple's new iPhone 6  models still doing a roaring trade on the
streets of Hong Kong, more than eight weeks after the smartphones went on
official sale in the city.

When Apple started selling the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus on September 19, resellers
were buying and selling them for premium prices outside the Apple stores in
Central, Causeway Bay and Kowloon Tong. Today, although demand has slowed, there
is still money to be made for some street resellers, as supply from Apple stores
is limited.

On the doorstep of the Apple store in the upmarket International Finance Centre
shopping mall in Central, Mr Fang, as he asked to be identified, says he has
earned an average of HK$30,000 a month since the iPhones went on sale. That's
enough to keep him trading the smartphones until Christmas, he says.

"Business is all right, but it's not particularly lucrative," said Fang, a man
in his 40s originally from Beijing. He said in a typical trade he would offer a
vendor a premium of about HK$700 for an iPhone 6, which costs HK$5,588 from the
Apple store. He would then resell it for about HK$200 profit.

On average, he said, he made a sale about every two hours, each day for the past
two months. He added that the gold-coloured iPhones, a favourite with
mainlanders, were worth more. The latest iPhones did not go on sale on the
mainland until October 17.

Lau Chi-kong, of G-World Mobile who sells parallel imports,  blamed the rampant
hawking of iPhones on the limited supply from Apple, which had kept demand high.

He said his business was suffering as "[hawkers] don't have to pay rent, they
are everywhere, and all they have to do is pay a little more [than us]".

Apple declined to comment. Its online store releases  a limited number of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus for sale, but they are usually snapped up within minutes.

In front of the Apple store at Hysan Place in Causeway Bay, there are constantly
about 50 hawkers - mostly Putonghua speakers - sitting on footstools and
displaying suitcases containing new iPhones. They deal only in cash.

A security guard at the  store said he had seen many people buy iPhones at the
store and resell them immediately outside. "How many Hong Kong people actually
use the iPhones they just bought? It looks something like   10 or 20 per cent,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}30,000                ; The amount, in HK dollars, a
hawker of iPhones claims to earn each month

GRAPHIC:                  Potential buyers look at what's on offer from iPhone
hawkers outside the Causeway Bay Apple store.                    Photo: Edmond
So

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       August 24, 2014 Sunday 1:29 PM GMT

iPhone 6 rumour round-up: Resolution rumours plus release date and features
update;
New details surface of the various rumoured models of iPhone 6 every day - the
latest talk is of the resolution of the new devices plus possible production
issues

BYLINE: By Gareth Roberts

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE

LENGTH: 171 words


Chatter about the anticipated iPhone 6 continues to flood the internet every
day.

Today, while all the rumours continue to point to two versions of Apple's next
generation smartphone - a 4.7" model and a 5.5" version - speculation is also
rife about the resolution of the screen.

As the tech giant's biggest launch of the year draws near, talk is that the 4.7"
iPhone 6 will likely feature a resolution of 1334 x 750 with 326 pixels per
inch, while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 would most likely have a resolution of 2208 x
1242 with 461 pixels per per inch.

The iPhone 6 is now widely expected to be unveiled in the first week of
September at a media event.

Apple moles suggest the 4.7" version will go on sale about a week after the
announcement but rumours are rife that the 5.5" model may be held back due to
production issues.

As well as a larger display, the iPhone 6 is predicted to feature a thinner
design, a faster A8 processor, an improved camera and a more durable Touch ID
sensor.

Will you be buying the iPhone 6 on launch day?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       April 23, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 will be delayed, Analysts predict

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 380  words


While Apple is preparing to announce its second quarter financial results for
the financial year 2013  today, Analysts predict the next iPhone- iPhone 5S will
be delayed and the iPhone 6 might not appear this year.

"We have previously written that iPhone 5S, despite an accelerated design phase,
was modestly delayed from June to July" Cnet
(http://news.cnet.com/8301-13579_3-57580661-37/citi-goes-sour-on-apple-claims-
iphone-5s-iphone-6-delay/) quotes Citi's Glen Yeung. The delayed iPhone 5S will
cause more worry for Apple stockholders, reports GSMArena
(http://www.gsmarena.com/analysts_apple_profits_to_fall_this_quarter_iphone
_5s_to_be_delayed-news-5899.php). Another Analyst Peter Misek
(http://pulse.alacra.com/analyst-comments/Peter_Misek-A14725) at  Jefferies &
Company last week said that the rumored iPhone 5S and low cost iPhone will
likely be delayed.

Since the year 2003 Apple has been predicted to do very well, but with the
launch of the iPhone 5 and its low-cost Android and Windows competitors its
seems that the story have started to change. Though iPhone 5 did well, Apple is
rumoured to be working on a low cost (alternatively you may say,
affordable/cheaper ) iPhone 5, which suggests the Cupertino giant is feeling the
heat of competition. (read here
(http://daily100.bhaskar.com/article/GAD-affordable-iphone-and-iphone
-5s-may-come-in-august-this-year-4195982-NOR.html))

It is being predicted that company's profit will fall for the first time in a
decade. Cirrus Logic predicted a downfall in the company's stocks Last week
Apple's stock
(http://www.wptv.com/dpp/news/national/apple-aapl-stock-update-apple-stock-drops
-below-390-thursday-lowest-level-since-december-2011) dropped below $390 which
was the lowest level since December 2011.

The situation is, Apple needs to announce new product which could make a good
mark and outsell others. With more than a dozen of companies standing against
the Mac leader, in all display sizes, colour options and low cost- Apple needs
to widen its product portfolio.

To catch the live audio streaming of the conference call, you can visit this
page (http://events.apple.com.edgesuite.net/13houbqwdvowuhb04/event/index.html)
today. You need QuickTime installed on your system to be able to listen to the
live streaming.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook's Letter To His Employees After The Event Success

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 364  words


Tim Cook says iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the biggest advancements in iPhone
history.

Wednesday, September 10, 2014: September 9, was indeed a big day for Apple
employees, when the company revealed its highly awaited Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus
and Apple Watch with many add-on features. On the D-Day Apple CEO Tim Cook took
an opportunity to congratulate his employees for the triumph of their hard
efforts put for the big day.

Below is the complete letter by Tim Cook which first appeared in 9to5Mac.

Team, It's an incredible day for Apple.

We've just wrapped up an exciting event at the Flint Center here in Cupertino,
where we announced two extraordinary new iPhones - iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -
which are the biggest advancements in iPhone history. Our customers won't
believe the amazing performance from our new A8 chip and the stunning 4.7-inch
and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays. These are the thinnest iPhones ever, delivering
those bigger displays in a dramatic new design.

We also introduced Apple Pay, a whole new category of service that makes paying
at the cashier or online easier, more secure and more private. It's another
example of how hard we work to solve complex problems and make them simple for
our users.

And of course, we unveiled our most personal device ever with Apple Watch. This
is a product which will change what people expect from wearable technology.
Apple Watch lets you connect and communicate in a more intimate way, featuring a
revolutionary user interface for an exquisitely crafted product that people will
love to wear. It also includes comprehensive health and fitness apps that can
help people lead healthier lives. You're going to hear a lot more about Apple
Watch and what it can do in the months to come.

A day like today reminds us what sets Apple apart from any other company on
earth. We bring together the best hardware, software and services to create a
seamless and intuitive user experience. Our products enrich people's lives,
which is something rare and special.

Congratulations to all of you who worked so hard to deliver these amazing
innovations for our customers. I hope you are as excited as I am about this new
chapter in Apple's story.

Tim

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Apple is killing its 16GB variant with iPhone 7: WSJ

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


NEW DELHI: There have been rumours about Apple junking its 16GB model with the
upcoming iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. According to a report in Wall Street
Journal (WSJ), quoting person familiar with Apple's plans, "Instead of 16GB as a
starting point for the entry-level iPhone, the new starting point will be
32GB...." This means Apple would reportedly be bringing 32GB storage option back
to its iPhone lineup after a gap of three years. Apple iPhone 5S, which was
launched in 2013, came with a 32GB variant.

However, all iPhones launched after that -- iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s,
iPhone 6s Plus, and iPhone SE -- come in 16GB and 64GB variants. Apple added a
128GB variant with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models.While the larger 5.5-inch
iPhone 7 is expected to come in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants, the
smaller version is said to come in 32GB, 64GB and 256GB storage variants.As
widely speculated by several other publications too, the report adds that the
larger version of the rumoured iPhone 7 will sport a 5.5-inch display and a
dual-camera sensor.The dual camera set-up is expected to help users capture
images in different depth of fields so that theu can later choose what they want
to focus in the image in the post editing phase.In addition, the smaller iPhone
7 version is likely to come with a 4.7-inch display. Also, though the smaller
version is unlikely to get the dual-camera setup, it is expected to still be
receiving an upgrade on camera front. The report also claims that the upcoming
models won't sport a headphone jack.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

New iPhones to arrive Oct. 23

BYLINE: Jerusalem Post staff; Globes' Tzachi Hoffman and Reuters contributed to
this report.

SECTION: ECONOMICS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 173 words


Apple announced its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones will be available for
purchase in Israel on October 23.

The 16GB regular iPhone will be priced at NIS 3,500, and the iPhone 6 Plus, also
16GB, will go for NIS 4,200.

The phones have been on sale in the UK, Germany, US and Canada and other
countries since September 19.

The iPhones will arrive in 36 additional countries and territories across
Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and Africa by the end of this
month, Apple said.

The phones will be made available in China, the world's biggest smartphone
market, and India from October 17.

Other countries where the phones will be launched include, Czech Republic,
Greenland, Poland, South Africa, Bahrain and Kuwait, making this the fastest
rollout of iPhones, the company said.

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus feature 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays.

The new iPhones come with iOS 8, featuring a simpler, faster and more intuitive
user experience with new Messages and Photos features.

The models come in gold, silver or space gray.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 NTNews Edition

At last that 'one more thing'

BYLINE: By ROD CHESTER in Sydney National technology writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 605 words


Apple's new varieties full of byte APPLE yesterday launched a war on three
fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to tackle the phablet threat, a
tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet and a wearable device it hopes
will rule them all.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs
three years ago, used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved
since first hearing it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the
Cupertino tech company sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for goods with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores.

The idea of using your phone at the check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the
deals it has made with American Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major
American banks and a string of retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take
off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia.

Apple Pay puts Apple in direct competition with services like PayPal and Google
Wallet.

Users will pay by holding a phone close to a contactless reader with their
finger on the touch ID fingerprint system. It's also set to work with the Apple
Watch.

"Apple Pay will forever change the way we pay for things," said Mr Cook. After
years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple Watch
was also unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and to $999-$1249 for
a 16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word on Australian
availability and pricing.

5 THINGS APPLE DIDN'T TELL US - The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at
night by touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need
recharging is anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

- When does the Apple Watch come to Australia? It will be after Christmas but
how about early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch -
perhaps with an esky and thongs app.

- What will Apple Pay mean to Australians?

Apple has announced a bunch of US retailers and banks but no details of when it
will come to Australia and how it will work.

- Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.

- While we were given stats on battery usage, one thing you can never learn in a
product launch is what battery use is like in real-world examples.The iPhone 6
and 6 Plus were said to have a battery life equal if not better than the iPhone
5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus coming on October 17, pricing left to partners

BYLINE: Tech Desk

LENGTH: 153  words


Apple India has send out official notes saying iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will
be available in India beginning Friday, October 17. Pre-orders for the two
phones will begin Tuesday, October 7.

The good news here is that contradictory to earlier speculation, the iPhone 6
Plus is also coming to India. However, unlike earlier years Apple has not yet
listed the price of the two phones or its different variants. "Pricing details
will be soon made available by Apple's partners: Ingram Micro, Redington, Rashi
Peripherals and Reliance." the note said.

IndianExpress.com had earlier reported that the iPhone 6 will be coming to India
by October 18 at a price of around Rs 55,000. E-commerce players like
Grabmore.in are already taking pre-orders for the iPhone 6 from Indian
customers.

Another interesting aspect of any new iPhone launch is the price cut on earlier
models. That is where usually Apple rakes in a lot of volume.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Max Hawks

                              150 Maple Ave  #166
                          South Plainnfield,  NJ 07080
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (201) 830-1559
URL: www.americanhawks.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Max Hawks We are wholesaler and distributor of iPhone 6 Cases, iPhone 6 Plus
Cases, iPhone 6 + Cases, iPhone Cases - We are wholesaler and distributor of
iPhone 6 Cases, iPhone 6 Plus Cases, iPhone 6 + Cases, iPhone Cases

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple react to bendy iPhone 6 claims;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 435 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones,
hours after withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles
to restore momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.


Apple Inc broke its silence on complaints about bending iPhones, hours after
withdrawing a glitch-ridden software update as the company struggles to restore
momentum to the rollout of its latest phones.

"With normal use, a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and through our first six
days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted Apple with a bent iPhone
6 Plus," Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in an email.

Apple shares closed down nearly 4 percent at dollar 97.87 on Thursday, wiping
out nearly dollar 23 billion in market value.

The new phones face criticism over their bendability, dubbed "bendgate." Social
media and online forums have been abuzz with comments about how the new phones
can bend when placed in back pockets or while wearing skinny jeans. Apple said
its iPhones feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce
high-stress locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry.
The only way an iPhone may have bent is if someone put it in their back pocket
and sat on the phone for a very long time, said Laban Roomes, chief executive
officer of Goldgenie, which customizes and gold plates iPhones. Apple was also
forced to withdraw a faulty update to its latest operating system after some
users of its new phones complained of call service disruptions. Apple released a
new software update late on Thursday to fix the problems, which it said affected
fewer than 40,000 devices. "I do believe this speaks to execution issues at
Apple," said JMP Securities analyst Alex Gauna. "At the end of the day I believe
this too shall pass, but we are noting with concern that the miscues pile up."
Apple said on Monday it had shipped 10 million units of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Users of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus also complained about the inability to use the
fingerprint-reading Touch ID after updating to iOS 8.0.1. Some users had
complained of "sluggish Wi-Fi and dwindling battery life" after moving to iOS 8,
Time magazine reported earlier this week. (http://ti.me/1pqlCPt) On Thursday,
Apple issued a step-by-step guide for users to reinstall iOS 8, launched last
week, through the latest version of iTunes. The health app will not work for now
and will be fixed in the next software update, the company said. Customers
might, however, hope for replacements for their bent iPhones, depending on
whether their devices passed an inspection, tech news website the Next Web
reported, quoting an Apple support executive. (http://tnw.co/1rlv7mW) "It's not
game over for Apple, but nor should we give them a pass on this," Gauna said.
(Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 7:59 PM GMT

What you need to know about the iPhone 6;
Apple announced details of the new iPhone 6 at a special event in San Francisco
today

BYLINE: By Justin Connolly

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 341 words


Have you heard? There's a new iPhone coming out. Actually, there are two new
iPhones coming out. And here is all the things you really need to know about it.

1 The iPhone 6 will come in two new sizes, one slightly bigger than the 4in
screen on the iPhone 5S with a 4.7in screen, and one massive one (called iPhone
6 Plus) with a 5.5in screen. The new iOS software will allow you to use a
special iPad-style landscape display which will display some side-list info in
apps like email. The screens are even higher resolution than before, with 401ppi
on the Plus.

2 There's a barometer in the phone which uses air pressure to measure elevation.
In other words, when you're running or cycling with it, it can tell when you're
going uphill and how high you go...

3 The camera is better - in so many ways. Even though the 8MP sensor has the
same number of pixels as in the iPhone 5S, all sorts of tweaks to hardware mean
much better images. There's an all-new sensor, and software improvements bring
faster focusing and image stabilisation. Great improvements, too, to video
capture - especially some wonderful stabilisation, which works wonders with
shaky hands.

4 It'll run iOS 8, obviously, which features all the advantages of improved
messaging, the new health app, and notifications from all your favourite apps.
iOS 8 will be out on September 17 for other devices.

5 A new service - called Apple Pay - will allow you to 'seamlessly' pay for
things with your iPhone 6.  Or at least it will when it's 'eventually' available
in the UK. Al payment info is encrypted in the device and is never seen or
stored by third parties.

6 It will be available on September 16, but you can order one on September 12.
iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey, and will be available unlocked
from Apple for £539 for the 16GB model, £619 for the 64GB model and, for the
first time, a new 128GB model for £699. iPhone 6 Plus comes in gold, silver or
space grey, and will be available for £619 for the 16GB model, £699 for the 64GB
model and £789 for the new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            January 11, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for week ending Jan. 11;
Smaller, cheaper; bigger, cheaper; bigger, more expensive

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1693 words


Even without Apple being at the gigantic Consumer Electronics Show this week in
Las Vegas, it proved to be a treasuretrove of iPhone 6 revelations for those
with the wit to look beneath the surface of things.

Things like IGZO screens. And Gorilla Glass 3.

Also this week: The sky darkened under the crisscrossing trajectories of
contradictory speculation: The Next iPhone would be smaller and cheaper; and
bigger and cheaper; and bigger and more expensive. Or something.

IN THE NEWS: Will Apple introduce a lower-priced iPhone?

You read it here second.

__________ __________ And they didn't even realize it! Not so sharp, after all,
apparently.

GottaBeMobile's Adam Mills found Sharp's booth, at the Consumer Electronics Show
(CES), where the company was proudly showing its IGZO display technology. (You
can check out GottaBeMobile's video, which shows a prototype tablet sporting the
prototype display.) "Sharp not only showed off flexible displays like Samsung,
but maybe more importantly, the company showed off its IGZO display technology,
the same technology that has been rumored to be coming with the next iPhone
model, presumably called the iPhone 5S or the iPhone 6," Mill announced, just in
case you weren't au courant with the IGZO rumors, which are almost as tediously
repetitive as the rumors that Apple's next iWhatever will have a fabulous
Liquidmetal body.

IGZO displays can be brighter, higher-than-1080p resolution, and much more power
efficient than conventional displays, according to Sharp, which with several
other display vendors is a major supplier to Apple.

In a few sentences, possibly using copy/paste or a macro, Mills deftly summed up
months of rumors about the next iPhone. And then he ruined it all at the end.

"Keep in mind, Apple rumors often don't pan out so it's possible that Apple will
go in a different direction with the new iPad and the new iPhone in 2013," he
wrote.

No one has yet connected the dots between another CES reveal and the Next iPhone
: TrackingPoint's Precision Guided Firearm (PCWorld has details), which marries
a high-tech digital scope and sensors with a custom-built Surgeon Rifles
bolt-action long rifle. Among other things, the PGF uses Wi-Fi to display its
high-tech in-scope image and data on its accessory iPad mini. Using the Next
iPhone and a new software protocol, iShoot, to remotely control the rifle,
upload photos and video to iCloud, and automatically sync calendars with your
local butcher is an obvious next step.

If only we could have CES once a month instead of once a year.

Jonathan Leggett, of USwitch.com, was hanging around in Vegas, too, and took
note of Corning's announcement that a "new strain of Gorilla Glass purported to
be three times tougher than the version currently in service on top-end
smartphones, paving the way for a new generation of more robust handsets."

And one Very Special New Generation Handset in particular.

According to a March 2012 post by 9to5Mac's Seth Weintraub, Apple and Corning's
relationship has been "shrouded in mystery."

The glassmaker was never mentioned in Apple marketing material and "even isn't
included in Apple's supplier lists," he wrote.

But on March 2, 2012, "Apple released its US Jobs report which included the
following info: 'Corning employees in Kentucky and New York who create the
majority of the glass for iPhone...,'" Weintraub noted.

"Debuted at the Consumer Electronics Show this week, Gorilla Glass 3 has been
conditioned to be less brittle than ever before thanks to an ion-bonding
treatment and some clever atomic jiggery-pokery that we're not even going to
pretend to understand," Leggett wrote, with disarming humility. (But the neat
British-ism "jiggery-pokery" usually suggests trickery or underhandedness rather
than manipulation.) With somewhat less humility, Leggett didn't hesitate to draw
the obvious conclusion.

"With rumours indicating that Samsung could opt for a plastic screen for its
next kit - possibly even a flexible one - we think [GG3 is] most likely to debut
on the sixth-gen iPhone," he declared. "Especially given that Gorilla Glass has
featured in every iPhone since the iPhone 4 dropped back in 2010."

Without a trace of irony, a BGR post this week says that a "new report adds
weight to recent rumors" that Apple will launch more than one iPhone model by
mid-2013.

The "report" is that treasure trove of firsthand, in-depth knowledge called the
Note to Investors, this one by stock analyst T. Michael Walkley, of Canaccord
Genuity. In the note, Walkley "sees," according to BGR's Zach Epstein, "Apple
launching a new 'higher-end iPhone' sometime in the June quarter, and a low-end
model could be in the works as well."

Whoa. Not just a cheaper iPhone 6-or-whatever but also a more expensive one!

According to BGR, Walkley wrote, "We believe Apple could launch a higher-end
iPhone model by the June quarter versus its more typical September/October
timing for a new iPhone launch. We also believe Apple could potentially launch a
lower-end iPhone focused on more price-sensitive pre-paid markets, as we believe
consumers in markets such as China, Latin America and Eastern Europe would have
very strong demand for a more affordably priced 3G iPhone."

Walkley clearly is willing to take the Rumor Games to the next level, since
among the most fecund of recent rumors has been the one insisting that Apple
must, must introduce a less expensive version of the iPhone, or face Collapse,
Failure, Utter Destruction, and the End of the World. [See "Will Apple introduce
a lower-priced iPhone?"] Probably the more expensive Next iPhone will have a
much larger screen, in super high-def with IGZO, a quad-core processor, bigger
battery, a kaleidoscope of colors, and Gorilla Glass 3 if not 4. Oh yes: and NFC
contactless payments.

For a long time, the Rollup has boycotted any mention of "concept art," a.k.a.
"fan art," that purports to show what the Next iPhone will look like, based on
current rumors, febrile imagings, or certain organic chemical agents. Or some
combination thereof.

But when Macworld Australia's Ashleigh Allsopp headlines her post, "Is this what
Apple's iPhone 6 will look like?" we'll make an exception.

Although she doesn't answer the headline's question, we will boldly go where so
far no one apparently has and say, "Uh, no."

"New images of a potential iPhone 6 design have been created based on an alleged
test prototype, sporting a similar shape to the latest iPod nano," Allsopp
reveals.

The renderings are the latest by a talented Italian designer, Federico
Ciccarese, with the Twitter handle @ciccaresedesign, a website where he posts
these illustrations, and an acknowledged need for some work assignments.

Ciccarese mentions something about his newest creations being based on some
iPhone test prototype, but in practice it looks like he just "grew" the iPod
nano into the Next iPhone. And added something called "iOSX," a hybrid blend of
iOS and OS X.

And this is what he comes up with.  Here is his previous rendering of the
expected iPhone 5, and you can judge for yourself how closely that resembled the
final product.  This is getting confusing, even by the standards of iOSphere
rumoring: smaller and cheaper; bigger and more expensive; bigger but cheaper;
more expensive but smaller. All of the above.

A characteristically brief and anonymously sourced story at International
Business Times repeated the rumor that "according to supply-chain sources,"
Apple will introduce a low-cost version of iPhone for China and similar markets,
in the latter half of 2013. So far, so yawn.

But there was this little iOSphere twist: "Some sources claimed that they have
seen the sample of the low-cost iPhone, which will come with a larger display
..." So the intensely rumored "iPhone mini" moniker refers to the phone's price,
not its dimension.

The reasons for the cheaper but bigger iPhone 6? "Growing sales of the iPad mini
... may have served as an impetus for Apple to roll out a low-cost iPhone ..."
And "Qualcomm's recent launch of its latest family of Snapdragon chipsets ...
for the entry-level to mid-range smartphones may pave the way for Apple bringing
out the low-cost iPhone ..."

The latter reason is a bit odd, verging on a technical non sequitur. Because
Qualcomm offers the ARM-based Snapdragon as a mobile system on a chip, with the
processor integrated with a bunch of other components. With the iPhone 5's A6
chip, Apple apparently has for the first time custom-designed its own ARM-based
main processor, manufactured by Samsung. Apple does use Qualcomm's mobile data
modem chipsets, but not the Snapdragon.

"You'd think if Apple wanted to make a low-cost iPhone, it would be small,"
wrote Dave Smith, at International Business Times, after reading the DigiTimes
account of unsupported anonymous speculation. "An 'iPhone nano,' if you will."
(Smith must have been watching Frederico's design blog!) You would think that.
But you would be wrong. Apple is, after all, magical.

"If DigiTimes' sources are correct, Apple's "low-cost iPhone" could easily look
like a Galaxy S3 smartphone, and given its 'low cost,' it might even compete
with Samsung's prices, too," Smith concluded.

So if DigiTimes' sources are correct, Apple is going to imitate the Galaxy S III
and voluntarily start a price war with Samsung.

DigiTimes and various stock analysts agree, according to Smith: "Apple wants to
sell a lower-priced iPhone. Whether the 'iPhone 6' will be bigger or smaller has
yet to be determined; Apple simply wants it to be cheaper." Clearly. "The
obvious explanation: A cheaper iPhone -- easily the company's most popular
product -- would help Apple penetrate some key markets, particularly those
Eastern, lower-income areas like China and India."

We can hear Apple CEO Tim Cook now, the new Colossus gazing to the East and
crying out, "Give me your tired, your poor, your lower-income huddled masses
yearning to buy an Apple iPhone, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send
these, the phoneless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my cheaper iPhone 6 beside the
golden door."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Christensen Young & Associates Sues Apple in Federal Court over Alleged iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Design Flaw

LENGTH: 139  words


(PRWeb) - On Wednesday, August 31, 2016, Christensen Young & Associates filed a
class action suit in Federal Court (Civil Action No. 2:16-cv-00916) against
Apple Computers, Inc., in relation to Apple`s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The
complaint alleges Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have 2 touch IC chips which
were not properly secured to the logic board causing them to fail prematurely.

The complaint alleges that while there are temporary fixes, such as purchasing a
new IPhone 6, or installing a new logic board, the same result will ultimately
occur.

The complaint alleges that many users have come across these problems after the
warranty has lapsed, costing users hundreds of dollars to try to fix their
phones.

For more information on the suit contact Christensen Young & Associates, at
866-861-3333. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Upsetting the Apple cart;
LESS HYPE: Bundaberg phone users shun iPhone

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 444  words


Carolyn Archer

carolyn.archer@news-mail.com.au

THE wait is over and after months of speculation, leaked images and rumours, the
latest offering from Apple has been launched, but it seems in Bundaberg, Apple
has lost its shine.

During a rock star reveal, Apple went all out to launch not one but two phones,
the iPhone 6 and the larger iPhone 6 Plus, which will be available in Australia
on September 19.

Apple then backed it up, launching its first wearable technology, the Apple
Watch, which is expected to hit our shelves from early 2015.

And while Bundaberg retailers have taken a steady stream of pre-sale orders,
Android technology devices, especially Samsung phones, appear to have the lion's
share of the Bundaberg market.

Support for Apple among the NewsMail's Facebook followers was few and far
between and Bundaberg Telephone Company manager Curtis Baldwin said the interest
hasn't been at the level of the iPhone 5 release.

"There was less hype, but we've still taken pre-orders all day," he said.

"The two sizes are of interest.

"But there are a lot more options for Android phones users."

Mr Baldwin said superior coverage and splash resistance were important features
the iPhone couldn't claim.

"We get people coming in and the first thing they say is "~it needs to work in
rural areas'," he said.

"We don't know yet whether the iPhone 6 will have the rural tick, which means
it's recommended for rural areas."

But Mr Baldwin still believes there will be stock shortages and recommends
people get in early if the want to be amount the first to get their hands on the
new iPhone.

One key feature of the devices will be Apple Pay, a contactless payment
technology which will allow iPhone 6 or Apple Watch users to pay in an easy,
secure, and private way.

While the technology won't be immediately available here, Apple Pay will be
available in the USA from next month and work is underway to take it worldwide
in the near future.

The iPhone 6 comes in gold, silver or space grey and will be available in
Australia for $869 for the 16GB model up to $1129 for the 128GB model.

The iPhone 6 Plus also comes in gold, silver or space grey and will be available
for $999 for the 16GB model up to $1249 for the 128GB model.

But colours and price won't concern many of the NewsMail's Facebook followers,
who are in no hurry to rush out and get an iPhone 6.

Angela Koy said Apple need to greatly improve upon things like battery before
she goes back to iPhone.

"I just made the switch to a Galaxy S5 this week," she said.

And Molly Veronica Ormonde shared her view. "I have been an Apple fan since day
one, but once my contract is up, I think I will be going with Samsung or HTC."

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 23, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

10 million Apple iPhone 6 sold, but Google challenge and Xiaomi punch yet to
come

LENGTH: 1126  words


Today the news which is making rounds on the Internet is the latest figures
about the launch of Iphone 6, According to the Cupertino giant the company has
sold over 10 million new Iphone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in just three days
after the launch on September 19.

But the handset maker might just lose the war against Google and Xiaomi this
time. Well, we do know Apple handsets will be one of the best-sellers of the
year in 2014 but with Google's new baby Android One and Xiaomi that are
targeting markets at budget price points, Apple's premium phones could see a
tough competition this year.

We are trying to understand why and how.

Okay Apple sold 10 million handsets in 3 days, so what?

Apple iPhone with iOS 8 are in huge demand no doubt, but the sale comes from the
US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico,
Singapore, and the UK. They are yet to strike the emerging markets like China
and India where it sold good number of handsets last year.

According to Curt Prins, a Mobile Strategist, Apple's primary market is US,
which controls 42 percent of Smartphone sales. The US market is saturated with
Smartphones where roughly 75 percent of Americans own one. To increase the
numbers Apple needs to concentrate on emerging markets, where the new phones are
delayed.

1. Apple has left the emerging markets unattended

If we are looking at India in flash sale of 40,000 Xiaomi RedMi 1S handsets,
this company also called the 'Apple of China' is able to sell off the stock in
less than 5 seconds. That's quite a feat you would agree.

Curt Prins hopes high about the Android One with which Google now targets to
sell 2 million smartphones by year's end in one country alone- that is India.
That's not all, there are other below 5K phones in this market which are all
ready to replace the feature phones in Indian market.

Note that feature phones are still dominating the Indian market with 71% market
share of mobile phones. This overall market stands at 63.21 million units at Q2
2014 according to IDC.

In Q1 2015, more companies will come up with Android One phones in the market
with better specs. By this time we have Mozilla (this is yet to reveal initial
sale figures) and Datawind with free lifetime Internet connectivity for sale. We
do  not know whether they will achieve staggering sale, but the sale will
definitely go in Android's favor.

According to a report in PTI today, Asia Pacific today accounts for about half
of global Smartphone connections, in which China alone has, the world's largest
smartphone market, with more than 629 million smartphone connections. This
country is also not on Apple's radar for selling iPhone 6 in the first round of
sales.

China is followed by US (196.8 million connections), Brazil (141.8 million) and
India (111 million connections), according to PTI. Does this give some insight
on the competition Apple could face?

2. Apple will skip the major festival season sale in India

When we talk about India, we have two major sale seasons (could be three festive
seasons) coming up - (1) Diwali in October, Chirstmas (2) New Year in December
end (3) since the GOSF online shopping festival was organized in middle of
December last year, we expect GOSF this year too in December.

Out of these three festive seasons, the main gift season is Diwali when people
buy new consumer durables. Apple might miss this year's Diwali season, when
Samsung HTC, LG and more will get their best products to the stores. Samsung is
getting the Galaxy Alpha (look alike of the iPhone 5S from last year) for the
season which if prices well, could make a dent into Apple Smartphones sale
figures.

The year end that will come in India and China is expected to marked by GOSF in
India and new year sale in China. After missing the main sale season in Indian
Apple will need to pin hopes to the year end sale in Indian and China.

3. In China it could be a close battle with Xiaomi

According to figures from April 2014 (CounterPoint Research) Xiaomi RedMi 1S was
the best selling handset in China, followed by the iPhone 4S and 5S. In May 2014
the RedMi 1S skipped to the number 9th position while Apple moved to the top
position. The Mi3 from Xiaomi stood at number 4 position.

According to a report in Gizbot by volume the RedMi 1S is more popular than most
of the other smartphones in the world, in Q2 2014. This has been shown in the a
new research from Strategy Analytics' Country Share Tracker (CST).

Samsung Galaxy S4, S5 also are good selling smartphones in China.

Note that Xiaomi is one of the fastest-growing tech companies in the world
according to research firm Canalys in June this year.

4. With Android One and other Android phones, the makers are multiple

Apple's biggest drawback is that the handset is manufactured by one
manufacturer- Foxconn. Foxconn is the only supplier manufacturing the 5.5-inch
iPhone 6 Plus and is responsible for most of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 units, a Wall
Street Journal reported last week.

Though the iPhone 6 maker is churning out 140,000 iPhone 6 Plus and 400,000
iPhone 6 every day, this is not the model that Android One follows or, cheap
Android handset makers follow.

Google is working with partners in India who are known to get the hardware done
at Chinese factories and then re-brand them in India. While this makes them use
chips that are cheap and not great performers as Apple's they do come in cheap.
Cheap to the extent that you can but one such phone and an Xbox One in the money
you wish to put in to purchase an iPhone. (This is based on speculation that
Apple iPhone 6 won't come cheaper than INR 50K, in which amount you can buy a
RedMi 1S from Xiaomi - INR 5,999 and Xbox One from Microsoft - INR 45,990)

5. Apple iPhone 6 are premium phones, no more

The new iPhones this year do not really bring much design innovation or boast
unique features, which otherwise is the 'USP' of Apple. It sports a mediocre
design, which resembles some of the Android phones.

If Apple goes to a premium unlocked price point that takes it above INR 50K,
Google will Have Motorola phone, HTC will have the 64-bit Snapdragon powered
Desire 820q pegged against the iPhone 6.

Micromax has got its Canvas Gold, Canvas Nitro cheap phone with premium looks,
Samsung has got Galaxy Alpha with iPhone 5S like looks, HTC has its One M7 and
M8 and Lg has its LG G3 this year for the market, which will be cheaper than the
new iPhones. And yes, Google is also expected to get the Nexus 6 this year in
October.

How the market will behave in case Apple decides to launch the handsets with
carriers at subsidized price point, it is difficult to say how the market will
respond. But be sure the war between iOS 8 and Android is no more between Apple
and Samsung - there is Google and Xiaomi in the race too.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                               September 3, 2014

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 532  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. XU ZHONGYUAN/CHINA DAILY

Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

New iPads go into production; could reinvigorate sales growth
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations China Mobile did not disclose whether the
preorder would be expanded to the rest of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil
the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 532  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. XU ZHONGYUAN/CHINA DAILY

Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

New iPads go into production; could reinvigorate sales growth
Top 10 game-changing Apple innovations China Mobile did not disclose whether the
preorder would be expanded to the rest of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil
the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

EMPIRE Introduces SLIM SHOCK Series for iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE

BYLINE: Empire Cell Phone Accessories

LENGTH: 341  words


Riverside, CA,  June 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- EMPIRE Cell Phone Accessories is
proud to announce the launch of its newest phone case series, the MPERO SLIM
SHOCK Flexible Bumper Protection Case Series for the iPhone 6/6s, iPhone 6
Plus/6S Plus, and iPhone SE. Available in time for Father's Day, this new phone
case series is available today online and in their Riverside, CA Retail
Showroom.

This phone case may be slim, but it was made for protection. On the interior of
the SLIM SHOCK, there are hundreds of circular shock absorbing spacers that
create a cushion of air for an additional layer of protection. The corners of
phones are extremely vulnerable, and easily broken upon impact, that's why the
SLIM SHOCK is designed with bumpers around the edges to prevent serious damage
from clumsy drops or accidental falls. The ribbed sides of the case are
ergonomically designed for a comfortable grip. The case comes in clear, as well
as translucent tints of gold and pink for those who want to add a hint of color.

The MPERO SLIM SHOCK Series case for the iPhone 6/6S, iPhone 6 Plus/6S Plus, and
iPhone SE are available today on empirecase.com for $8.99 each. Additional MPERO
SLIM SHOCK Series cases are available for Samsung Galaxy S7, Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge, Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime, and Samsung Galaxy J1
(2016).

About EMPIRE

Launched in 2011 by a cell phone case designer who was fed up with limited cell
phone case options, EMPIRE believes that every cell phone user is unique and has
a right to a case that suits them perfectly. That's why designer Laura Land and
her team spend three months each year researching current trends and styles
before designing each year's collection of cases. Available for all major brands
and styles, EMPIRE offer everything from striking solids to bold designs for men
and women. With a goal to offer high quality at low prices, EMPIRE focuses on
bundle sales and always offers free worldwide shipping on all orders. To learn
more or find your perfect case, visit www.empirecase.com today.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     September 22, 2015 Tuesday 3:54 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus review roundup: stronger, faster, heavier;
They can shoot Live Photos, have pressure-sensitive screens, an always-listening
Siri, and faster fingerprint sensors, but look identical to last year's models

BYLINE: Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1279 words


Apple's new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus smartphones land in customers hands on Friday,
but a select bunch of reviewers have been given early access.

The Guardian is not one of those picked by Apple to receive a sample of the
iPhone 6S and 6S Plus ahead of its release, and will publish a review after
buying one at the same time as consumers.

In the meantime, here is a quick roundup of the general opinion on Apple's
latest.

Review: Apple's iPhone 6s And 6s Plus Go 'Tick' - Tech Crunch

                     Matthew Panzarino sees quite an uptick in performance of
this year's iPhone over the iPhone 6, in its "tick-tock" upgrade cycle :

In our tests, there was a 56.5% increase in Geekbench benchmark scores from the
iPhone 6 Plus to the iPhone 6s Plus. That follows a 97% increase from the iPhone
5 to the iPhone 5s. In comparison, there was only a 24.9% increase from the
iPhone 5s to the iPhone 6. In terms of performance, the 'tock' years are really
kicking the 'tick' years in the butt.

iPhone 6S review: Apple's 3D Touch screen and camera improvements make the best
better - Digital Spy

Despite the iPhone 6S being thicker and heavier than its predecessor, Matt Hill
found it wasn't noticeable.

No need to grumble, this is still slim by any standard, with the phone's
increased portliness barely noticeable and the added 14g giving the phone a more
reassuring heft. Easily the most well constructed handset on the market -
despite increased competition from the likes of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC
One M9 - the iPhone 6S's cool-to-the-touch metal body and softly curved edges
make the phone look and feel great.

iPhone 6S review: Apple presses forward - The Verge

Nilay Patel loves the new pressure-sensitive "3D Touch" screen but admits that
it's not exactly a novel concept, even if it's a new implementation:

On the home screen, app icons can show quick actions when you push them. Pushing
on a calendar entry shows you more information about it, and pushing on a map
pin lets you jump straight to directions. Pushing on a message in Mail opens a
preview that you can slide to either side to delete or archive, and pushing
harder opens the message. It's the same in Safari: pushing lightly on a link
opens a preview, and pushing slightly harder actually opens the page. It's not
some insane lightning bolt of inspiration; Google is doing something very
similar with Material Design and Microsoft has been sliding things all over the
screen since someone was drunk enough to approve the name 'Windows Phone 7
Series'. But 3D Touch [is] by far the most aggressive and interesting step in
this direction anyone has ever taken.

iPhone 6s Review: A Slightly Better iPhone 6 - The Wall Street Journal

The camera's better, the processor is faster and it has a new screen, but the
battery life of the iPhone is still poor, according to Joanna Stern:

Let's get this out of the way first. The No. 1 thing people want in a smartphone
is better battery life. And the iPhone 6s doesn't deliver that. The 4.7-inch 6s
will get you through the day, but you'll struggle to make it til bedtime with
moderate to heavy use. And it seemed to drain even faster than my 6 when I used
the new processor-intensive camera features like Live Photos. The bigger
5.5-inch 6s Plus lasted longer and is the best choice if you're a heavy user and
want some juice left over at the end of the day.

I Used The Crap Out Of The New iPhone 6S And This Is What Happened - BuzzFeed
Life

Writing for BuzzFeed Life (not BuzzFeed News, that's below) Nicole Nguyen found
Apple's marketing a little distasteful :

The marketing slogan for the 6S is "The only thing that's changed is
everything," which is funny because that's, well, not true. Take a look at the
hardware. It's impossible to tell the difference between the 6S and 6 iPhones,
save for a tinyyy [sic] ant-sized "S" on the rear and slightly more heft (the 6S
phones are one ounce heavier). They're fraternal twins that basically look like
identical twins. What is different are the few, significant internal
improvements, one of which is what I think will entice people (namely, me) to
upgrade. 3D Touch is the 6S's killer feature. But it depends on what apps decide
to support it.

Yet Another iPhone 6s Review - BuzzFeed News

John Paczkowski found images shot by the 12-megapixel camera were generally
better, as you would expect.

The photos I've taken with the new 12 megapixel rear camera on the iPhone 6s
look a little bit better than the ones I've taken with the 8 megapixel one on
the iPhone 6 - and even my not-at-all-a-photographer's eye can see that. Apple
says this is because of "improved local tone mapping" and an "advanced pixel
technology" called Focus Pixels. It probably is. I don't care. What matters is
that pictures of my daughters look warmer, sharper, more detailed, whatever. And
they look equally good when I blow them up.

iPhone 6S Plus review: Is bigger better? - Pocket-Lint

Stuart Miles says the optical stabilisation and phase detection autofocus make
the new 12-megapixel upgrade to the iPhone's camera a winner, but Live Photos
are a mixed bag for now.

A lot of Live Photos we've shot have footage of us hastily dropping the camera
after taking the shot. Another frustration is that audio is automatically
recorded, which at times is lovely - a child's giggle for example - but not so
great when you've got the same child screaming in the background. All that extra
video adds to their size too, meaning a Live Photo is worth around two still
photos in terms of space. While you can offload some of that to Apple's iCloud
Drive service (at a yearly subscription) a 16GB iPhone 6S Plus isn't going to
stretch as far as it used to (compounding the argument for a 32GB minimum
model).

iPhone 6S Review: Come for the New Features, Stay for the Screaming Speed -
Bloomberg

Speed is at the heart of the new iPhones for Sam Grobart, including the new and
improved fingerprint scanner:

The Touch ID sensor is instantaneous: By the time you've pressed the home button
to wake up the phone, you've already authenticated yourself and are on the home
screen.

iPhone 6s review: built for success - The Telegraph

According to Rhiannon Williams, the always-listening "Hey Siri" feature needs a
bit of work learning to ignore everyone but you :

Thanks to the integrated A9, Siri is now always on, waiting to be activated by
the command "Hey Siri". This is attuned to your voice when you first set Siri up
during the iPhone activation process, which means Siri is supposed to be able to
pick out your voice alone from within a crowded room. I did find that a woman of
a similar age and voice range to myself was able to activate Siri from a
distance by speaking a command, so maybe this is a feature which needs a bit of
refining.

iPhone 6s Plus review: more battery, better camera and a bigger screen mean new
phone could win you round to huge phones - The Independent

And of that Rose Gold colour, apparently it's difficult to photograph and looks
better in real life, says David Phelan.

The rose gold, by the way, looks better in the flesh than in photos, thanks to a
colour that is understated and warm rather than out-and-out pink.

iPhone 6S review - Tech Radar

Gareth Beavis sees the upgrade as a no-brainer if money is no object, but it's a
much more difficult call for most people.

It's still one of, if not the, most expensive flagship phones on the market, and
as such needs to impress in every way, which the iPhone 6S doesn't quite do. The
iPhone 6 remains on sale at a lower price, and the difference between it and
Apple's latest phone is negligible.

· iOS 9 review: an upgrade to jump for, or skip?

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Scottish Star

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

THE WARP FACTOR OF IPHONE 6;
Owners going around bend

BYLINE: JEFF FARRELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 280 words


FUMING iPhone 6 owners have blasted the gadget for being "bendy".

People who shelled out around £600 for the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have
found that the smartphones "warp" in their pockets.

One user raged his handset "bent" after "a day of dancing, dining, and driving
to a wedding", while a tech website said Apple had "sacrificed durability" with
the slimline look.

Tech journalist Russell Holly, who put the "thin and light" smartphone to the
pocket warp test, found "problems" with it.

He said: "This is potentially a very serious issue. "Unfortunately, it looks
like Apple has sacrificed durability in exchange for that thin profile and
impossibly light experience.

"A phone should be capable of surviving more than the pressure of fabric against
your skin." Users yesterday posted "cringeworthy" photos of the damaged gadgets
online, including one with cracked screen.

And another tech website found the "warping issue" on a "small but growing
number" of iPhone 6 mobiles.

Buyers took to Twitter to rant about the pricey gadgets. One tweeted: "Do Apple
ever launch a phone without a hitch?" But while the tech giants have yet to
comment over "Bendgate", TV football presenter Gary Lineker, 53, claimed the
iPhone 6 range offered nothing new compared to Apple's last effort, the iPhone
5. The ex-England striker said: "Aside from being larger, the iPhone 6 is no
different. And mine freezes constantly."

The moans come as the firm revealed it sold a record 10million of the gadgets
over a few days after its weekend launch.

Apple boss Tim Cook, 53, said: "Sales exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend and we couldn't be happier."

Startech: Page 37 news@dailystar.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FURIOUS: Twitter moan and a cracked screen¦ CRUEL TWIST: The iPhone 6
fails the 'bend test'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSTscot


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 gets record four million order in day one

SECTION: MOBILES, HAND-HELDS, PDAS, SMARTPHONES; Products/Brands/Services

LENGTH: 215 words



HIGHLIGHT: In the UK, US and Australia delivery with start on 19th September.


After its debut on 9th September, Apple announced that it had received over four
million pre-order for the iPhone 6 within the first 24 hours, which is a new
record for the company.

Apple announced that the delivery process will start this Friday (19th
September) for customers in US, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong; Japan, Puerto Rico, and Singapore.

Deliveries in Saudi Arabia, New Zealand and Spain will begin on 26th September.

While orders will be delivered in September, many iPhone pre-orders are also
scheduled for delivery in October.

Apple reported that two million pre-orders were logged in during the first day
for iPhone 5, and one million for iPhone 4S phones in October 2011.

The iPhone maker did not reveal details about the first day order for 5C and 5S
but reported sale of 9 million units within the first three days.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said: "Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new
record for Apple."

The company entered into the big display market with its 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus,
and 4.7 inch iPhone 6, It increased the display size and reduced overall size to
create a slim phone, powered by Apple A8 chip and featuring its latest iOS 8.

Reports suggest that the record number of pre order shows the demand big screen
iPhone had in the market.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

iXpand gets a makeover

BYLINE: Krishna Bahirwani

LENGTH: 526  words


Double benefit for buyers as flash drive for iPhones, iPads gets a design
overhaul and price cut

SanDisk has relaunched the iXpand Flash Drive, the mobile storage device
designed to help people transfer data from an iPhone or iPad while on the go.
The device is available with a storage capacity of up to 128GB. The iXpand Flash
Drive features a new, modern design that fits with most iPhone and iPad cases, a
USB 3.0 connector for faster transfer speeds to Mac or PCs, and a completely
redesigned app to easily manage photos, videos and music.

The iXpand Flash Drive will initially be exclusively available at Amazon.in for
a period of 30 days and then extended to other channels in a phased manner. The
iXpand Flash Drive is available in 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB capacities, at
Rs.3990, Rs.4990, Rs.6990 and Rs.9990, respectively. The drive is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone SE,
iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPad mini and iPod touch (5th generation) running iOS
8.2 or later.

According to a recent consumer survey on the 'Storage Consumption needs of the
Indian consumer' conducted by AMI for SanDisk India, many iPhone users are
looking to free up more space on their phones. "People are using their mobile
phones to capture tons of photos and videos, and about 70% of iPhone users in
India run out of memory every week and end up deleting files," said Rajesh
Gupta, Country Manager - India & SAARC, SanDisk Corporation.

"Our line of mobile storage offerings can immediately help them free up space.
With the new iXpand Flash Drive, people can spend more time using their iPhone
to capture what they love, and less time worrying about how and where to
transfer these photos and videos," he further added.

The iXpand Flash Drive allows users to automatically back up their camera roll
and contacts, and watch popular video formats straight from the drive. The new
drive also includes encryption software that password-protects files, allowing
people to share their content while keeping sensitive files secure across
devices.

The product features a redesigned app, the iXpand Drive app, which offers new
features and an improved user experience. Giving users the option to save space
instantly, the app now has a camera function so users can shoot and save photos
or videos directly to the drive instead of on their iPhone or iPad. The app also
allows users to automatically back up content from popular social networking
sites, as well as play back music within the app.

Pricing and availability

The iXpand Flash Drive features a two-year warranty5 and will initially be
exclusively available at Amazon.in in capacities of 16GB, 32GB, 64GB and 128GB
at Rs.3990, Rs.4990, Rs.6990 and Rs.9990, respectively. The drive is compatible
with iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5s, iPhone SE,
iPhone 5c, iPhone 5, iPad Pro (12.9-inch), iPad Air 2, iPad Air, iPad mini 4,
iPad mini 3, iPad mini 2, iPad mini and iPod touch (5th generation) running iOS
8.2 or later.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        March 9, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhones Get Expensive In India!;
The news of the price hike was confirmed by Apple's retail channel partners.

LENGTH: 255  words


The news of the price hike was confirmed by Apple's retail channel partners.

Monday, March 09, 2015: Apple knows that it has an established market in India,
despite the fact that it has some of the most expensive offerings to make. With
the confidence, Apple has increased the prices of its iPhone devices in India.
The price hike comes almost a week after the Indian government presented its
annual budget.

Apple has hiked the prices of all its iPhones by up to Rs 2,500 in the country.
With the price hike, iPhone 5S will cost Rs 47,000, iPhone 6 is priced at Rs
56,000 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available at Rs 65,000.

The news of the price hike was confirmed by Apple's retail channel partners.
However, when TOI approached the Apple spokesperson, no confirmation could be
ascertained. It is worth mentioning here that the price hike of the iPhones
comes after the Indian government proposed a hike in excise duty on mobile
phones imported into India to 12.5 per cent from existing 6 per cent. With this
move, the Indian government aims to improve the local manufacturing in the union
budget.

Let's take a look at the revised prices of the iPhone devices in India. iPhone
5S 32GB will now be available at Rs 51,500 (old price - Rs 49500). iPhone 6 16GB
gets a Rs 2,500 hike while its 64GB will now cost Rs 65000 (old price - Rs
62,500) and the 128GB version will be available at Rs 74,000 (old price - Rs
71,500).

The iPhone 6 Plus will now cost Rs 65,000 for 16GB, Rs 74,000 for 64GB and Rs
83,000 for 128GB models, a hike of Rs 2,500.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

Apple touts 4 million pre-orders for new iPhones

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 163 words


Apple received more than four million preorders for its new iPhones during the
first 24 hours that they were available, the company announced Monday.

Apple shed some light on advanced sales of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which
are equipped with larger screens. The devices will begin arriving at customers'
doors on Friday, but Apple acknowledged that many will have to wait until
October. The phones will also be available in retail stores starting Friday.

"iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are thrilled
customers love them as much as we do," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We can't wait to get our best iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting
this Friday."

Analysts predicted that customers would rush to get their hands on the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus, which have screens of 4.7 and 5.5 inches, respectively. The
phones also come with better cameras, improved battery life and access to Apple
Pay, a new mobile payments system.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                               November 14, 2014

Glo Commences Sale of Authentic iPhone 6

LENGTH: 266 words


As Apple officially launches its latest phones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in
Nigeria today (November 14), Globacom has assured its teeming subscribers,
especially the thousands of personalities who pre-ordered the handsets, of
adequate stock of the authentic iconic phones.

An earlier statement from the telecommunications company promised to be the
first to make genuine iPhones available to Nigerians who they advised to
purchase their iPhones from Gloworld shops and retail outlets across the country
in order to enjoy the one year warranty from Apple and other mouth-watering
offers which Glo is attaching to two variants of the phones.

This promise to be the first to make the devices officially available led to
Globacom opening its flagship Gloworld outlet on Adeola Odeku, Victoria Island,
Lagos, at midnight to sell the devices to expectant customers.

"Nigerians should get their authentic Apple iPhone and iPhone Plus from Globacom
at the right price, assured quality and great data bundle offers backed up by
Glo 3G high speed internet. Our shop opened from midnight today and will
continue selling the devices in her outlets."

to cater for those who are eager to be the first to own the iPhone 6 on Friday,
November 14 2014", the statement stressed.

It added that "people do not have to ask friends who travel abroad to buy
authentic iPhones for them, or buy fake iPhones from illegal vendors as Apple
has licensed and equipped Globacom to sell authentic iPhones to the good people
of the country. Those who purchase their iPhones from illegal vendors will not
enjoy the warranty from Apple."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                       March 18, 2016 Friday 6:20 PM GMT

iPhone SE, iPad Pro, and new Apple Watch? What to expect from the Apple Event in
March 2016;
The tech giant will be unveiling new products at its next presentation

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 359 words


The time has come for Apple to announce a new range of products - with a new
iPhone and iPad among the expected reveals.

The tech giant is holding their latest Keynote event on Monday in Cupertino,
California, and plenty of rumours are swirling about what could be unveiled.

Here are a few suggestions of what we might see.

Read more

iPhone SE: Apple expected to announce new smaller handset in March

1) A new, smaller iPhone

If the rumours are to be believed, Apple are about to release the iPhone SE,
which stands for Special Edition.

While the iPhone 6 and 6S models were considerably larger than previous
versions, it seems that a new update more similar to the iPhone 4 and 5 is on
the way. It will be a cheaper option than the 6S and 6 Plus, but will still
include the up-to-date A9 chip.

2) A new iPad Pro

There's a lot of speculation about the arrival of a new iPad - which is likely
to be another iPad Pro, but will be more inthe style of the iPad Air 2.

It's expected to feature a 9.7-inch screen, which is smaller than the most
recent Pro model, which was firmly pitched for high-end businesses and creatives
as a laptop alternative.

Fake Play-Doh fingerprint 'fools security scan to hack into iPhone 6'

3) A new Apple Watch - or maybe just accessories

It's a year since the Apple Watch launched, and the consensus seems to have been
that while the wearable device was impressive, like the iPhone it would
considerably improve with updates.

Read more

Is this Apple's new iPhone?

Here's how to find a secret emoticon keyboard for your iPhone...

Fake Play-Doh fingerprint 'fools security scan to hack into iPhone 6'

The arrival of a new Apple Watch model shouldn't be ruled out - after all, the
time between the release of the original iPhone and the iPhone 3G was only a
year - but even if a new version doesn't surface, there should be an
announcement of new accessories and apps.

We won't know for sure until the event takes place on Monday, March 21 at 5pm UK
time. The Keynote can be streamed on Apple devices and on Apple's Safari web
browser.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Apple Rumour Mill Keeps on Churnin'

LENGTH: 280 words


Apple has ordered 85 - 90 million iPhone 6S units from its manufacturers, a
record breaking figure. Franchesca Hashemi writes

This is in comparison to the 70 million iPhone 6 handsets from last year.

The company may not only be hedging its sales figures on the success of two new
iPhones but also the adoption of Apple Pay.

The approximate 90 million handsets order is believed to accommodate two
different iPhone models, one with a 4.7-inch display and the other a 5.5-inch
display. These are the same screen sizes as the previous models: the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus.

It could be argued that 90 million handsets is an oversight. Yet Apple managed
to surpass its own prediction for earnings in the last quarter of 2014, making
$74.6bn instead of $66.5bn.

The last iPhone was launch during a holiday, and it is to be expected that
iPhone 6 and 6Plus will be available after Christmas (31 December 2015).

Leaked images of the new iPhone were analysed by Apple experts at 9to5mac.com,
who said: "[The images show] updated NFC, 16 GB base storage, fewer chips, and
subtle design tweaks".

The iPhone 6S is also expected to have an updated Force Touch system, a better
camera, a different colour range, and includes a Qualcomm LTE chip for double
speed data updates.

Force Touch is said to differentiate between a light tap and deep press, a
feature which already exists on new MacBooks and Apple Watches.

Sales figures for Apple's first large screen iPhone, the iPhone 6, for the first
fiscal term ended September 2014 hit 135.6 million, according to the Wall Street
Journal. This is a 43% increase from the previous year.

The iPhone 6s will be shown to the public for the first time in September 2015.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Tech Talk: Apple iPhone and Samsung Galaxy series square up

LENGTH: 482  words


The iPhone has landed. Or, rather, the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets have
launched, packing bigger screens, better specs and a slimmer form than ever
before.

There has been much excitement over Apple's latest release, with phone fans
queueing for hours in Sheffield on release day.

But how does Apple's latest creation stack up against its biggest competitors?
Tech Talk investigates...

The smaller iPhone 6's main competitor is the Samsung Galaxy S5, though the
Google Nexus 4, Sony Xperia Z2 and HTC One M8 are all the flagship Android
phones of their respective brands.

Apple fans will point to the iPhone's slim, metal-clad form as a victory for
style. The rounded edges, 6.9mm thickness and super-light weight all add up to
the most stylish iPhone yet.

The S5, by comparison, packs a higher-resolution screen, a much better camera
and more raw power. But it's also made of plastic and uses the less smooth, less
reliable Android operating system, which has fewer apps.

There's no doubt Apple's iPhone 6 - with new features such as Apple Pay, which
lets you use the phone like a contactless credit card, and new iOS 8 operating
system - is the best iPhone yet. But S5 fans will argue Samsung's flagship has
better specs and a better screen, and the iPhone still doesn't match it.

In the plus-sized fight, iPhone 6 Plus is Apple's first foray into big-screen
mobiles. The Plus has the same cool stylings as the regular model, but with
better battery life and a larger and crisper screen - 5.5 inches against 4.7.

Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 uses metal for the first time, bringing it closer to
Apple's cool factor, though its stylings still don't match up. But under the
hood, the Note 4 has better specs, and an even crisper, better resolution screen
than the Plus. It also boasts a smart stylus which lets you make notes like
paper and pen on the go.

Of course, the 6 Plus has more apps, a better form and the Apple operating
system.

The four phones represent the pinnacle of Apple and Samsung's 2014 output.
Whether you want better specs and customising, or a better operating system and
a cooler look, each phone is sure to command its own legion of loyal fans.

*The key stats:

iPhone 6

Dimensions: 138cm long, 6.9mm thick

Screen: 4.7 inches 720p resolution, 326 pixels per inch, LCD

Camera: Back: 8 megapixel iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy S5

Dimensions: 142mm long, 8.1 mm thick

Screen: 5.1 inches, 1080p, 432ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 2MP

Power: 2GB RAM, 2.5GHZ processor

And

iPhone 6 Plus

Dimensions: 158mm long, 7.1mm thick

Screen: 5.5 inches, 1080p resolution, 401ppi, LCD

Camera: Back: 8MP iSight camera; Front: 1.2MP

Power: 1GB RAM, Apple custom A8 64-bit chip

VS

Samsung Galaxy Note 4:

Dimensions: 153mm long, 8.5mm thick

Screen: 5.7 inches, 2K resolution, 515ppi, AMOLED

Camera: Back: 16MP; Front: 3.7MP

Power:  3GB RAM, 2.7GHZ processor

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

India consul general Ashok to speak in Hayward

BYLINE: rparr

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


Apple has long gobbled up an outsized share of the smartphone industrycs
profits. But in the fourth quarter, the iPhone makercs slice of the profit pie
reached comically largely proportions.

In the holiday period, Apple made about $19.4 billion in pre-tax profits from
selling its lineup of iPhones, estimated Michael Walkley, a financial analyst
who covers Apple for Canaccord Genuity, in a report issued Sunday. That
represented about 93 percent of the total operating profits generated by the
entire industry, which was an all-time high for Apple, Walkley wrote.

cWe believe Applecs iPhone 6/6 Plus smartphones dominated December smartphone
sales at unprecedented levels,c Walkley wrote in his report.

In the fourth quarter a year earlier, Apple soaked up 75 percent of smartphone
industry profits, according to Walkley. For all of 2014, profits from iPhone
sales accounted for 79 percent of profits.

Apple reported record earnings last month on huge iPhone sales growth . The
company sold 74.5 million iPhones in the quarter, which was up 46 percent from
the same period a year earlier.

According to Walkleycs report, Apple was one of only two companies whose slice
of the smartphone profit pie was larger than 1 percent. Samsung, which gleaned
about $1.8 billion in profits from selling its lineup of Galaxy phones,
accounted for 9 percent of total industry profits. That was Samsungcs smallest
portion of industry profits since 2008, Walkley wrote.

The six other companies mentioned in Walkleycs report either posted profits that
were so small that they essentiallychad a 0 percent share of the pie, or they
lost money on their smartphone sales, meaning that their share was actually
negative. Microsoft was the worst in that regard; according to Walkleycs
analysis, the software giant lost about $414 million on its smartphone sales in
the fourth quarter, giving it a -2 percent share of industry profits.

cOther leading (smartphone manufacturers)ccontinue to struggle,c he wrote.

Applecs expanding portion of the smartphone industrycs profits has come despite
the fact that its share of total smartphones sold actually was flat last year,
according to Walkleycs estimate. Apple sold 192.7 million iPhones in 2014, which
accounted for 15.5 percent of the total smartphones sold. Thatcs the same share
Apple had in 2013, when it sold 153.5 million, according to Walkley.

Other estimates have indicated that Applecs share of smartphone device sales
actually fell last year.

Walkley forecast that Applecs strong iPhone sales will continue this year, as
existing iPhone owners upgrade their phones to the new models and the new
big-screened iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models lure away Android users.

cWe believe these trends should grow Applecs iPhone installed base and bodes
well for future strong iPhone replacement sales, earnings, and cash flow
generation,c he wrote.

Photo of Applecs iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models courtesy of the company.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Area News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

GRIFFITH residents wanting to get their hands on a

BYLINE: MONIQUE PATTERSON

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 218 words


GRIFFITH residents wanting to get their hands on a new iPhone 6 may be waiting a
while.

The large screen versions of the phone arrived at Telstra Business Centre in
Griffith on Friday and were sold out by lunch-time.

Staff member Jackie Hunter said the larger screen seemed to be the main drawcard
in the new phone.

"Most of ours were gone about lunch-time," she said.

Ms Hunter said the store had a long list of names of residents who had expressed
an interest in the latest model.

She said anyone wanting to buy an iPhone 6 "will have to wait".

The release of the highly anticipated large-screen versions of the iPhone made
headlines across Australia, with lines of people wanting to get their hands on
the phone.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the company's first entry into the "phablet"
category.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller said the new iPhones were "simply
stunning" with polarised glass displays and bodies that were "thinner than ever
before".

The iPhone 6 is available in gold, silver or space grey.

Apple's move to larger screens comes as consumers are switching to handsets with
bigger displays to watch videos and browse the internet.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                       March 21, 2016 Monday 12:24 PM GMT

New iPhone SE, iPad Pro, and Apple Watch? What to expect from the Apple Event in
March 2016;
The tech giant will be unveiling new products at its next presentation

BYLINE: Ben Travis

SECTION: TECH AND GAMING

LENGTH: 359 words


The time has come for Apple to announce a new range of products - with a new
iPhone and iPad among the expected reveals.

The tech giant is holding their latest Keynote event on Monday in Cupertino,
California, and plenty of rumours are swirling about what could be unveiled.

Here are a few suggestions of what we might see.

Read more

iPhone SE: Apple expected to announce new smaller handset in March

1) A new, smaller iPhone

If the rumours are to be believed, Apple are about to release the iPhone SE,
which stands for Special Edition.

While the iPhone 6 and 6S models were considerably larger than previous
versions, it seems that a new update more similar to the iPhone 4 and 5 is on
the way. It will be a cheaper option than the 6S and 6 Plus, but will still
include the up-to-date A9 chip.

2) A new iPad Pro

There's a lot of speculation about the arrival of a new iPad - which is likely
to be another iPad Pro, but will be more inthe style of the iPad Air 2.

It's expected to feature a 9.7-inch screen, which is smaller than the most
recent Pro model, which was firmly pitched for high-end businesses and creatives
as a laptop alternative.

Fake Play-Doh fingerprint 'fools security scan to hack into iPhone 6'

3) A new Apple Watch - or maybe just accessories

It's a year since the Apple Watch launched, and the consensus seems to have been
that while the wearable device was impressive, like the iPhone it would
considerably improve with updates.

Read more

Is this Apple's new iPhone?

Here's how to find a secret emoticon keyboard for your iPhone...

Fake Play-Doh fingerprint 'fools security scan to hack into iPhone 6'

The arrival of a new Apple Watch model shouldn't be ruled out - after all, the
time between the release of the original iPhone and the iPhone 3G was only a
year - but even if a new version doesn't surface, there should be an
announcement of new accessories and apps.

We won't know for sure until the event takes place on Monday, March 21 at 5pm UK
time. The Keynote can be streamed on Apple devices and on Apple's Safari web
browser.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2016 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Telecom Tiger

                      January 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Vodafone launches special plans for iPhone6, 6+ and other iPhone smartphone;
Fully loaded tariff plan and the iPhone at an all-inclusive attractive EMI,
Monthly EMI includes handset cost, Local/STD calls, local/national SMSes and
Data

LENGTH: 301  words


Fully loaded tariff plan and the iPhone at an all-inclusive attractive EMI,
Monthly EMI includes handset cost, Local/STD calls, local/national SMSes and
Data

Vodafone India, on Thursday announced a unique value proposition across entire
range of iPhone models with fully loaded plans on attractive EMIs starting at
Rs. 2099 for iPhone 4s, Rs. 2499 for iPhone 5c, Rs. 2999 for iPhone 5s and Rs.
3599 for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.



"We are delighted to bring a unique value proposition to our customers across
the full range of iPhones at a competitive price. Our all-inclusive and
fully-loaded data plans will allow customers to have a hassle-free experience
with no upfront costs and additional savings on monthly plans. We see data as a
strong growth driver in the years to come and believe these kind of innovative
offers add to our efforts in the growth of this segment," said Marten Pieters,
MD & CEO, Vodafone India.

Vodafone India has introduced 2 exciting fully loaded tariff plans (iPhone 6K
Plan and iPhone 10K Plan) for customers who buy a new iPhone along with the
Vodafone Plan. These Vodafone Plans offer loads of Local/STD minutes, SMS and
data that would ensure that customers will not have to pay extra for 24 months
for the covered services during the plan period.

An 16 GB iPhone 6 of Rs. 53,500 under iPhone 6K Plan comprising 6000 minutes,
1500 SMS and 6GB of 3G Data plan will now be available at an all-inclusive EMI
of INR 3599/month for a period of 24 months. Under iPhone 10K Plan, comprising
10000 minutes, 2500 SMS and 10 GB of 3G data will be available at an
all-inclusive EMI of INR 3999/month for a period of 24 months. The Monthly EMI
includes handset cost, Local/STD calls, local/national SMSes, 3G Data and
applicable taxes and Interest.

Details of the Vodafone iPhone 6K Plan


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Telecom Tiger, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 3:58 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 launch: Fans start queuing for latest smart phone two nights
before launch;
Queues are starting to form in Cardiff ahead of the new phone going on sale
tomorrow morning

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


A group of friends will be queueing in Cardiff for two nights in a bid to get
their hands on the new iPhone 6.

Sascha Lopez, 24, Jamie Edward, 23, and Simon Williams, 24, all from the Swansea
area, started camping outside the capital's St Davids shopping centre at
lunchtime on Wednesday - nearly 48 hours before the new phone went on sale.

It means they are guaranteed to get into the centre's Apple store at 8am
tomorrow when they go on sale for the first time.

It is Sascha's third time to camp out for the latest Apple upgrade, but a first
for Jamie and Simon.

Apple CEO Tim Cook reveals the iPhone 6, the Apple Watch and Apple Pay

And they are not the only ones, self-employed builder Andy Walford, 40, from mid
Wales has been sleeping outside the Bullring outlet in Birmingham to get his
hands on one too.

Sascha said: "This is the third time I have camped out for a new phone. They
always have extremely limited stock so if you don't want to have to wait weeks
to get your hands on a phone this is the only way to do it.

"The new iPhone 6 is gorgeous piece of equipment. It is an unparalleled piece of
art."

The three friends invested in some blow up sofas after the first uncomfortable
night camped outside the shopping centre.

Andy in Birmingham said: "The pre-orders were snapped up online so quickly
compared to other times so that caused me to come down.

"Once I get it at 8am, I'm going home and straight to bed."

The demand for the phones have beaten all previous records with more than four
million units sold as pre-orders in the first 24 hours of going live, double the
number for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale to pre-order.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino
earlier this month, said the figures showed the enduring popularity of the
iPhone.

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 3:58 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 launch: Fans start queuing for latest smart phone two nights
before launch;
Queues are starting to form in Cardiff ahead of the new phone going on sale
tomorrow morning

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


A group of friends will be queueing in Cardiff for two nights in a bid to get
their hands on the new iPhone 6.

Sascha Lopez, 24, Jamie Edward, 23, and Simon Williams, 24, all from the Swansea
area, started camping outside the capital's St Davids shopping centre at
lunchtime on Wednesday - nearly 48 hours before the new phone went on sale.

It means they are guaranteed to get into the centre's Apple store at 8am
tomorrow when they go on sale for the first time.

It is Sascha's third time to camp out for the latest Apple upgrade, but a first
for Jamie and Simon.

Apple CEO Tim Cook reveals the iPhone 6, the Apple Watch and Apple Pay

And they are not the only ones, self-employed builder Andy Walford, 40, from mid
Wales has been sleeping outside the Bullring outlet in Birmingham to get his
hands on one too.

Sascha said: "This is the third time I have camped out for a new phone. They
always have extremely limited stock so if you don't want to have to wait weeks
to get your hands on a phone this is the only way to do it.

"The new iPhone 6 is gorgeous piece of equipment. It is an unparalleled piece of
art."

The three friends invested in some blow up sofas after the first uncomfortable
night camped outside the shopping centre.

Andy in Birmingham said: "The pre-orders were snapped up online so quickly
compared to other times so that caused me to come down.

"Once I get it at 8am, I'm going home and straight to bed."

The demand for the phones have beaten all previous records with more than four
million units sold as pre-orders in the first 24 hours of going live, double the
number for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale to pre-order.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino
earlier this month, said the figures showed the enduring popularity of the
iPhone.

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                          October 17, 2014 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus launched in India

LENGTH: 147  words


Apple launched the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones in India at midnight
on Friday. Customers who'd pre-booked one of the two new iPhone models received
their units, with stores expected to stay open through the night to to
facilitate early birds.

Apple fanbois lined up at retail outlets across the capital on Friday morning to
get their hands on the newly launched Apple smartphones

The midnight sales, which came to India for the first time, attracted good
crowds in some stores. Many buyers had even pre-booked their new iPhone by
paying the full amount in advance on October 7.

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is available in India at Rs. 53,500 for the 16GB variant,
Rs. 62,500 for the 64GB variant, and Rs. 71,500 for the 128GB variant. The
5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus has been priced at Rs. 62,500 for the 16GB variant, Rs.
71,500 for the 64GB variant, and Rs. 80,500 for the 128GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2014 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Large-screen smartphone war heats up; iPhone 6, Galaxy Note 4 set to duke it out

BYLINE: Suchit Leesa-nguansuk

LENGTH: 356  words


Competition in the highend, largescreen smartphone market looks set to be fierce
over the next six months due to the muchawaited arrival of the Apple iPhone 6
and Samsung Galaxy Note 4.

Smartphone sales in Thailand are likely to hit 14 million units this year in a
market worth 100 billion baht, making the country one of the world's most
attractive smartphone markets, said Jarit Sidhu, senior analyst of IDC Thailand.

Thailand has topped Southeast Asia's iPhone sales for two consecutive years.

Apple Inc late on Monday announced Oct 31 as the Thailand launch date of the
iPhone 6, its first foray into the bigscreen smartphone realm which is currently
dominated by South Korea's Samsung.

Local mobile operators have announced they will allow people to order the new
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Oct 24 on their websites.

Apple said it sold 10 million iPhone 6 and iPhone Plus models in the first three
days of availability.

Samsung has high hopes of selling up to 15 million units of its new Galaxy Note
4 in the first month of global release. In comparison, Samsung sold 10 million
units of the Galaxy Note 3 in the first two months of availability and shifted
11 million Galaxy S5 units within the first month.

Mr Jarit said the two largest smartphone makers in the world were focusing on
premium smartphones instead of tablets, the market for which continues to shrink
as largescreen smartphones eat up their market share.

Wichai Pornpratang, vicepresident for IT and mobile communications at Thai
Samsung Electronics Co, said it had allocated an extra 20% budget for marketing
to promote the Galaxy Note 4.

The additional marketing budget is aimed at promoting its new S Pen technology,
which lets users write, draw and even paint with accuracy.

Some surveys in Thailand show 40% of respondents prefer phones with larger
screens, while another 40% prefer digital pens.

Mr Wichai said Samsung would retail its Galaxy Note 4 here on Saturday at 25,900
baht.

"We expect smartphones with over fiveinch screens to be a highgrowth segment,"
he said, adding that such models were expected to contribute 17.8% of overall
smartphone sales this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                              May 24, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending May 24;
iPhone delays derail 4G rollouts, flexible Gorillas, rainbow phone

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2412 words


One of the iOSphere's enduring myths is that one or another component or
production screwup has repeatedly delayed mostiPhones, including the iPhone 5S
or 6 or whatever.

The latest iteration of this myth is that some screwup with the alleged Next
iPhone's fingerprint sensor, itself another unconfirmed feature, delayed the
phone's release, causing British mobile carrier Vodafone to upend its 4G network
rollout and postpone it until the end of summer. As is often the case, there is
less to this than meets the eye.

[ MORE SCUTTLEBUTT: iPad 5 rumor rollup for the week ending May 23 ] Also this
week: expect flexible Gorilla Glass screens on the next iPhones; you'll know
it's a cheap iPhone by its colors; and new fan art reveals what impressive new
specs for the Next iPhone might look like if the Next iPhone looked like what a
guy with Adobe Photoshop thinks it will look like.

You read it here second.

__________ ___________ Britain's Vodafone has decided to delay the introduction
of its 4G/LTE network -- originally planned for June -- because Apple has run
into manufacturing delays and postponed the release of the iPhone 5S.

That's the theory anyway of a post at The Telegraph headlined "Vodafone delays
4G network until late summer for iPhone 5S" by Christopher Williams.

As is often the case with The Telegraph, the details are sketchy.

"The operator had originally planned to switch on superfast mobile broadband in
cities in June, but said on Tuesday it would wait until August or September,"
Williams writes, in a posting whose confusing randomness seems to be the result
of copying-and-pasting under deadline pressure to get something online in 15
minutes.

According to Williams, "The Silicon Valley giant [meaning Apple] had been
expected to introduce an updated version, the iPhone 5S, that will work at the
new frequencies in June, but it was reported last month it had been pushed back
because of manufacturing delays." Yet he offers not a shred of evidence, not
even a link to rumor sites, to support this assertion.

(Pocket-lint, another U.K. tech website, gives a more specific but no less
confusing explanation for the iPhone 5S "delay": "a Vodafone-compatible iPhone
was expected for this summer until rumours of fingerprint sensor issues
allegedly stalled Apple's release." On its face, Pocket-lint is saying that the
rumors stalled the release, but apparently intended to say that Apple delayed
announcing the phone because it ran into some kind of problem with the phone's
fingerprint sensor, yet another long-rumored feature.) "Sources confirmed the
delay to the iPhone 5S had been a factor in Vodafone's decision to delay 4G,"
Williams continues, again without any indication as to who or what the sources
are.

A bit later, he adds this: "'End of the summer means when there's going to be a
good commercial moment for launching 4G,' said Mr Colao."

The uninitiated may wonder who the mysterious "Mr Colao" is and why he's talking
about Vodafone. You won't learn that from Williams' story.

Mr. Colao is Vittorio Colao, the Italian who is CEO of Vodafone Group Plc, the
British multinational telecommunications company.

Vodafone holds a 45% stake in Verizon Wireless, the subsidiary it created with
Verizon Communications, which is currently enticing or pressuring Colao to sell
back its stake in the wireless carrier.

As this Reuters story makes clear, Tuesday was the day Colao announced the
company's full-year financial results, and then talked with reporters about a
wide range of issues. Reuters focused on financial and business questions in its
story.

Other news organizations focused on Colao's comments about Vodafone's 4G/LTE
network plans, such as The Guardian's Juliette Garside, whose posting gives the
details and context missing from Williams' post.

"Having spent £790m on 4G spectrum at a government auction in February, Vodafone
had been expected to launch this month or next," Garside writes. "But it would
have done so without the world's best-selling smartphone."

Currently, only the mobile operator EE offers a British 4G cellular network, and
is the only operator to carry the iPhone 5. Rivals Vodafone and O2 plan to run
4G on different frequencies, currently not yet supported by Apple.

She quotes Colao at length, revealing more clearly the context and the meaning
of his comments. "'We are convinced our own 4G will be better performing,' said
Vodafone's chief executive, Vittorio Colao. 'We want to be able to launch it
when it's really ready. End of the summer means when there is going to be a good
commercial window for launching it.'" Colao pretty obviously, and reasonably, is
saying that Vodafone wants to make sure the 4G network is solid; that "end of
summer" gives them the time to ensure that; and that end of summer coincides
with a "good commercial window" which certainly could be a reference to the
expected time frame of Apple's Next iPhone announcement. Perhaps because Colao
was paying attention last month when Apple CEO Tim Cook clearly stated, at his
company's quarterly earnings call, that "Our teams are hard at work on some
amazing new hardware, software, and services that we can't wait to introduce
this fall and throughout 2014 [emphasis added]."

[ DETAILS: Apple's Cook resets 3 popular, and wrong, Apple rumors ]
International Business Times' Erik Pineda seems to have made this rumor up on
his own. At bottom, the idea that the Next iPhone probably will use a cover
glass from the same manufacturer that's been supplying glass for previous
iPhones can hardly be considered a revelation.

It's the word "flexible" that suggests something new. But IBT is simply
deceptive. The headline to the post is "iPhone 6, iPhone 5S Will Have Flexible
Screens Made of Corning Gorilla Glass on Release Date?"

But Pineda's opening sentence to his post casts a different meaning on the word:
"Tough as the robust gorilla but flexible enough to suit any screen size and
designs, that is the next screen material geared for the upcoming iPhone 6 and
iPhone 5S, courtesy of device screen maker Corning."

So what Pineda means to say is that Corning's Gorilla Glass is adaptable to
different form factors and screen designs, not that you can bend it or fold it.

Pineda bases his post on what he says is an "interview" by a Corning executive,
Jeffrey Evenson, with MacRumors. Pineda doesn't bother to link to the MacRumors
report but here it is, by Eric Slivka.

But there is no interview. Slivka is simply summarizing a "feature" published by
Corning on its website. The feature, which Corning actually classifies as a
"news feature," is nothing more than a press release, a Q&A, and four videos
that show Corning's latest offering, Gorilla Glass 3, being subjected to
different tests.

Neither Slivka, nor Corning, mention iPhone 5S or iPhone 6.

Corning's point is that "sapphire glass," which the Q&A explains is not actually
a glass but a "crystalline material that can be manufactured by applying high
heat and other demanding conditions to purified aluminum oxide," is harder and
therefore more resistant to scratching than Gorilla Glass. Apple uses sapphire
as the cover to its iPhone 5 and fifth-generation iPad touch rear camera lens;
some watchmakers have used it as the cover glass for wrist watches.

But sapphire suffers from a range of process requirements and other
characteristics that, in Corning's view, make it both costly and unsuitable for
use as the cover material for a smartphone screen.

Not surprisingly, the company touts the virtues of the newest Gorilla Glass,
which offers "significantly improved scratch resistance and greater toughness.
We achieved these benefits by re-engineering the atomic structure of the glass
so if the glass does scratch, it retains its strength." And, of course, it's
lighter, less brittle, allows more light through, and is much cheaper to
manufacture than sapphire.

It was less food for thought than fuel for flaming, judging from the comments to
Slivka's post.

"OMG those cheaters/imposters/fools!" ranted randfee2. "Applying pressure is NOT
A VIABLE TEST OF WEAR ENDURANCE!!!"

"This is ridiculous and surely done on purpose," he continued. "Any engineer or
scientist knows, that the hardest materials are more brittle! If you put a 1mm
steel plate against their gorilla glass it'll surely withstand WAY more pressure
than 200 pounds, yet it scratches rather easily. The purpose of using sapphire
is to keep the surface scratch free. There is no way their glass can be as good
as sapphire. So especially for a camera cover glass sapphire is the best you can
get (besides diamond coating). I hate companies that think I'm stupid.... screw
them!"

Yet if one actually reads Corning's information, the company never says Gorilla
Glass 3 is as good as sapphire for resisting scratches, only that Corning has
"significantly" improved the material's scratch resistance.

The Japanese Apple fan site Macotakara announced in a blog post based on
information from "several sources," otherwise not identified: "I have 2
information about color variation of cheaper iPhone from several sources. The
first set is Navy, Gold Orange, White and Gray, and 2nd is White, Pink, Green,
Blue and Yellow-orange. I can say one thing from these information, namely both
sets do not contain Black model."

If the word "black" isn't in either list, then that probably almost certainly
means that it's highly likely that "black" is not one of the colors.

The website's post sustains the long-running rumor that Apple is preparing to
create a less expensive phone. And we'll know that it's the cheap phone, because
it will be colorful. Nothing says "Look at me, I'm cheap" quite like
yellow-orange plastic.

And the colorful iPhone is slated for production. "The source told me that
cheaper iPhone will be produced 1,000 units for field test from June, and will
be produced during July September for shipping."

There's even a tidbit about the iPhone 5S. "And I got another information about
iPhone 5S, which will be placed as flag-ship model when cheaper iPhone was
shipped, will have dual-LED flash, and will be changed shape of mic-hole to be
shaped as circle which is placed between iSight camera and flash."

At AppleInsider, the staff made a connection that would be beyond the ken of
mere mortals. "The latest rumors could be supported by images that surfaced
online last week showing multi-colored SIM trays alleged to be for a
next-generation iPhone," the story announced. Multi-colored in this case means
... two colors: "one with a greyish hue, and another that appeared to be either
golden or beige." Or maybe yellow-orange. Maybe Apple is reaching for an
understated color contrast fashion statement, pairing the greyish hue with the
white, pink and gold-orange/yellow-orange, with the golden or beige SIM tray
with the blue and green and possibly grey phones.

AppleInsider reminded us that "Earlier this year, analyst Brian White of Topeka
Capital Markets claimed he was told by supply chain sources that Apple planned
to release an 'iPhone 5S' in a total of eight colors later this year." Which
raises more questions than it answers. Are the cheap iPhone and iPhone 5S one
and the same? Or if separate, just colors will they have?

Will they be different enough to preserve the cheap-expensive distinction or
will the colors blur the differences between the phone?

At MacRumors, Juli Clover interpreted the somewhat ambiguous Macotakara
schedule. "According to Makotakara [sic], the low cost iPhone will begin a field
test production in June, which will be followed up by wide ranging production in
July to accommodate a September launch," she writes. "This launch date is a bit
confusing, as Macotakara previously said that the low cost iPhone would ship in
2014."

A great deal regarding the Next iPhone is a bit confusing.

A year ago, Tim Cook told interviewers, "We're going to double down on secrecy
on products." Four months after that, on the day Apple announced iPhone 5,
Business Insider's Jay Yarrow crowed that "Apple Delivered No Surprises Today
Whatsoever."  "It's time for people to stop calling Apple one of the most
secretive companies in the world," Yarrow declared. "It seems to have no product
secrets anymore."

Eight months later, Yarrow's confidence may have been premature. Very little
credible information has emerged about the Next iPhone, even what it will be
called, though now the Consensus Rumor is that Apple will announced "iPhone 5S"
in fall 2013, and "iPhone 6" in 2014. There's widespread belief but no real
evidence beyond anonymous sources in the supply chain that Apple also will
deliver a "cheap iPhone" aimed at emerging markets overseas.

So some in the iOSphere are left "reporting" on fan art. Exhibit A, chosen more
or less at random, is a GottaBeMobile blog post this week by its editor Josh
Smith. The website is about "mobile news and reviews."

The definition of both terms apparently is pretty elastic. Smith's post is about
a newly posted "concept video" -- otherwise known as fan art -- that reveals, he
assures us, "impressive new specs and possible iPhone 6 features."

And there's more. "While we don't expect an iPhone 6 until next year, this
concept ties together some of the latest iPhone 6 rumors into a two-minute video
overview," Smith says. Isn't that convenient? Everything in one place: specs,
features and rumors.

Or as CultOfMac's Buster Heine put it in his promotional post, "With WWDC less
than a month away, we've seen a ton of designers come out with their visions for
what iOS 7 might look like, but the next iPhone has been ignored." Alas, no
longer.

And what do we find? "This iPhone 6 concept includes a Full HD display, a new
look, water and dust resistant coatings, a notification LED, improved camera,
wireless charging and a touch sensitive volume button," Smith deftly summarizes,
as if he was describing a real product at an exclusive one-on-one meeting with
Apple's marketing guru Phil Schiller.

"In the video we get a look at an iPhone 6 concept that is not very much like
the iPhone 5 or earlier iPhone models," Smith says. We are totally there, man:
It's Radical.

But Smith ends on a down note. "While we do expect Apple will roll out a new
design in the iPhone 6, the way the black part of the bezel remains raised over
the metal iPhone 6 body doesn't look very much like something we would see come
out of the labs at Apple."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      November 11, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Beware Samsung, LG! Apple is going for flexible screen iphones next year

LENGTH: 513  words


In the month of April this year when Apple was looking for OLED Engineers, we
expected that the company is "planning to explore the possibility of flexible
screen displays". Recently with the Korean competitors launching their curved
screen (phone) products in the market, Apple seems to have come in open
challenging its competitors.

Apple looking for OLED Engineers, iPhone 6 might sport a flexible display?

Apple deciding to go big, iPhone 6 to have 4.8 inch display

Latest news from Apple points to bigger and curved screen display iPhones as
soon as 2014. According to a news report in the Bloomberg, a person familiar
with the Cupertino giant's plan, has said that two models have been "planned for
release in the second half of next year would feature larger displays with glass
that curves downward at the edges." The person declining to be identified
because the details aren't public, mentions the report.

The two phones will sport a display screen of 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, and
will make the larges iPhones from Apple. This year's iPhone carries 4 inch
retina display. The handsets are still in development and plans haven't been
completed yet. The source indicated a launch towards the third quarter of next
year.

Though it is too early to comment on this, we can understand that the estimated
launch date will come to October 2014. That's almost the same time Apple took
the iPhone 5 line up further with a iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S. If we consider that
Apple will launch a new phone in the middle of the year (that could be the
iPhone 6) and goes for a product launch with hardware upgrades, we can see an
iPhone 6S that will sport a curved display.

Revealed: Samsung's plans for new products in 2014, 2015

Micromax Canvas octa-core phone will hit market in 2014

In early September this year we heard rumours about bigger Apple iPhones. As per
a news report in the Wall Street Journal, says Apple has "begun evaluating a
plan to offer iPhones with screens ranging from 4.8 inches to as high as 6
inches, people familiar with the matter say".

Apple testing iPhones with 6 and 4.8 inch display, what will Samsung do?

It is important to note the industry competition on flexible screen products.
Early in year 2013 LG and Samsung introduced curved screen TVs at the
International Consumer Electronics Show. Both planned to become the first, but
Samsung launched its curved TVs few hours earlier than LG. Later during the
middle of this year LG launched first flexible screen display for phone. By the
end of this year (October) when Apple launched the iPhone 5S Samsung announced
its Galaxy Round and LG announced G Flex.

World's first curved TV makes appearance, courtesy Samsung

CES 2013: LG reveals curved OLED TV with Paper Slim design

World's first curved screen TV readies for pre-order, will cost about 7 lakh

LG beats Samsung this time, brings flexible display for borderless phones

Who's more curvaceous? LG G Flex or Samsung Galaxy Round

Samsung announces world's first curved phone, Galaxy Round

LG answers Galaxy Round, announces G Flex as first 'real' curved smartphone

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2013 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple debuts smartwatch, two new iPhones and mobile payments

BYLINE: By Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton Staff writers

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 1008 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category
Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new
smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the
new devices.

Apple's smartwatch -- called simply the Apple Watch -- has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch -- which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later -- can
record users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate,
and record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at
the Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the
way: Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new, larger iPhones that will function with its smartwatch
-- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which Cook described as "the best phones you
have ever seen."

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia, and the iPhone 6 will be
4.7 inches, still larger than the iPhone 5S and 5C, which Apple will continue to
sell at lower prices.

The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and
therefore longer battery life: Apple said that the iPhone 6 will have about 14
hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus
will have 24 hours of talk time.

One of the smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering
that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' "outdated
and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes. The Apple
Watch will also take advantage of the technology, which needs NFC reading
devices at registers to work properly -- the service starts with 220,000
contactless machines in place at retailers, along with Apple partners such as
McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

Both new iPhones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6
will have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers,
ranging up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out on Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced.
Apple previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide
Developers Conference.

The biggest disappointment for Apple fans who didn't receive an event invitation
was the company's live stream of the event, which malfunctioned from the very
beginning and never delivered a consistent view of Apple's event. Those
fortunate enough to establish a solid connection to the live stream by the end
of the two-hour-long event were treated to a performance from legendary rock
band U2, which announced its new album will be released immediately for free on
iTunes.

Ahead of the event, throng of reporters and invited guests amassed outside the
Flint Center on Tuesday morning, near a gleaming white structure Apple built,
snacking on breakfast burritos and juice as Apple employees in crimson shirts
with tiny, black Apple logos directed them. Among the VIPs photographed outside
the event were Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, while
No Doubt lead singer Gwen Stefani tweeted a picture of herself and rapper Dr.
Dre and said they were on their way to the event.

Anticipation for Apple's event has been higher than even the heavily hyped
debuts of the past few years, amid expectations for Apple's first new product
category since the iPad.

"They might be rewriting the history books, as they did for tablets and
smartphones," Matt Margolis, an analyst at PTT Research, said.

Investors excited for Apple's latest gadgets have pushed the company's stock to
new heights in the past month, topping records set amid the release of the
iPhone 5 in 2012, but shares dipped 0.4 percent to $97.99 after Apple's event
Tuesday.

Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center
Tuesday morning, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group)
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus during at
the Flint Center Tuesday morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California.
(Karl Mondon/Bay Area News Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook acknowledges a standing ovation after introducing the Apple
Watch, a product he revealed during a media event at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

American Express cardholders in Canada get access to Apple Pay

LENGTH: 210 words


American Express has enabled its cardholders in Canada using the latest iPhone
models to use Apple Pay.

Apple Pay can be accessed by eligible Canadian consumer, small business and
corporate cards issued by Amex Bank of Canada.

Apple Pay will be supported on iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus, iPad and Apple Watch.

The service enables American Express cardholders across Canada to make purchases
both in store with compatible Apple devices at participating American Express
contactless merchants, and for making purchases within participating apps
accepting American Express.

Cardholders can pay in store with their Apple Watch, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, as well as pay within apps through iPad Air 2, iPad
mini 4 and iPad mini 3.

Cardholders using an eligible American Express Card in Apple Pay can receive
real-time notifications and details for all purchases, along with seamless
connection to the Amex Mobile App for effective account monitoring, servicing
and access to rewards information.

Moreover, security is ensured as a card in Apple Pay is tokenised with a
different number than the cardholder's plastic card, with every payment
authorised with Touch ID or a passcode prior to the processing of the
transaction.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                    September 10, 2015 Thursday 11:03 AM GMT

Apple unveils iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, iPad pro and Apple TV - all you need to know;

California launch event shows off latest developments at technology giant

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan-READ

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 716 words


Apple unveiled the new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus during a huge launch event in
California last night.

The tech giants also showed off a giant iPad Pro tablet and the new Apple TV.

Here is everything you need to know about the new products...

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called Rose Gold.

Both of the new phones will include the 3D Touch that the Apple Watch already
has. This lets you press the screen harder, with the new handsets picking up the
difference in pressure, which can be ideal for when users are playing games and
want to increase the pressure for a jump or shot for example.

Both the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'. The new mobile phones will take better
pictures, but can also shoot video in 4K quality making them four times as
detailed as regular HD video. Selfies will also be better than ever as Apple
have improved the FaceTime camera to 5MP.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6S cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

The new iPhones have an updated processor that Apple called the A9, which is 70%
faster than the current iPhone 6's A8 chip on CPU tracks and 90% on graphics.
And according to Apple, the extra power and more efficient operating system
leads to an even better battery.

The iPhone 6S will go on sale for $199 for the 16GB on a 24 month contract,
which is roughly £129.

That goes up to $299 for the 64GB which is approximately £194, and $399 (£259)
for 128GB model.

The larger sized iPhone 6S Plus will start at $299 (£194) for the 16GB version
on a 24 month contract.

This goes up to $399 which is roughly £259 for the 64GB model, and $499 (£324)
for the 128GB handset.

The two new handsets have not been given a UK date that they will go on sale,
but are said to be coming soon.

Apple has created a new mega tablet which is a huge 12.9in across, which is much
bigger than the current iPad Air 2 which is 9.7in.

The iPad Pro comes in three different versions: 32GB, 128GB and 128GB with
LTE/4G that requires a SIM card. These will all go on sale in November and in
time for Christmas.

The 32GB model will cost $799 which roughly converts to £520. The 128GB version
will cost $999, which is about £650 and the LTE 126GB model is $1099, which is
roughly £715.

Apple hasn't confirmed the UK prices yet, so they could be even higher.

When unveiling the new iPad Pro, Apple's CEO Tim Cook introduced the model
itself, but invited two Microsoft members of staff to demonstrate how well
Microsoft Office works on the device.

It also now has its own stylus which Apple calls the "Pencil".

Apple has revealed a completely new version of its Apple TV set-top box, adding
the Siri feature into the remotes, and a new TV app store, which any developer
can build an app for.

Apple CEO Tim Cook says "The future of TV is apps".

This would mean that any TV channel could, in theory, use an app to broadcast
their content through Apple TV, and could avoid the expensive subscription
packages that include channels that you may never watch. For example, paying for
an on-demand app for one channel means that you can pick and choose what you pay
for.

The apps also include games so you can get them on your big screen in your
living room.

The new TV operating system will be called tvOS and will be based on iOS that
the mobile phones have, but will be designed for the living room.

The new remote will have an accelerometer and a gyroscope, and the battery will
last 3 months on a single charge.

The new Apple TV will cost $149 (£96) for the 32GB model, and $199 (£129) for
the 64GB model.

The current generation Apple TV will still be available, for £69 - but there's
no news on whether an upgrade will be available to the new tvOS.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

Apple's new big-screen iPhones draw long lines as sales start

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 772 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's stores attracted long lines of shoppers for the debut of
the latest iPhones, indicating robust pent-up demand for bigger-screen
smartphones.

The iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus became available Friday, starting in Australia,
before rolling out in Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan, France, Germany, Puerto Rico,
Canada and the United States. Consumers in New York and San Francisco had
already formed queues to be first to buy the gadgets.

Pedro Regadillo began waiting outside Apple's store on Fifth Avenue in New York
about two weeks ago. The 59-year-old air force veteran, who has stood in line to
buy iPhones three times before on the first day of sales, said he had his heart
set on an iPhone 6 Plus, which has a 5.5-inch screen.

"I love the size," said Regadillo, who was near the front of a line that wound
its way around the block and included tourists who had flown in from Brazil.
"I've got a problem with my vision."

Apple's iPhone rollout is the most important event this year for the company.
CEO Tim Cook is counting on the handsets to maintain Apple's sales growth.

The devices generate more than half of the company's annual $171 billion US in
revenue and precedes a swath of other products, including new iPads and Apple
Watch. The iPhones also sport larger screens - 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches,
compared with 4 inches for previous models - helping Apple appeal to new
consumers.

"The most important aspect of first weekend iPhone sales are the long lines and
the 'record breaking' sales numbers that generate the free press for the
company," Walter Piecyk, an analyst at BTIG, wrote in a note to investors
Thursday. "We expect the allure of another 'record-breaking' press release will
result in Apple announcing that it sold more than 10 million iPhones this
weekend."

The buzz over the smartphones has been high since Cook unveiled them at a Sept.
9 event. When the iPhones became available for preorder a week ago, they racked
up a record four million reservations in the first 24 hours and surpassed
earlier releases. Reviewers have heaped praise on the gadgets and resellers have
said users are trading in older phones to make room for the new iPhones.

RBC Capital Markets polled 6,000 consumers and found that "an impressive 26 per
cent of respondents who intend to purchase an iPhone are new" to Apple's
ecosystem, with the majority coming from Android, Amit Daryanani, an analyst at
RBC, wrote in a Sept. 17 note to investors.

A key question about the opening weekend is whether Apple will have enough
inventory to satisfy demand.

Carl Howe, an analyst at 451 Research, said Apple may sell 12 million to 15
million of the new devices this weekend. Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford
C. Bernstein & Co., wrote in a note to investors that he's projecting sales of
seven million to eight million, which would fall short of last year's first
weekend sales of nine million units of the iPhone 5s and 5c. Sacconaghi
attributed it partly to supply constraints and to the decision that China isn't
one of the first countries to receive the devices.

Apple isn't rolling out the new iPhones in China on opening weekend, as it did
last year with the iPhone 5s and 5c. China is one of the largest emerging
markets of smartphone buyers, with carrier China Mobile Ltd.'s subscriber base
at 794 million alone.

The new iPhones are targeted directly at bigger-screen smartphones, which are
popular with consumers in Asia, run on Google Inc.'s Android mobile software and
are built by Samsung Electronics Co., HTC Corp. and other manufacturers. The
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are part of a broad product rollout aimed at bolstering
Apple's lineup ahead of the holiday shopping season.

At San Francisco's Apple store, a line began forming two days before the
iPhone's availability. Apple employees were handing out bottles of water, taking
photos and asking customers what phones they planned to get.

"I am really excited about iPhone 6 - it is bigger and faster," said Huong Dinh,
47, who stood at the front, clutching an iPhone 5. She planned to buy two, she
said, one for her and one for her husband.

Toward the end of the line was Cassidy Szarnicki, 19, a freshman at the
University of California at Los Angeles who arrived at 7 a.m. Thursday in San
Francisco to get an iPhone 6. "I know the preorder was pretty long and I wanted
to get it pretty much when it first came out instead of waiting two months or
so," she said. "You've got to be the first in line to get it."

Most of the crowd held their current iPhones except for one man who had a
Samsung. He wasn't interested in talking about why he was in line for a bigger
Apple phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                       May 28, 2014 Wednesday 4:18 AM GMT

Apple's iPhone 6 to be launched on September 19th?: 'Date leaked by German phone
firm';
Support reps at Deutche Telekom have reportedly been told the date of the hotly
anticipated release

BYLINE: By Sam Adams

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 205 words


Could Apple be planning to launch its new iPhone 6 on September 19th?

The date was reportedly leaked by staff at German phone firm Deutsche Telekom.

Support reps at the company are said to have been told the date of the hotly
anticipated release, according to the website apfelpage.de.

Although it is highly unlikely Apple revealed a specific launch date to phone
firms so far in advance, it fits with the US company's tendency to release its
new phones on a Friday.

September 19th falls on a Friday this year.

Last year, for example, the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c were both released on
Friday, September 20th - while the year before the iPhone 5 was released on
Friday, September 21st.

Germany is usually one of Apple's initial launch markets for iPhones, along with
several other nations, including the UK.

The French website, nowhereelse.fr released the video below showing what it
claims is a 'dummy' iPhone 6 handset.

It is believed a total of 80 million iPhone 6 handsets would be produced this
year.

Industry watchers have said increasing the iPhone's screen size from 4 inches
would help Apple regain market share from competitors such as Samsung, who they
say have responded to consumer desire for more screen size.

iPhone 6 dummy video

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 8, 2015

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

The iPhone hype is deserved

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 821 words


Blayne Slabbert offers some advice on how to choose between the two latest
iPhones.

--------------------

THE NEW PHONES iPhone 6 (4.7 inch)

16GB ($999), 64GB ($1149), 128GB ($1299)

iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inch)

16GB ($1149), 64GB ($1299), 128GB ($1449)

Both phones come in silver, gold or space grey

The above prices are what you'll pay outright for the phones; all the NZ
networks offer contract deals

--------------------

IT'S the little things that can sometimes make the biggest difference,
especially when it comes to technology.

The new iPhones are no different. There are hundreds of incremental changes to
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, each making them a little bit easier to use than
earlier models.

It could be the fact that the screen is no longer affected by polarised sunglass
lenses or that apps now have cursor keys to making writing easier.

Or it may be how the rounded edges of the screen make swiping feel just right,
or the cool slow- motion effect available when shooting a video.

But the changes also make it tricky to decide not only whether you should
upgrade your current iPhone, but to which model.

Firstly, these phones are excellent. Critics have raved about them and they are
probably the best high-end phone available right now.

But that doesn't mean you should buy one. Here's some advice depending on what
type of user you are and what features you like.

Which model should I get?

It depends. I think the iPhone 6 is the best the company has made. Its 4.7-inch
screen is so much easier to read than previous 4-inch models and it's easy to
use with one hand.

If you are a first-time smartphone buyer, you will not be disappointed. If you
already own an iPhone, you'll love the iPhone 6. You'll forget about your
current small, chunky phone in a matter of minutes.

The iPhone Plus is for the power user. If you are a multimedia mavin and consume
a lot of movies and television and take plenty of photos and videos then this
could be for you. The 5.5-inch screen looks fantastic and its size means you can
easily read a digital magazine on it.

The other reason is if you do a lot of writing on your phone. The new landscape
view lets you work on multiple emails at once. No more saving one as draft
before opening another. It makes an ideal work tool and could mean you leave
your iPad at home.

Is it worth upgrading from my current iPhone?

If you have an iPhone 4 or 4S then, yes, it's time to upgrade. You will notice a
significant difference in speed and lightness and an improved camera. Also,
iOS8, the latest mobile operating system, will not work on an iPhone 4 and the
4S will struggle.

If you have an iPhone 5 or 5S then only fans should upgrade. Those models are
still great phones and will do nearly everything these phones can do.

What capacity should I get?

The safe option is to go for the 64GB model. It means you won't have to
micromanage your phone's storage and 64GB will give you plenty of room for
photos, music and some videos.

There is no need for a 128GB model unless you are a movie fan and plan to
download and watch lots of videos.

Also, with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud storage option, you can get 200GB of
storage for $4.99 a month.

I'm an Android fan, should I switch to iPhones?

If you were ever considering making the switch, now is the time. If you held
back before there are no more excuses - you have a bigger screen and the
operating system has many of the features previously only available on Android,
such as being able to install different keyboards.

Would these suit an older user?

There are many phones to choose from but if you are committed to one of the new
iPhones then they do have a few features that may appeal, including the ability
to have a zoom view on the phone.

This increases the size of images and text in all apps. In addition, you can
also increase the size of the text to make it even more readable.

This is accentuated even more with the 6 Plus and means things like the keyboard
are quite big and easy to use.

What's the battery life like?

Better than previous models. Both phones should get you through a day and a bit
with the Plus having the bigger and longer-lasting battery of the two.

Is the camera any good?

Yes. It takes excellent photos with improved focusing the biggest difference.
Also, expect to see a flood of slow-motion videos soon as that function is a
great feature of the phone.

Are there any problems I should know about?

Several videos of people showing how easy it was to bend the iPhone Plus were
put on YouTube. Apple later said it had received only nine complaints about the
problems so I wouldn't worry about it.

The writer was loaned two iPhones to review by Apple.

Blayne Slabbert is the technology editor for Fairfax NZ. You can follow him on
Twitter@bslabbert or email blayne.slabbert@fairfaxmedia.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Take your pick: The iPhone 6, right, and its big brother, the Plus, went on sale
in New Zealand last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Apple set for slowest ever iPhone sales growth;
Apple set for s...

LENGTH: 483 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple Inc is expected to report iPhone sales increased slightly more
than 1 percent in the holiday quarter when it announces earnings on Tuesday, its
slowest growth ever and far from the double-digit growth investors have come to
expect.


Apple Inc is expected to report iPhone sales increased slightly more than 1
percent in the holiday quarter when it announces earnings on Tuesday, its
slowest growth ever and far from the double-digit growth investors have come to
expect.

The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which boasted record weekend sales when they launched
in September, are now facing weak demand, according to analysts, because they
have fewer distinguishing features than their popular predecessors.

The new iPhones also face tough comparisons with the strong sales of their older
siblings.

Apple tapped into a crucial market when it unveiled its bigger-screen 6 and 6
Plus phones in 2014, grabbing the attention of Asian customers, who had
previously lapped up phablets from players such as Samsung Electronics. "Apple
has become a victim of their own success as the blockbuster iPhone 6 product
cycle was hard to replicate as many customers are either buying an older,
cheaper iPhone 6 or waiting for the iPhone 7," FBR Capital Markets analyst
Daniel Ives said. China, the company's fastest-growing market, may also have
weighed on first-quarter results, as a slowdown in the country's economy forced
consumers to tighten their purse strings. Analysts estimate Apple sold 75.5
million iPhones in the October-December quarter, a 1.3 percent increase from a
year earlier, according to research firm FactSet StreetAccount. This compares
with a nearly 46 percent year-over-year jump in iPhone sales in the first
quarter of 2015. The slowest growth in quarterly iPhone sales so far has been
6.8 percent, in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, according to data from
Statista. To make matters worse, Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone
sales for the March quarter - the first time that sales will fall since the
iPhone was launched in 2007. This was foreshadowed by disappointing
March-quarter forecasts from the company's Asian suppliers such as Taiwan
Semiconductor Manufacturing Co and Largan Precision Co Ltd. Apple is expected to
sell 54.6 million iPhones in the March 2016 quarter, according to FactSet. The
company sold 61.2 million iPhones between January and March, 2015 - a 40 percent
year-over-year increase. Analysts said the company will have to wait until the
launch of the iPhone 7, expected later this year, to return to growth, as buyers
upgrade to the latest version. Analysts, technology blogs and company watchers
say the iPhone 7 could include waterproofing, wireless headphones and use its
new force touch technology to kill off the home button. Apple shares closed down
1.98 percent at dollar 99.41 on Monday. They have fallen nearly 10 percent since
the start of October, steeper than a 2.2 percent decline in the S&P 500 index.
Out of the 50 brokerages that cover Apple, 43 have a "buy" or higher rating on
the stock. Their median 12-month price target is dollar 141.50. (Reuters)
Source: www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 22, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 beats cars in dowry demand!

LENGTH: 144  words


Apple Iphone 6 is one of the biggest launches of the year, and its craze can be
seen across the world. Though iPhone mania is not an old story, owing an Iphone
6 has become such a big deal that a man from Saudi Arabia even didn't mind
demanding for a brand new unit of the latest iPhone as dowry from another man
seeking to marry his sister.

The iPhone 6 is already high in demand, and is highly desired especially in the
countries where it is yet to come on sale. Saudi Arab is one such Middle Eastern
countries where the iPhone 6 is not yet available officially, and is expected to
come at an obnoxious price. Now, according to The Times Of India, an Arab man
demanded for an iPhone 6 in dowry from a man who proposed to marry his sister,
and conditioned that the marriage would happen only if the new iPhone is
delivered to him as soon as it is available locally.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 9, 2013 Wednesday

iPhone 6 to have 4.8-inch screen: Analyst

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 245 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone 5S is making waves in the market, notching up record sales in
the first weekend. However, the real game changer from Apple may still be in the
offing. Apple is said to be working on an iPhone with a 4.8-inch screen, a 20%
increase in screen size from the iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C and iPhone 5.

Jeffries analyst Peter Misek has issued a research note to investors where he
cited supply chain sources in China claiming that Apple will unveil an iPhone
with 4.8-inch screen. This model is scheduled to be launched in September next
year and will be named iPhone 6, said Misek.

His sources also said that Apple is getting favourable pricing for components
from suppliers. He also raised his rating for Apple shares from Hold to Buy,
increasing the price target from $450 to $600.

Misek in his research note wrote, "We think the 85 million iPhones eligible for
an upgrade when the iPhone 6 launches (we think Apple is targeting Sep 2014)
could be boosted by another 5-10 million from people who skipped the iPhone
5S/5C cycle."

He also revealed that iPhone 5C is facing weak demand in the market. Thus, Apple
has slashed manufacturing volumes of the cheaper model from 30 million to 15
million.

Earlier reports by The Wall Street Journal and KGI securities analyst Ming-chi
Kuo have claimed that the next iPhone will have a 4.8-inch display. WSJ has also
reported that Apple is simultaneously testing an iPhone with a 6-inch screen.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time,
according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from investment banking
firm UBS.

<p>BEIJING -- Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Eeny meeny miny iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 821 words


BLAYNE SLABBERT offers some advice on how to choose between the two lastest
iPhones.

--------------------

THE NEW PHONES iPhone 6 (4.7 inch)

16GB ($999), 64GB ($1149), 128GB ($1299)

iPhone 6 Plus (5.5 inch)

16GB ($1149), 64GB ($1299), 128GB ($1449)

Both phones come in silver, gold or space grey.

The above prices are what you'll pay outright for the phones; all the NZ
networks offer contract deals.

--------------------

It's the little things that can sometimes make the biggest difference,
especially when it comes to technology.

The new iPhones are no different. There are hundreds of incremental changes to
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, each making them a little bit easier to use than
earlier models.

It could be the fact that the screen is no longer affected by polarised sunglass
lenses or that apps now have cursor keys to make writing easier.

Or it maybe how the rounded edges of the screen make swiping feel just right, or
the cool slow- motion effect available when shooting a video.

But the changes also make it tricky to decide not only whether you should
upgrade your current iPhone, but to which model.

Firstly, these phones are excellent. Critics have raved about them and they are
probably the best high-end phone available right now.

But that doesn't mean you should buy one. Here's some advice depending on what
type of user you are and what features you like.

Which model should I get?

It depends. I think the iPhone 6 is the best the company has made. Its 4.7-inch
screen is so much easier to read than previous four- inch models and its easy to
use with one hand. If you are a first- time smartphone buyer, you will not be
disappointed. If you already own an iPhone, you'll love the iPhone 6. You'll
forget about your current small, chunky phone in a matter of minutes.

The iPhone Plus is for the power user. If you are a multimedia mavin and consume
a lot of movies and television and take plenty of photos and videos then this
could be for you. The 5.5-inch screen looks fantastic and its size means you can
easily read a digital magazine on it.

The other reason is if you do a lot of writing on your phone. The new landscape
view lets you work on multiple emails at once. No more saving one as draft
before opening another. It makes an ideal work tool and could mean you leave
your iPad at home.

Is it worth upgrading from my current iPhone?

If you have an iPhone 4 or 4S then, yes, it's time to upgrade. You will notice a
significant difference in speed and lightness and an improved camera. Also,
iOS8, the latest mobile operating system, will not work on an iPhone 4 and the
4S will struggle.

If you have an iPhone 5 or 5S then only fans should upgrade. Those models are
still great phones and will do nearly everything these phones can do.

What capacity should I get?

The safe option is to go for the 64GB model. It means you won't have to
micromanage your phone's storage and 64GB will give you plenty of room for
photos, music and some videos.

There is no need for a 128GB model unless you are a movie fan and plan to
download and watch lots of videos.

Also, with iCloud Drive, Apple's cloud storage option, you can get 200GB of
storage for $4.99 a month.

I'm an Android fan, should I switch to iPhones?

If you were ever considering make the switch, now is the time. If you held back
before there are no more excuses, you have a bigger screen and the operating
system has many of the features previously only available on Android, such as
being able to install different keyboards.

Would these suit an older user?

There are many phones to choose from but if you are committed to one of the new
iPhones then they do have a few features that may appeal, including the ability
to have a zoom view on the phone. This increases the size of images and text in
all apps. In addition you can also increase the size of the text to make it even
more readable.

This is accentuated even more with the 6 Plus and means things like the keyboard
are quite big and easy to use.

What's the battery life like?

Better than previous models. Both phones should get you through a day and a bit
with the Plus having the bigger and longer- lasting battery of the two.

Is the camera any good?

Yes. It takes excellent photos with improved focusing the biggest difference.
Also, expect to see a flood of slow-motion videos soon as that function is a
great feature of the phone.

Are there any problems I should know about?

Several videos of people showing how easy it was to bend the iPhone Plus were
put on YouTube. Apple later said it had only received nine complaints about the
problems so I wouldn't worry about it.

The writer was lent two iPhones to review by Apple.

Blayne Slabbert is the technology editor for Fairfax NZ. You can follow him on
Twitter@bslabbert or email blayne.slabbert@fairfaxmedia.co.nz

--------------------

CAPTION:

Take your pick: The iPhone 6, right, and its big brother, the Plus, went on sale
in New Zealand last week.

Picture: GETTY IMAGES

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

MAGID ON TECH: Tech test pits iPhone 6 against LG G3

BYLINE: By Larry Magid Daily News Columnist

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 543 words


There have been a lot of great things written about the iPhone 6 Plus and, I
agree, it's an excellent phone. But there are plenty of other great phones on
the market and the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are not necessarily the best choice for
everyone.

For the past week I've been carrying an iPhone 6 Plus in one pocket and an LG G3
in another and I can see how each would have its fans and detractors. Both are
excellent phones.

Of course, if you love iOS or all things Apple, then the iPhone is your personal
winner. Only an iPhone can run Apple's operating system, so your decision is
easy. But if you're open to Android -- which has finally matured into an
operating system that's truly competitive with iOS -- then the G3 has some
hardware features that might win you over.

It starts with the form factor. While both phones have essentially the same size
(5.5-inch) screen, the iPhone is considerably taller and slightly wider (though
a little thinner). Personally, I much prefer the size of the G3. It fits better
in my hand and is less prone to slipping than the iPhone, yet delivers the same
amount of screen real estate.

Technically, the G3 has a higher screen resolution (1440 x 2560 pixels vs.
1920-by-1080) but both screens look great. I'm not sure why, but I actually
prefer the iPhone's screen slightly over the G3, despite the lower resolution.

When it comes to storage, Apple gives you a choice of 16, 64 or 128 gigabytes,
while LG comes only with 32 GB but has a MicroSD slot, making it easy and
affordable to add up to 128 extra GB for about $100, making the G3 a better
value for those who want to store plenty of music, video, apps or photos on
their phone.

If you judged the camera purely on resolution, the LG with its 13 MP camera
would win over the iPhone's 8 MP camera, but that's not the whole story. Apple
has done an amazingly good job with its camera both in terms of ease of use and
image quality. Based on my tests, I'd have to call it pretty much a tie when it
comes to camera quality. Neither can replace a high-end SLR camera, but both can
take very good snapshots and decent video under a range of lighting conditions.

Call quality of course depends on your carrier, but both phones sounded pretty
good in my tests.

The iPhone has "Touch ID" and the LG G3 doesn't, so when it comes to being able
to use your fingerprint to sign into the phone, there's no competition here. I
really like Touch ID and would love to see something like it on all phones. I
give Apple credit for doing it right. It takes a while to train the iPhone 6 and
6 Plus to recognize your fingerprints but, once it does, it recognizes them
almost every time. Touch ID will be particularly important once Apple rolls out
its Apple Pay service by allowing users to verify a purchase with the touch of a
finger.

As per price, the G3 is available unlocked for $580 (from AT&T) vs. $750 for the
least expensive (16 GB) iPhone 6 Plus. If you're willing to sign a contract, the
prices are the same ($199) on AT&T and Verizon Wireless.

Personally, if I were to buy an iPhone, I'd be more likely to get the regular 6
because it feels better in the hand. But if you want the larger screen size in a
more compact case, take a look at the G3.

Email Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple bungles iPhone software update

BYLINE: Andy Richardson

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


APPLE'S newest iPhones have been hit by glitches after users complained that a
new software update blocked their calls - and a widely-circulated video showed
the larger of the two new models was vulnerable to bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing yesterday to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can". Users are still able to the upgrade older phones
to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to
nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their
phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a trouser
pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner
than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade chief marketing officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two employees at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones. One, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the video, while
the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to still function
normally.

Mr Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," he said, "but it seems
like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending was not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added: "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the bending reports.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Advertiser Edition

WHAT WE LEARNT - AND WHAT WE DIDN'T

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 404  words


APPLE has revealed plenty of new details about the new iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
and Apple Watch, but some questions remain unanswered.

WHAT WE KNOW â-  Apple plans to replace your wallet with your smartphone, in the
shape of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and the Apple Watch. A lot of people have that
plan but analysts are already saying that the deals Apple has made with banks,
credit cards and retailers like Disney could make this dream come true.

â-  Both new iPhones will use the same charger as the iPhone 5 models. â-
Apparently there is no 'I' in watch, just like there is no 'I' in team. It does
come in two sizes and three models. No matter what Watch you get, they all have
interchangeable bands.

â-  On the topic of names, where did iPhone 6 Plus come from? Let's get ready
for the marketing campaign: Now iPhones come in Plus-sized models.

â-  Apple has embraced NFC (Near Field Communication) at last - not only in its
iPhones, but in its smartwatch. If you're an Apple fan, you better brace
yourself for some gentle ribbing from your Android-loving mates welcoming you to
2010.

â-  U2 are very, very loud. Tim Cook is not scared to say "one more thing".
Apple can still keep very big secrets. And it doesn't need Steve Jobs to launch
sexy new products.

WHAT WE DON'T KNOW â-  The Apple Watch has a battery that recharges at night by
touching a magnet to the back of it. Just how often it will need recharging is
anybody's guess. Our guess is every night.

â-  When will Apple Watch be in Australia? It'll be post-Christmas but how about
early January? Nothing says Australia Day like a new smartwatch - maybe with an
esky and thongs app.

â-  What will Apple Pay mean to Australians? Apple has announced a bunch of US
retailers and banks but no details of when it will come to Australia and how it
will work.

â-  Is an eight megapixel camera the ultimate in an iPhone camera? While the
iPhone 6 Plus in particular has some great new features, including a super
slow-mo rate and optical image stabilising, Apple is continuing to stick with an
eight megapixel camera. As Apple would say, it's not the size of your
megapixels, it's how you use them.â-  While we were given stats on battery
usage, one thing you can never learn in a product launch is what battery use is
like in real-world examples. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were said to have a battery
life equal if not better than the iPhone 5S. Is that going to be good enough?

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Advertiser


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     September 14, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Tim Cook: New iPhones look "familiar," but Apple has "changed everything" about
them

BYLINE: Joseph Garcia

LENGTH: 248  words


Apple launched its next-generation iPhone models - iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
- at its product launch event held in San Francisco on September 9.

Announcing the new iPhones, Apple CEO Tim Cook tried to convince the attendees
that the handsets boast the inclusion of impressive new features, and are
outstandingly 'different' from the current iPhone 6 models.

Cook told the audience at the event that though the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus
models "may look familiar" to their predecessors, Apple has "changed everything"
about the new handsets.

The 'familiar' look of the new iPhones results from the fact that the handsets
are largely the same as the iPhone 6 models, except for some cosmetic changes as
well as the introduction of a few new internal features, which can apparently be
described as force multipliers.

So far as the changes made by Apple to the new iPhones - vis-a-vis the present
iPhones - are concerned, these changes mainly include a faster processor;
pressure-sensitive 3D Touch screen technology; a new 12-megapixel 'iSight' rear
camera; a 5-megapixel front camera; a tougher glass face; and a chassis made of
a comparatively less bendable version of the custom aluminum alloy.

Since the mentioned new features of the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus handsets do
not, strictly speaking, imply that "everything" about the new handsets has been
changed, it is apparent that the 'S' branded new iPhones are poor cousins of
Apple's iPhone 6 flagship handsets launched last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple goes from record-breaking worldwide sales to multiple iPhone 6 stumbles

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 527 words


Bloomberg

San Francisco

Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the iPhone 6
and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever". He may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
on Wednesday. Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticise the 6
Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the company had for
months teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally debuting them
on September 9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders
topping 4 million, the record weekend sales and a thriving grey market for the
smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologised for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (Bt5.5 trillion) in revenue and precede a swathe
of other products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments
system called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up, not decelerate, as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On September 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries today. In total, the iPhones will
be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's problems.

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the larger model was bending when people sat on
it. Rivals including BlackBerry's chief executive officer John Chen took a jab
at the iPhone, saying he "would challenge you guys to bend our Passport device".

That was followed by reports from users that the iOS 8 software upgrade, which
had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the health and
fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers to
experience dropped cellphone service.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                        March 6, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Increases iPhone Prices In India

LENGTH: 150  words


It's a bad news for all those who haven't laid their hands on iPhone but were
planning to, as Apple has increased the prices of its entire range of
smartphones.

According to media reports, the entire range of iPhones will become costlier by
Rs. 2,500 in India. This hike in prices is attributed to the latest budget.

With this hike in the Apple smartphones the iPhone 6 will now start at Rs.56,000
instead of Rs.53,500 for the 16GB variant, while the 64GB and 128GB iPhone 6
variants will now be priced at Rs.65,000 and Rs.74,000 respectively.

Likewise, the 16GB iPhone 6 Plus will now cost Rs.65,000, with the 64GB and
128GB variants costing Rs.74,000 and Rs.83,000 respectively.

Not only the new iPhones, there is an impact on the older models of the iPhones.
The 8GB iPhone 5c is now priced at Rs.33,500 and the iPhone 5s will now start at
Rs.47,000 for the 16GB variant and Rs.51,500 for the 32GB variant.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2015 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple tumbles on warnings about iPhone sales

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 734 words


Today: Apple shares tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino tech giant's
iPhone 6 devices may be struggling. Also; Jive Software soars, Google Maps gets
new feature.

The lead: Apple slips on warnings of weak iPhone sales

Apple shares tumbled more than 3 percent on Tuesday after an unsettling report
from Wall Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino
tech giant's iPhone 6 devices may be struggling, but another investment firm,
FBR, stated that iPhone sales still look strong.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia," a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note Tuesday. "The cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for the
new iPhone 6s."

However, another Wall Street investment firm, FBR, disagreed with the Credit
Suisse assessment and stated that iPhone sales are just fine.

"We saw the same knife fight develop going into the much contentious September
quarter and Apple proved the skeptics wrong yet again," said Dan Ives, an
analyst with FBR. "We expect a very strong December quarter/holiday quarter on
healthy iPhone 6s demand and legacy iPhone 6 shipments."

The Credit Suisse analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

"In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters," Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, Credit Suisse predicted.

Both investment firms maintained an out-perform rating on Apple.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

"It is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
business' growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come," Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

SV150 market report: Jive jumps on results, Google Maps gets new feature

Palo Alto-based Jive Software soared 9.2 percent higher in response to a
third-quarter report that beat expectations. The software company's loss was
smaller than predicted and revenue was stronger. Plus, Jive executives offered a
rosy outlook for the fourth quarter.

Mountain View-based Google is allowing people to use its Maps feature off-line
in circumstances when Internet service is spotty or non-existent. Google also
announced that its Chrome browser no longer will support Windows XP, Windows
Vista, and the Mac OS versions 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 .

Menlo Park-based Facebook is offering photo recognition technology to its
Messenger app. The idea is to make it easier for people to send the photo to
other people in the image, or to groups of people.

Silicon Valley Big 10: Netflix up 2.6 percent, Facebook up 1.3 percent, Gilead
Sciences up 0.7 percent, Google owner Alphabet up 0.5 percent, saleforce.com up
0.04 percent, eBay down 0.1 percent, Intel down 0.4 percent, Oracle down 0.5
percent, Cisco Systems down 0.7 percent, Apple down 3.2 percent.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: The biggest winners by percent change were Jive Software, Nektar
Therapeutics, Accuray, Depomed, Pandora Media.

Down: The biggest losers by percent change were Aemetis, SunPower, SolarCity,
Rocket Fuel, Gigamon.

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 2.45, or 0.14
percent, to 1,705.42.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 12.06, or 0.24 percent, to
5,083.24.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 27.73, or 0.16 percent, to
17,758.21.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 3.14, or 0.15 percent, to
2,081.72.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Biz Break: Apple tumbles on warnings about iPhone sales

BYLINE: By George Avalos gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 734 words


Today: Apple shares tumbled on Tuesday after an unsettling report from Wall
Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino tech giant's
iPhone 6 devices may be struggling. Also; Jive Software soars, Google Maps gets
new feature.

The lead: Apple slips on warnings of weak iPhone sales

Apple shares tumbled more than 3 percent on Tuesday after an unsettling report
from Wall Street analyst Credit Suisse that suggested sales of the Cupertino
tech giant's iPhone 6 devices may be struggling, but another investment firm,
FBR, stated that iPhone sales still look strong.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10 percent, according to
our teams in Asia," a team led by Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha wrote
in a research note Tuesday. "The cuts seem to be driven by weak demand for the
new iPhone 6s."

However, another Wall Street investment firm, FBR, disagreed with the Credit
Suisse assessment and stated that iPhone sales are just fine.

"We saw the same knife fight develop going into the much contentious September
quarter and Apple proved the skeptics wrong yet again," said Dan Ives, an
analyst with FBR. "We expect a very strong December quarter/holiday quarter on
healthy iPhone 6s demand and legacy iPhone 6 shipments."

The Credit Suisse analysts lowered their projections for calendar 2016 unit
builds for the iPhone 6 to 222 million units, down from the prior estimate of
242 million units. That would be 8.3 percent below the original estimate for
2016.

Credit Suisse also estimated that 2017 will bring iPhone build to 235 million
units, which would be 6 percent higher than the new 2016 prediction.

"In our view, the continued weak supply chain news could weigh on Apple shares
for the next few weeks or quarters," Credit Suisse stated in the note.

For all of calendar 2016, Apple should earn about $9.81 a share, which is about
6 percent below the prior estimate of $10.40, Credit Suisse predicted.

Both investment firms maintained an out-perform rating on Apple.

Among the reasons for future growth: Credit Suisse believes the installed base
for the iPhone will swell to 615 million over time, driven by its recent
expansion, which currently is growing by 24 percent a year. Plus, recently
launched installment plans to pay for the iPhone will drive unit sales long
term, the analysts stated.

"It is tempting to argue that this is now the beginning of the end of the iPhone
business' growth phase run. Indeed, with revenues now at around $155 billion, it
has clearly been a successful run. Despite this, we believe there is more to
come," Credit Suisse wrote in the note.

SV150 market report: Jive jumps on results, Google Maps gets new feature

Palo Alto-based Jive Software soared 9.2 percent higher in response to a
third-quarter report that beat expectations. The software company's loss was
smaller than predicted and revenue was stronger. Plus, Jive executives offered a
rosy outlook for the fourth quarter.

Mountain View-based Google is allowing people to use its Maps feature off-line
in circumstances when Internet service is spotty or non-existent. Google also
announced that its Chrome browser no longer will support Windows XP, Windows
Vista, and the Mac OS versions 10.6, 10.7 and 10.8 .

Menlo Park-based Facebook is offering photo recognition technology to its
Messenger app. The idea is to make it easier for people to send the photo to
other people in the image, or to groups of people.

Silicon Valley Big 10: Netflix up 2.6 percent, Facebook up 1.3 percent, Gilead
Sciences up 0.7 percent, Google owner Alphabet up 0.5 percent, saleforce.com up
0.04 percent, eBay down 0.1 percent, Intel down 0.4 percent, Oracle down 0.5
percent, Cisco Systems down 0.7 percent, Apple down 3.2 percent.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: The biggest winners by percent change were Jive Software, Nektar
Therapeutics, Accuray, Depomed, Pandora Media.

Down: The biggest losers by percent change were Aemetis, SunPower, SolarCity,
Rocket Fuel, Gigamon.

The SV150 index of Silicon Valley's biggest companies: Down 2.45, or 0.14
percent, to 1,705.42.

The tech-focused Nasdaq composite index: Down 12.06, or 0.24 percent, to
5,083.24.

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Up 27.73, or 0.16 percent, to
17,758.21.

And the broad-based Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 3.14, or 0.15 percent, to
2,081.72.

Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Demand for iPhone 6 Gives Apple Record-Breaking Quarter

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 830 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- Apple's biggest cash cow, the iPhone, is gaining weight.

Sales of iPhones, including the new, big-screen iPhone 6 models released last
month, helped carry Apple to a record-breaking quarter and offset slowing sales
of one of Apple's other major products, the iPad, the company announced Monday.
Apple sold 39 million iPhones in the quarter that ended Sept. 27, a significant
bump from the 33.8 million it sold in the same period last year.

Apple appears to be gorging on consumer demand for its smartphone. The company's
$8.5 billion in net profit for its fiscal fourth quarter was 13.3 percent higher
than the same quarter a year ago. Revenue over the quarter was $42.1 billion, up
from $37.5 billion in the same period last year.

''Demand for the new iPhones has been staggering,'' Timothy D. Cook, Apple's
chief executive, said in a financial earnings call with investors. He added:
''I've never felt so great after a launch before.''

But impolite as it may be to point out in the middle of such exuberant returns,
those numbers -- while enviable for most companies -- do pose some risk for
Apple, which gets about 70 percent of its profits from the iPhone, said Toni
Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein research.

As with any company increasingly reliant on a single product, should development
of that product falter or if competition from companies like Samsung grows even
tougher, Apple would be vulnerable.

''Increasingly Apple is the iPhone story,'' Mr. Sacconaghi said.

Shares of Apple rose about 1.5 percent to $101.25 in after-hours trading Monday.

Phone sales have steadily grown even though overall sales of smartphones are
slowing in developed markets like the United States and parts of Europe. But
Apple has aggressively fought that trend. Last year, it for the first time
released two new iPhone models instead of just one. Last month, Apple again
released two new iPhones, this time with bigger screens.

The larger iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones drew a strong reaction early.
In the first weekend that the new iPhones went on sale in September, Apple sold
10 million of the devices, up from the nine million new iPhones sold last year
on their opening weekend.

In addition, Apple has teamed up with phone carriers in important markets,
particularly China.

Apple's quarterly revenue beat Wall Street expectations for $39.9 billion,
according to a survey of analysts by Thomson Reuters. Apple's $1.42 a share
profit also exceeded analysts' expectations for $1.31 a share. For Apple's full
fiscal year of 2014, profit was $39.5 billion on revenue of $182.8 billion.

Now for the bad news: The company on Monday said it sold 12.3 million iPads over
the quarter, down from 14 million in the same quarter last year. The company's
iPad sales were down in the previous quarter, too.

J.P. Gownder, a technology analyst for Forrester Research, said that it appeared
tablet makers had not established a steady pattern for how often people upgrade
to new tablets. He added that the faster and thinner iPad Air 2, which was
announced last week, could give incentive for professional customers to buy a
tablet, but an iPad with an even bigger screen would have driven more new
demand.

Apple also said it sold 5.5 million Macs over the quarter, a major improvement
from the 4.6 million it sold in the same period last year. But the Mac is still
small fry compared with the iPhone.

In the earnings call, Mr. Cook said that Apple continued to be very bullish
about the iPad's prospects. He noted that over four years, Apple had sold about
230 million iPads, which was double the number of iPhones it sold over the first
four years.

He added that sales of some of Apple's other products might be eating into iPad
sales, and that was not a concern.

''I'm sure some people looked at a Mac and an iPad and decided on the Mac,'' Mr.
Cook said, ''and I'm fine with that, by the way.''

Apple executives are optimistic about the coming holiday quarter. Apple told
investors that it expected to make $63.5 billion to $66.5 billion of revenue for
its fiscal first quarter next year. That compares with $57.6 billion in revenue
in the same quarter one year ago.

The question remains if a brand-new product -- the Apple Watch due for release
early next year -- could one day become a star that rivals the iPhone in terms
of sales and profit.

Notably, Apple said in the call that in its future financial reports, the
company would include sales numbers for the watch in the ''Other'' category,
along with the Apple TV and iPods -- products that have been less successful.
That made analysts wonder if Apple had low expectations for the watch.

Mr. Cook said Apple did not form the category based on expectations and
acknowledged that he was lumping the watch in with other products for
competitive purposes. ''I'm not very anxious in reporting a lot of numbers on
Apple Watch and giving a lot of detail on it, because our competitors are
looking for it,'' Mr. Cook said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/10/21/technology/iphone-6
-propels-apple-profit-to-record.html

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: An iPhone 6 display in an Apple store in Shanghai. IPhone 6
sales offset slowing iPad purchases. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHANNES EISELE/AGENCE
FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Business: Top online rumors of latest iPhone

LENGTH: 548  words


Apple Inc is expected to unveil its next-generation iPhone in September. As
usual, rumors have gone viral as unsubstantiated stories constantly swirl around
the Internet.

According to data released by Canalys, a mobile market research firm, one in
three smartphones shipped in China was from Xiaomi Inc or Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd in the second quarter. Apple came in third, followed by Samsung and Vivo.

During the same period, shares of the California kingpin fell 2.36 percent to a
six-month low. The stock also fell below its 200-day moving average for the
first time since September 2013.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a note that the "key investment debate is
whether iPhone shipments can grow in fiscal 2016".

Here we feature some of the hot topics to have been discussed online:

Release date

A member of staff at a China Mobile shop explains a function of the iPhone 5s in
Beijing January 17, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

"The new iPhone will go on sale via telecom carrier Vodafone on September 25,"
said UK-based tech website Mobile News, citing a leaked internal e-mail sent
from Vodafone.

According to the e-mail, the operator outlined pre-launch information, including
that they will begin taking pre-orders from September 18.

Spy shots

Australian website macfixit.com.au, posted photos on Monday which appear to be
the new iPhone 6S Display Assembly. [Photo/macfixit.com.au]

Photos, believed to have been leaked from Apple's original equipment
manufacturer in China, were posted on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like social
media platform. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Slimmer

Exploded view of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus after a product teardown by iFixit in
Australia September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Taiwan-based Digitimes reports that Apple will adopt 0.4t (with a dimension of
3x0.85x0.4mm) LED chips for its backlight units, in order to make its iPhone
even thinner than the previous generation.

The report suggests that Apple will use 0.4t LED chips from Japan-based Nichia
and Toyoda Gose.

Rose gold, Force Touch

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (right) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on
sale in New York, September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Tech website Apple Insider reported on May 12 that Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who has a solid track record on Apple leaks, issued a new research
note that revealed a number of changes planned for Apple's so-called "iPhone
6s".

He said Apple will offer a new rose gold option, though he didn't indicate how
much the high-end luxury model might cost.

Force Touch, a technology that can enhance user experience due to more input
methods and support of handwritten signatures, will be the biggest upgraded
selling point, but also one of the main bottlenecks in the supply chain.

New Chip

The internal parts of a suspected next-generation iPhone. [Photo/9to5mac.com]

According to 9to5mac.com, one of the main upgrades to the next iPhone's internal
parts will be a redesigned wireless system featuring a new Qualcomm-made LTE
chip.

"The new device will include Qualcomm's MDM9635M chip, also known as the '9X35'
Gobi modem platform," said the report.

This new chip promises significant performance improvements over the "9X25" chip
found inside the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, capable of delivering up to
twice the theoretical LTE download speeds.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                 August 6, 2015

Business: Top online rumors of latest iPhone

LENGTH: 548  words


Apple Inc is expected to unveil its next-generation iPhone in September. As
usual, rumors have gone viral as unsubstantiated stories constantly swirl around
the Internet.

According to data released by Canalys, a mobile market research firm, one in
three smartphones shipped in China was from Xiaomi Inc or Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd in the second quarter. Apple came in third, followed by Samsung and Vivo.

During the same period, shares of the California kingpin fell 2.36 percent to a
six-month low. The stock also fell below its 200-day moving average for the
first time since September 2013.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a note that the "key investment debate is
whether iPhone shipments can grow in fiscal 2016".

Here we feature some of the hot topics to have been discussed online:

Release date

A member of staff at a China Mobile shop explains a function of the iPhone 5s in
Beijing January 17, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

"The new iPhone will go on sale via telecom carrier Vodafone on September 25,"
said UK-based tech website Mobile News, citing a leaked internal e-mail sent
from Vodafone.

According to the e-mail, the operator outlined pre-launch information, including
that they will begin taking pre-orders from September 18.

Spy shots

Australian website macfixit.com.au, posted photos on Monday which appear to be
the new iPhone 6S Display Assembly. [Photo/macfixit.com.au]

Photos, believed to have been leaked from Apple's original equipment
manufacturer in China, were posted on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like social
media platform. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Slimmer

Exploded view of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus after a product teardown by iFixit in
Australia September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Taiwan-based Digitimes reports that Apple will adopt 0.4t (with a dimension of
3x0.85x0.4mm) LED chips for its backlight units, in order to make its iPhone
even thinner than the previous generation.

The report suggests that Apple will use 0.4t LED chips from Japan-based Nichia
and Toyoda Gose.

Rose gold, Force Touch

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (right) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on
sale in New York, September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Tech website Apple Insider reported on May 12 that Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who has a solid track record on Apple leaks, issued a new research
note that revealed a number of changes planned for Apple's so-called "iPhone
6s".

He said Apple will offer a new rose gold option, though he didn't indicate how
much the high-end luxury model might cost.

Force Touch, a technology that can enhance user experience due to more input
methods and support of handwritten signatures, will be the biggest upgraded
selling point, but also one of the main bottlenecks in the supply chain.

New Chip

The internal parts of a suspected next-generation iPhone. [Photo/9to5mac.com]

According to 9to5mac.com, one of the main upgrades to the next iPhone's internal
parts will be a redesigned wireless system featuring a new Qualcomm-made LTE
chip.

"The new device will include Qualcomm's MDM9635M chip, also known as the '9X35'
Gobi modem platform," said the report.

This new chip promises significant performance improvements over the "9X25" chip
found inside the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, capable of delivering up to
twice the theoretical LTE download speeds.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Top 5 online rumors of latest iPhone

LENGTH: 548  words


Apple Inc is expected to unveil its next-generation iPhone in September. As
usual, rumors have gone viral as unsubstantiated stories constantly swirl around
the Internet.

According to data released by Canalys, a mobile market research firm, one in
three smartphones shipped in China was from Xiaomi Inc or Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd in the second quarter. Apple came in third, followed by Samsung and Vivo.

During the same period, shares of the California kingpin fell 2.36 percent to a
six-month low. The stock also fell below its 200-day moving average for the
first time since September 2013.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a note that the "key investment debate is
whether iPhone shipments can grow in fiscal 2016".

Here we feature some of the hot topics to have been discussed online:

Release date

A member of staff at a China Mobile shop explains a function of the iPhone 5s in
Beijing January 17, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

"The new iPhone will go on sale via telecom carrier Vodafone on September 25,"
said UK-based tech website Mobile News, citing a leaked internal e-mail sent
from Vodafone.

According to the e-mail, the operator outlined pre-launch information, including
that they will begin taking pre-orders from September 18.

Spy shots

Australian website macfixit.com.au, posted photos on Monday which appear to be
the new iPhone 6S Display Assembly. [Photo/macfixit.com.au]

Photos, believed to have been leaked from Apple's original equipment
manufacturer in China, were posted on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like social
media platform. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Slimmer

Exploded view of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus after a product teardown by iFixit in
Australia September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Taiwan-based Digitimes reports that Apple will adopt 0.4t (with a dimension of
3x0.85x0.4mm) LED chips for its backlight units, in order to make its iPhone
even thinner than the previous generation.

The report suggests that Apple will use 0.4t LED chips from Japan-based Nichia
and Toyoda Gose.

Rose gold, Force Touch

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (right) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on
sale in New York, September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Tech website Apple Insider reported on May 12 that Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who has a solid track record on Apple leaks, issued a new research
note that revealed a number of changes planned for Apple's so-called "iPhone
6s".

He said Apple will offer a new rose gold option, though he didn't indicate how
much the high-end luxury model might cost.

Force Touch, a technology that can enhance user experience due to more input
methods and support of handwritten signatures, will be the biggest upgraded
selling point, but also one of the main bottlenecks in the supply chain.

New Chip

The internal parts of a suspected next-generation iPhone. [Photo/9to5mac.com]

According to 9to5mac.com, one of the main upgrades to the next iPhone's internal
parts will be a redesigned wireless system featuring a new Qualcomm-made LTE
chip.

"The new device will include Qualcomm's MDM9635M chip, also known as the '9X35'
Gobi modem platform," said the report.

This new chip promises significant performance improvements over the "9X25" chip
found inside the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, capable of delivering up to
twice the theoretical LTE download speeds.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 10:59 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 and Watch revealed

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 715 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".

Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. P artnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                   September 10, 2014 Wednesday 12:21 AM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 and Watch revealed

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 719 words


Apple has launched its first smartwatch as well as a new enlarged iPhone, called
the iPhone 6 Plus.

At a highly-anticipated event in California, CEO Tim Cook detailed the firm's
latest product innovations, which also included Apple Pay - designed to "replace
the wallet".

Confirming online rumours, the technology giant revealed its first steps into
the smartwatch market with the Apple Watch, and although the company would not
go into more detail on a launch date beyond "early 2015" confirmed it will be
priced at about £300.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created. It is worth the wait."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also
larger, now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple
call "ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Mr Cook called the handsets "the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone".

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also unveiled a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to power
new apps and games. P artnerships with game studios including Disney and EA were
also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based firm had been expected to announce two new iPhones, with
speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Both new iPhones will ship on September 19, with the iPhone 6 starting at £539,
and the 6 Plus at £619.

Apple also announced its plans to enter the payment market.

Mr Cook said: "Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with
payments."

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said.

"The Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of
iOS."

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.

There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport
and Apple Watch Edition.

The new Apple Watch can be completely customised to suit the style of the user,
and also comes with Apple's voice assistant Siri. It will also work with Apple
Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: More than 10 million iPhones sold in first weekend

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Institution of Engineering and Technology has issued the following news
release:

Apple says it sold more than 10 million iPhones in the first weekend after its
new models went on sale on Friday.

Chief Executive Tim Cook said the company could have sold even more iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus models if it weren't for the supply constraints the company tends
to face in years that involve a re-design, with screen production a major
concern this year.

Analysts had estimated first-weekend sales of up to 10 million iPhones, after
Apple booked record pre-orders of 4 million on September 12, the day pre-orders
opened.

"Despite the supply chain constraints around the iPhone 6 Plus and tightness
around certain models of the iPhone 6, we believe (Monday's) strong print
demonstrates that Apple executed extremely well in the face of severe supply
constraints," Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Brian White wrote in a note.

First-day pre-orders of the new phones, which went on sale in 10 countries, far
surpassed the two million first-day pre-orders for the iPhone 5 model two years
ago.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible," Cook said in a statement.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C models in 11 countries,
including China, in the first weekend they were available. Sales of the latest
models in China, the world's largest smartphone market, have been delayed by
regulatory issues.

Apple sold 5 million iPhone 5 handsets, 4 million iPhone 4S models and 1.7
million iPhone 4 units during the first weekend.

The company said last week that many US customers would have to wait until next
month for their new iPhones due to strong demand. The new iPhones will be
available in 20 more countries on September 26.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Apple CEO goes from record sales to iPhone stumbles

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 960 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction
of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever."

He may have spoken too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets.

The company pulled a new mobile-software update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the
program caused some people to lose cellular service on Wednesday, and he
promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize
the 6 Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed on it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Company executives had for months
teased the introduction of the new iPhones before finally debuting them on Sept.
9. The devices had spurred a frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping four
million, the record weekend sales and a thriving gray market for the smartphones
in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2 ½ hours on Apple's customer support line after
downloading the software upgrade yesterday and finding it stopped his cellular
service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me today and
I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an emailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone 6
users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company was set to
introduce the phones in another 22 countries on Friday. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
the lastest miscues. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt. Prospect, Ill., who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock
working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I think
the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the larger 5.5-inch screen model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals, including BlackBerry CEO John Chen, took a jab at
the iPhone. He said he "would challenge you guys to bend our Passport" device,
referring to the new Passport smartphone launched on Wednesday.

That was followed by reports from users Wednesday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent 2 ½ hours on the phone with Apple customer
service, said his representative was unaware there would be a software update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 Thursday,"
Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him that that happened. He said typically
when they do software updates they know about it days in advance, so they're
ready for it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 per cent of the time, or 67 per cent
more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Apple: Record 4M iPhones orders

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 297 words


NEW YORK (AP) - Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new, larger
iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said
Monday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday
and throughout September, but many won't be delivered until October, Apple said.

Phones will still be available Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores
and from various wireless carriers and authorized Apple resellers.

Apple's website had intermittent outages last Friday because of heavy traffic as
orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour
record, beating the 2 million orders in 2012. That was for the iPhone 5, the
previous time Apple increased the iPhone's screen size.

Last year, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c phones in the first
three days they were on sale, but the company didn't say how many came in the
first 24 hours of advance orders.

The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6
is 4.7 inches, and the iPhone 6 Plus is 5.5 inches.

Besides larger screens, the new phones announced last week offer faster
performance and a wireless chip for making credit card payments at retail stores
by holding the phone near the payment terminal. The phones start at $199 with a
two-year service contact.

The new phones will initially be available in the U.S., Australia, Canada,
France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the U.K.
Availability will expand to more than 20 additional countries a week later.

A free update to Apple's iOS software for mobile devices will be available to
existing users on Wednesday. The new phones will come with the update, known as
iOS 8.

Apple's stock rose 30 cents to $101.96 in midday trading Monday.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

LENGTH: 428  words


Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

The phones have been on the market in 10 countries and regions since Sept 19 but
were excluded from the Chinese mainland.

As of Tuesday afternoon, Shenzhen officials had seized more than 200 iPhone 6
handsets smuggled from Hong Kong. Another 1,600 identified as self-use goods had
import duties imposed on them or were returned to Hong Kong, customs data
showed.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Provided to China Daily

"We target smugglers who illegally carry the phones from Hong Kong to Shenzhen
for profit. Individuals who bought phones for their own use just need to pay the
duty and will not be punished," said a press official, surnamed Li, at the Luohu
checkpoint.

Apple's iPhones are on a list of 20 items on which duty must be paid. The duty
is about 10 percent, Li said.

About half of the new iPhones were caught at the checkpoint, one of the
country's busiest land checkpoints.

On Sept 20, customs officials at Luohu saw a man acting suspiciously. He seemed
to want to keep his distance from inspectors, who eventually discovered eight
iPhones hidden inside his underpants.

Two days later, two men were caught carrying three iPhones inside their
underpants in a joint effort by Shenzhen and Hong Kong customs authorities.

"We will remain on high alert, because the smugglers will invent ways to
illegally bring in new iPhones," Li said.

At the Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest grey
markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong, the cost of a 16
gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus varies from 11,000 to 15,000 yuan ($1,790 to $2,440). The
price at an Apple store is about HK$6,390 ($830).

The price for a regular iPhone 6 is lower - about 7,050 yuan - but still above
the official price in Hong Kong of HK$5,588.

"The price of an iPhone 6 is down by 2,000 yuan compared with three days ago,"
one seller said, "So I suggest if you have one and want to sell it, you do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

At Zhongguancun in Beijing, one of the largest electronic markets in North
China, the iPhone 6 Plus sold at no less than 16,500 yuan on Monday, Beijing
Evening News reported.

Contact the writers at chenhong@chinadaily.com.cn and grace@chinadailyhk.com

(China Daily USA 09/24/2014 page5)

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Customs officers target smugglers of iPhones

BYLINE: Chen Hong and Chai Hua in Shenzhen

LENGTH: 427  words


Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

Customs officials in Shenzhen, Guangdong province, have stepped up efforts to
block the smuggling of Apple's new iPhones.

The phones have been on the market in 10 countries and regions since Sept 19 but
were excluded from the Chinese mainland.

As of Tuesday afternoon, Shenzhen officials had seized more than 200 iPhone 6
handsets smuggled from Hong Kong. Another 1,600 identified as self-use goods had
import duties imposed on them or were returned to Hong Kong, customs data
showed.

Smuggled iPhone 6 cellphones are found in a tea box by customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong province. Provided to China Daily

"We target smugglers who illegally carry the phones from Hong Kong to Shenzhen
for profit. Individuals who bought phones for their own use just need to pay the
duty and will not be punished," said a press official, surnamed Li, at the Luohu
checkpoint.

Apple's iPhones are on a list of 20 items on which duty must be paid. The duty
is about 10 percent, Li said.

About half of the new iPhones were caught at the checkpoint, one of the
country's busiest land checkpoints.

On Sept 20, customs officials at Luohu saw a man acting suspiciously. He seemed
to want to keep his distance from inspectors, who eventually discovered eight
iPhones hidden inside his underpants.

Two days later, two men were caught carrying three iPhones inside their
underpants in a joint effort by Shenzhen and Hong Kong customs authorities.

"We will remain on high alert, because the smugglers will invent ways to
illegally bring in new iPhones," Li said.

At the Huaqiang North Electronic Market in Shenzhen, one of the biggest grey
markets for Apple and other electronic products in Guangdong, the cost of a 16
gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus varies from 11,000 to 15,000 yuan ($1,790 to $2,440). The
price at an Apple store is about HK$6,390 ($830).

The price for a regular iPhone 6 is lower - about 7,050 yuan - but still above
the official price in Hong Kong of HK$5,588.

"The price of an iPhone 6 is down by 2,000 yuan compared with three days ago,"
one seller said, "So I suggest if you have one and want to sell it, you do so as
soon as possible, while you can still earn about 3,000 yuan."

At Zhongguancun in Beijing, one of the largest electronic markets in North
China, the iPhone 6 Plus sold at no less than 16,500 yuan on Monday, Beijing
Evening News reported.

Contact the writers at chenhong@chinadaily.com.cn and grace@chinadailyhk.com

(China Daily 09/24/2014 page4)

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           September 21, 2014 Sunday

He got first iPhone 6 in India just when US woke up to it;
Ram Agrawal, a Class X student, paid premium to a city dealer so that he got it
when official Apple store opened in US

BYLINE: Manushi Gandhi

LENGTH: 308  words


Ram Agrawal, a Class X student, paid premium to a city dealer so that he got it
when official Apple store opened in US

Ahmedabad: There seems to be one more reason to believe that Amdavadis are tech
savvy and brand-crazy, as Ram Agrawal, a Class X student, became the first owner
of iPhone 6 in India exactly when it was being launched in the US on Friday. He
claims that he got hold of the phone even before it reached tech-crazy Apple
fans in the US.

Agrawal says he was always an ardent Apple fan and would always buy the latest
versions of the phone ever since he was in Class II. Sharing his new-found joy,
he said, "I have already posted my photos posing with iPhone 6 on Facebook, and
my friends are surprised. I bought the phone paying more than the actual market
price, but I feel it's worth the product."

The dealer who got iPhone 6 for him says that he delivered the phone to Agrawal
on Friday at around 9 pm (which was 8:30 am in San Francisco, USA, where Apple's
official store is located). He added that Agrawal was so eager to have the phone
that he won't accept even an hour's delay.

Officially, iPhone 6 is set to launch in India in October, but it is already
available in grey market at premium price.

Agrawal's previous mobile phone was an iPhone 5S. He adds, "I have been buying
iPhones for many years now, and would continue to do so whenever the latest
iPhone hits the market. This is my eighth iPhone." He is passionate about the
latest gadgets and plans to pursue a career in information technology.

Agrawal's iPhone 6 is a space-grey coloured model, with 116GB memory. He,
however, refused to disclose the actual amount he paid for the phone.

When asked if the latest acquisition would hamper his studies, he said, "I am
sure it will not, since I don't plan to carry it to the school."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple deals with user complaints after debut of new iPhone models;
Criticism plagues company after record-breaking sales, prompting a public
apology

BYLINE: Tim Higgins and Adam Satariano Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 790 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Apple Inc. chief executive officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken
too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets.

The company pulled a new mobile-software update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the
program caused some people to lose cellular service, and promised a fix soon.
Scores of consumers also took to social media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it
can bend if sat on or if enough pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the Cupertino,
Calif.-based company had for months teased the introduction of the new iPhones
before finally debuting them on Sept. 9. The devices spurred a frenzy of demand,
with preorders topping four million, the record weekend sales and a thriving
grey market for the smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state-run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2-1/2 hours on Apple's customer support line
after downloading the software upgrade Wednesday and finding it stopped his
cellular service.

"I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me today and I wasn't
going to be able to get them," Nochimson said.

Apple said in an emailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone 6
users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the previous
version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release a new
version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion (U.S.) in revenue and precede a swath of other
products, including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system
called Apple Pay.

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up - not decelerate - as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Friday. The iPhones will be in
115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
Wednesday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mount Prospect, Ill., who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm clock
working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week.

"I think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing," Zahrt said.

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before Wednesday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system.

According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash
about 3.3 per cent of the time, or 67 per cent more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook is dealing with a multitude of issues after the
launch of their newest smartphone devices, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. One analyst
says the problems won't dampen demand. Jeff Chiu/The Associated Press File Photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Apple poised for record quarter, analysts predict

BYLINE: Julia Love

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 381 words


Riding a wave of red-hot iPhone sales and expanding market share, Apple is
widely expected to shatter records when it reports its earnings for the first
quarter of 2015 Tuesday.

The consensus from analysts is that Apple will log earnings per share of $2.59
on $67.5 billion in revenue, beating the companycs own forecast of $63.5 to
$66.5 billion in total sales. A group of analysts polled by Fortune expects
Apple to climb even higher, reaching revenue of $68.3 billion, a 21 percent jump
from the same time last year.

Brightened by a holiday glow, Applecs first quarter, which ends Dec. 27, is
always its biggest   and this time it had supersize iPhones to share. The wild
success of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is analystsc chief cause for optimism. With
the gadgets, Apple at last answered the call for iPhones with larger screens,
and consumers rushed to stores in response. The phonesc record sales gave Apple
a boost last quarter , though they went on sale toward the end of the period.
Whatcs more, many consumers who wanted to buy the new phones when they first
when they first debuted were unable to as Apple struggled to meet pent-up
demand. The first quarter of 2015 is the first to reflect full availability of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and Wall Street is expecting a rich payday.

Strong sales in Asia will likely be another bright spot for the company. A new
report from Counterpoint Research found that sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
had pushed Applecs share of the smartphone market up to 51 percent in Japan, 33
percent in South Korea and 12 percent in China. Some analysts expect Apple to
announce it sold more phones in China than in the U.S. for the first time last
year, as the Financial Times reported .

Of course, the booming iPhone sales do have a dark lining. Sales of the iPad
have been slumping for some time, and analysts will be watching to see whether
the enlarged iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have further cannibalized tablet sales. When
Apple CEO Tim Cook comes on the line, theycll also be listening closely for
statistics about Apple Pay, the companycs new mobile payments service, as well
as hints about the Apple Watch, which is set to debut early this year.

Above: Apple CEO Tim Cook is expected to announce record earnings on Tuesday
(Justin Sullivan/Getty Images).c

c

c

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple CEO Tim Cook shows off the new
iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch during an Apple special event at the Flint Center
for the Performing Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple is
expected to unveil the new iPhone 6 and wearble tech. (Photo by Justin
Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                    September 24, 2014 Wednesday 9:16 AM GMT

New iPhone 6 owners complain it BENDS after a few days in your pocket;
A number of fans have posted photos showing the phone has warped

BYLINE: By Steve Robson

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 149 words


Splashed out for the new iPhone 6?

You might find it comes with an unexpected feature.

A number of owners have complained their new smartphone has become BENT after
only a few days being kept in a pocket.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - which cost £539 and £619 respectively - were
launched around the world last Friday.

New features include a larger screen surrounded by an aluminium frame.

Bent iPhone 1

Bent iPhone 2

But several owners have posted evidence that the phone bends all too easily.

One Apple fan named Hanzoh posted on MacRumours forum that his new iPhone 6 Plus
has been left distorted after only 18 hours in his pocket.

The issue quickly took hold on social media and has been dubbed 'bend-gate'.

One tech enthusiast even posted a video on YouTube to prove how easily it can be
done.

Apple has so far declined to comment on the alleged problem.

Does the new iPhone 6 really bend that easily?

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDAR


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    September 8, 2016 Thursday 11:05 AM GMT

Forget the iPhone 7 and wait for the iPhone 8, say experts;
Tech giant reportedly holding back special features for 2017 model

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 395 words


Apple have just launched their next smartphone - but some experts reckon you
should wait for the iPhone 8.

The iPhone 7 was launched on Wednesday, at an event streamed live across the
world from San Francisco.

But some critics say the new smartphone from the tech giant, which introduces a
raft of new features, is holding back some ground-breaking innovations.

Many have said that, since 2017 marks the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, the
company are set to keep some pioneering developments for next year's model -
which many expect to be called the iPhone 8.

As a result, many are suggesting that users hold off on buying the iPhone 7, and
wait another year before splashing out on a Apple handset.

iPhone messages set for MAJOR changes with iOS 10 - all you need to know

In other news, eagle-eyed social media users have noticed a disclaimer on
Apple's frequently asked questions which might put them off buying a new iPhone
in 'jet black'.

Fans have longed for a black device for years, but have always had to make do
with 'space grey' - until now.

But their hopes and dreams may be dashed in the coming months and years, as it
turns out that the high-gloss finish of the new colour phone is more prone to
showing up scratches.

Apple explains: "Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple
products, however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use.

"If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases
available to protect your iPhone."

Best iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S deals after Apple launch iPhone 7

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones run into software, bending complaints

SECTION: COMPANIES

LENGTH: 454 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Apple's newest iPhones ran into some glitches Wednesday after
users complained that a new software update blocked their calls, while a widely
circulated video showed the larger of the two new models is vulnerable to
bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing Wednesday morning to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8
operating system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

By midday Wednesday, Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and
would issue advice to users "as quickly as we can." Users are still able to the
upgrade older phones to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has
already been downloaded to nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models- the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. It's not uncommon for new software to
contain bugs that have to be fixed with subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing Wednesday with reports that the
aluminum shell of the iPhone 6 Plus is vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users
claimed their phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a
pants pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and
thinner than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands-
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

But SquareTrade Chief Marketing Officer Ty Shay said that after reports of
bending circulated online, two staffers at his firm tried to bend a pair of 6
Plus phones: One staffer, a man, was able to duplicate the results from the
video, while the other, a woman, could not. He said the bent phone appeared to
still function normally.

Shay said his firm then checked and found a small number of bent older-model
iPhones had been reported in the past. "It does happen," said Shay, "but it
seems like for the most part it's cosmetic damage."

He suggested the bending is not a major issue. Referring to the iPhone 6 Plus,
he added, "I think it's still a very durable phone. But we'll keep an eye on the
claims."

Apple did not comment on the reports of bending.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                       October 7, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Jio to Bring IPHONE 7, IPHONE 7 Plus to India with Unprecedented Experience

LENGTH: 459  words


Oct. 7 -- Welcome to the next gen iPhones on the only-4G all-IP network in
India. Jio announced it will offer the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, the best,
most advanced iPhone ever, featuring an all-new advanced camera system, dust and
water resistant design, stereo speaker system and the A10 Fusion chip, which is
the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the best battery life
ever in an iPhone.

All Jio customers purchasing a new iPhone will receive 12 months of Jio Digital
Services complimentary with purchase. This offer will be available for new
iPhone purchases across all Reliance Digital stores and select Apple Premium
Resellers (APR) and Apple Authorized Resellers (AAR).

"Today's announcement brings together India's best premium 4G network with the
incredible iPhone experience," said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio. "Jio is
India's 4G-only network, providing high- speed internet across India. The true
power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the Jio
network."

For the first time on a mobile network in India, iPhone customers on the Jio
Network will be able to watch 300+ channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime
and enjoy high definition voice calling.

Exceptional Service Experience

Home Delivery and Activation: Convenient and personalized Jio SIM activation
experience at your doorstep

Express priority experience at Jio stores: Walk into any Reliance Digital store
and get access to priority Jio SIM activation

Jio for iPhone Customers

Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s
Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of
complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited
local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB
of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio
Applications.

Great Value Proposition for Enterprise

All Enterprise customers can get an exclusive discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone 7
plus iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff
plans. Details available on www.jio.com/apple

Both the above offers have been brought to you by Reliance Retail.

IPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are powered by iOS 10, the biggest release ever of
the world's most advanced mobile operating system. Customers can pre-order
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now and both will be available in Reliance Digital
stores and online at www.jio.com/apple. IPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6,
iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will also be available. For complete details on
pricing and availability, please visit: www.jio.com/apple. For more information
on iPhone, please visit: www.apple.com/in/iphone/.

Source: Reliance Retail

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

Apple to start midnight sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India for first
time

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee & Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 509 words


KOLKATA| NEW DELHI: With record pre-launch orders for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus, Apple will start midnight sales for its devices in India for the first
time, in line with the practice it follows elsewhere.

The phones are to be launched in India on October 17. More than 5,000 of the new
handsets have been reserved at Apple stores, multi-brand retail chains and
e-commerce sites in the last two days, according to three senior trade
executives. Sales to those who have booked the phones will start midnight at The
MobileStore, UniverCell, Planet M Retail and Sangeetha Mobiles outlets besides
Apple stores.

"The craze about iPhones is for the first time felt in India like in the West,"
said Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO, The Mobile Store. "The exclusivity to own the
first lot of iPhones before others is huge, much like when a Salman Khan movie
releases or how consumers used to rush at midnight to buy the first lot of Harry
Potter books."

Videocon-owned PlanetM Retail's chief executive Sanjay Karwa said the midnight
launch will ensure traditional offline retailers have the advantage over online
retail, which is creating market disruptions. "Midnight launch is a new concept
in India and Apple's move will ensure brick-and-mortar customers receive the
handset first.

We will keep a few of our stores open past midnight to fulfill all orders, since
getting permission for that is also a hassle," Karwa said. Trade sources said
Infibeam, Apple's sole authorised online seller for iPhones in India, has
clocked the highest number of bookings - in excess of 2,000 - with big demand
from companies and smaller towns.

The maximum orders are for the 128 GB iPhone 6 priced at Rs 71,500. Infibeam.com
co-founder Neeru Sharma declined to confirm the numbers, but said there had been
unprecedented demand for the new iPhones and that it will try and ensure
deliveries in metro cities and towns on October 17 itself. Last year, Apple's
iPhone 5s had around 2,000 bookings in India, where the concept of pre-order is
still new.

Rival Samsung took pre-launch orders for its Galaxy S4 and S5, with those for
the S5 at about 2,500, according to trade sources. An email sent to Apple did
not elicit any responses as of the press time. Apple has assured retailers that
it will ensure sufficient inventory for all pre-ordered units on the launch day.

The concern that there could be a shortage due to strong demand in the West
remains. Also, the launch date of the new iPhones in India coincides with that
in China, a far bigger market for smartphones and Apple. Only 29% of more than
900 million mobile phone subscribers in India have smartphones, while in China
the user base is around 500 million.

Infibeam's chief executiveofficer Vishal Mehta said there could be a
demand-and-supply-gap for the new iPhones due to a high demand. The 4.7-inch
iPhone 6 starts at Rs 53,500 while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus starts at Rs
62,500. Globally, Apple sold a record 10 million units in three days after the
launch on September 19 in 10 markets.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Five years after Apple co-founder Steve Job's death, here's a look at the key
innovations in the iPhone;
Much had been said about how Apple will fare after the death of co-founder and
CEO Steve Jobs. With the new iPhone speculated to be announced on September 7,
Apple's current CEO Tim Cook seems to have fared well in the post-Jobs era, even
though failin...

BYLINE: Sumit Chakraborty

LENGTH: 704  words


Much had been said about how Apple will fare after the death of co-founder and
CEO Steve Jobs. With the new iPhone speculated to be announced on September 7,
Apple's current CEO Tim Cook seems to have fared well in the post-Jobs era, even
though failing on some accounts. Steve Jobs as a CEO was known to be a notorious
perfectionist. Five years ago on August 2011, Jobs, owing to his ill health,
reluctantly stepped down as the CEO and handed over the reins to then COO Tim
Cook.

At the time when Jobs died, Apple was worth $ 350 billion and now it is well
past the half a trillion dollar mark. When it comes to iPhones, it can be said
Steve Jobs took bigger risks to introduce a single new product packed with
innovations, Cook has focussed on building on earlier success. Jobs idea was to
build vertically while Cook's has been horizontal. When Cook took over the reins
after Jobs' death, Apple had produced a single iPhone and one iPad. There were
varieties only in the iPod and some in the laptops and desktops. But when it
came to iPhone, Cook started with the iPhone 5C has and offered consumers a
wider range of iPhone choices. Apple has sent out media invites for an event
scheduled on September 7, 2016, where it will likely announce the iPhone 7 and
7S with better camera functionality and better hardware while the design will
probably be the same as iPhone 6 and 6S.

Currently, there are three models Apple has on offer - iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and
SE, before the speculated announcement next month. The range is not just on the
iPhone but also on the iPad there are four variants in different sizes which
range in different sizes - iPad Pro 12.9, iPad Mini 2 and others. When it comes
to the innovations in the operating system department, Cook has taken measures
to innovate development kits from all sources possible, which was not the case
in the Jobs era. The development kits range from photos, maps, Cloud among many.
Steve Jobs treated program codes of the company very discreetly and secretly.
Cook, in turn, has given access to Apple ecosystem to developers so that they
can build for them. There is no block in the iOS ecosystem. When Cook launched
the iPhone 5 it was an impressive update with a faster processor, a larger and
brighter display and LTE networking support. It was much thinner than the
earlier versions.

When Cook launched the iPhone 6, it was a large phone. It was much larger than
Steve Job's 'perfect size' of 3.5 inches. The biggest misfire that happened,
which broke the iPhone 6 was the iOS 8.0.1 update. It was especially disastrous
because it broke the image of an iPhone of 'it just works'. Then Siri which was
one of a kind concept got overtaken by Microsoft's Cortana and Google Now. Apple
infamously made mistakes with iOS 6's built-in Maps feature, for which Tim Cook
had to publish a public apology letter. The only place where the iPhone lacked
was that with the advancement of other tech companies, it missed out on a good
story describing why the phone better than its earlier version or any other
smartphone in the market. While the iPhone 4 had Retina Display, with which it
improved upon the display resolution, the 4S had Siri the voice activated
assistant. Both of these attracted worldwide attention and captured the
imagination of consumers.

The new iPhones didn't have a comparable sales pitch and it is not surprising
after Job's death. The biggest strength in the previous versions was that Jobs
understood the fact that people did not really understand specifications but
would rather know what they can do with the hardware. His products were
dramatically more useful, as he gave great terms for the products even if there
weren't many. But Tim Cook, on the other hand, has packed powerful hardware with
lower prices, as seen with the iPhone 5 and iPhone 6. But he doesn't have a
story to tell. Apple has smart engineers, so like the previous versions, it can
be expected that iPhone 7 will also prove to be a good product and will be
bought by Apple lovers. It remains to be seen if even with the profits, will
Apple turn out to be like any other tech company or will it provide more vision
to its products rather than just introducing cheaper and faster hardware.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                    September 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

New iPhone for $5 per month under T-Mobile iPhone 6s Deals

BYLINE: Valerie Rogers

LENGTH: 247  words


T-Mobile has made an announcement that it is going to take a new initiative to
sell Apple's latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus smartphones for just $5 per month in
case customers trade in eligible late-model smartphones.

Previously in September, T-Mobile declared a special $20 per month rate for a
year and 6 months for a 16GB iPhone 6s via the Jump On Demand program of the
company, with zero down.

But, now T-Mobile is about to bring down its prices even more, with a rate of $5
a month if a customer trades in a working and intact Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus,
Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+, Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5
smartphone. For the deal no down payment is needed.

As a part of the new promotion, in case customers trade in an iPhone 5s or a
Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone on a 16GB iPhone 6s, they will
have to pay $10 per month for 18 months. If customers trade in almost any other
mobile set, the rate will be $15 per month.

Besides this, T-Mobile customers can also get larger capacity iPhone 6s and
iPhone 6s Plus models under the lower-priced Jump On Demand offerings.

A 128GB iPhone 6s will be sold for $199.99 down and $3 per month along with a
trade-in of an Apple iPhone 6 or 6 Plus, Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+,
Galaxy S6 Edge or a Galaxy Note 5 smartphone. It can be done for $8 per month
with the trade of an iPhone 5s or a Samsung Note 4 or Samsung Galaxy S5
smartphone. The rate would be $13 a month on the trade of almost any other
phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Always wait before updating software

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 456 words


By Norm Morin

Have you been waiting for a new Apple iPhone or just a software update?

Shortly after the new iPhone software release, 8.0, was available to the public,
Apple released a software update, 8.01. But the update was quickly recalled. The
update caused iPhones to disconnect. The iPhone became an unPhone!

New software for older iPhones and a new iPhone were the big news last week. A
lot of people were disappointed to discover their iPhones had no cell service if
they updated to the latest and greatest release of software. Many times a new
and improved software release that was intended to fix a particular problem
breaks something else. This was the case with release 8.01. It is usually a good
idea to wait a while before loading a new software release on your iPhone. Let
someone else be a guinea pig.

Quality control is a major consideration when developing a product. QC is not a
glamorous job, but it is a very necessary function that gets overlooked. It is a
dirty job, but someone has to do it. When testing new software, it seems that
there are an infinite number of combinations to verify. There may have been more
attention paid to the changes to resolve problems than overall verification of
the new software.

New iPhone users were also shocked by news of bent iPhones. The two new iPhone
models are bigger than the older models. It is more difficult to shove an iPhone
in tight pants. The larger iPhone is subject to more stress than a smaller phone
that floats in a pocket.

Apple installs stickers in iPhones to indicate if the phone has been subject to
moisture. Will apple install bend indicators in iPhones? It might seem humorous
but an iPhone that has been stressed by being flexed could have less resale
value.

The current trend of cell phones: bigger is better. Apple resisted the trend for
a little while, but this new iPhone has followed the crowd. The iPhone 6 is
bigger than the older, standard iPhone and the iPhone 6-plus is even bigger than
the iPhone 6.

Using a larger cell phone requires more attention and most likely two hands. It
is very difficult to type one-handed with a larger phone. Using a cell phone
while driving is not an easy task. A larger phone makes a difficult task even
more difficult. Will the larger cell phones be the cause of more traffic
accidents?

It is nice to have one device that does it all but it might make sense to have a
smaller phone. If someone occasionally needs a larger screen on their portable
computing device, an iPod might fit the bill. Does a smart phone satisfy all of
your portable computing needs?

Norm Morin is founder of NKC Systems, a computer repair and consulting firm.
Call 978-453-1355; visit 155 Broadway Road, Dracut; or email
techside@nkcsystems.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Early birds get juiciest profits flipping iPhone 6;
'Smart cookies' make tidy sums selling pre-booked devices to diehard fans

BYLINE: Chang May Choon

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 457 words


IN JUST 30 minutes, finance manager Sky Hui made a cool profit of $4,000 from
buying and re-selling three new iPhones.

As iPhone 6 frenzy hit Singapore and elsewhere over the weekend, some people
have been looking for ways to make a quick buck by flipping Apple's latest smart
devices - the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

It is not hard to find someone willing to pay extra cash for your phone, if you
browse forums like HardwareZone, or visit handphone shop websites like Mobile
Square and Sg Mobile.

Mr Hui, 30, had pre-booked three 128GB iPhone 6 Plus devices with SingTel. He
then contacted 40 buyers he found on HardwareZone and met one at Raffles City,
about 30 minutes after collecting his phones from SingTel's launch event at
Marina Bay Sands last Friday.

He had renewed three contracts for himself and his parents to pay $746 for each
phone. He then sold them at $2,200 each to the buyer, making a total profit of
$4,362. The iPhone 6 Plus costs $1,448 without a contract.

"The buyer was a 22-year-old guy. I passed him the phones and he took out a
bundle of $1,000 notes, counted six and passed them to me. That was shocking!"
said Mr Hui.

With the extra cash, he bought a 128GB iPhone 6 for $1,288, for his own use. He
had pre-booked it at an Apple retail store.

Those late to the game ended up making less.

Yesterday, there were also more active sellers than buyers on HardwareZone's
mobile phone bazaar forum.

Legal practitioner Kelvin Ho, 36, sold his new 16GB iPhone 6 at Mobile Square
for $1,030 yesterday. If he had done it last Friday, he could have got $1,200,
according to Sg Mobile's website.

Two shops that buy and re-sell iPhones said demand for Apple's latest smart
devices this time has been lower than in previous years.

WhyMobile's retail sales manager Samuel Chan said: "There are more people
selling, but fewer buying. Last year we had people from China coming to buy 50
sets at one go, but none this year."

However, retail stores here had queues of tourists waiting to buy the phones.
Apple yesterday said global sales of its newest iPhones came to more than 10
million during the launch weekend. Singapore was one of nine markets to get the
phones first.

Both versions are sold out at EpiCentre's nine outlets and Nubox's 13 outlets.

A 35-year-old housewife, who declined to give her name, bought four phones at
WhyMobile in Far East Plaza yesterday.

She said her husband had queued overnight but went home empty handed. So she
decided to "just pay more" to get the phones for herself and her family. She
paid $1,550 for each 128GB iPhone 6, which costs $1,288.

"I cannot wait anymore, that's why I came here. We've compared prices and the
price here is the best," she said.

changmc@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                        June 20, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple ordered to stop iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus sales in China

BYLINE: Brenda McGregor

LENGTH: 234  words


According to recent reports, a ruling by a Beijing intellectual property board
has banned the sales of US tech giant Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets in China.

The Beijing intellectual property board's injunction prohibiting the sales of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models in China was made public last week. The
injunction -- which has been suspended pending an appeal -- was based on Apple's
alleged infringement of exterior-design patents of a company called Shenzhen
Baili.

The legal scuffle between Apple and Shenzhen Baili -- which does not have an
official website; and is probably another name for smartphone startup Digione --
started last year. The tussle was rooted in Apple's failure to rescind a patent
which was granted to Shenzhen Baili by Chinese regulators for the exterior
design of its 100C handset, which looks somewhat like the iPhone 6.

The ruling by the Beijing intellectual property board is in accordance with
Chinese patent and trademark laws which tend to put multinational companies at a
disadvantage, by giving Chinese firms the ability to register trademarks and
technologies which are already being used in other countries.

Since the ruling by the Beijing intellectual property board - banning iPhone 6
and iPhone 6Plus sales in China - marks a setback for Apple in China, a Patently
Apple report has revealed that the tech biggie has filed a lawsuit to appeal the
ruling.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2016 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

[Newsmaker] New iPhones set to hit Korean shelves

LENGTH: 467 words


The worldwide craze over the new iPhones will hit the South Korean market on
Friday when the iPhone 6 and its variant the 6 Plus go on sale here.

This time, the so-called iPhone effect will have a more significant impact on
the Korean smartphone market than ever, according to industry watchers.

The first round of preorders was filled last Friday by the mobile carriers SK
Telecom, KT and LG Uplus in less than 30 minutes.

It is estimated that the total number of preorders will reach at least 80,000
units â[#x20ac]o 50,000 via KT and 20,000 via LGUplus with the rest through SK
Telecom â[#x20ac]o surpassing the 30,000 units of Samsung Electronics' flagship
Galaxy Note 4 preordered here.

A customer tries to decide between an iPhone 6 Plus (left) and iPhone 6 during
the sales launch at the Apple Inc. store in New York on Sept. 19. (Bloomberg)

Though the battle has just begun, the latest figures are especially meaningful
for Apple since the California-based firm has thrashed Samsung on its home turf.

Apple currently accounts for less than 6 percent of the market share here, while
the Korean smartphone manufacturer boasts a 63 percent market share, according
to market researcher Counter Point Research.

Some market analysts predicted that Apple could secure a record-high market
share in Korea thanks to the 4.7-inch iPhone and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus.

Pressured by the U.S. tech giant, Samsung recently reduced the prices of some of
its smartphones, including the Galaxy S4 LTE-A, while LG cut the prices of its
mid-range G3 Beat and G3A.

Samsung, which released the Galaxy Note 4 on Sept. 26 in Korea weeks before the
launch of the iPhones, also started selling the flagship smartphone Galaxy Note
Edge, featuring a curved display on the right-hand side of the device, from
Tuesday.

"There are not many options for Samsung and LG to counter the iPhone 6 and
low-budget Chinese smartphones except for cutting the prices of their products,"
Kim Young-chan, an analyst from Shinhan Investment wrote in a report.

He predicted that the iPhones will outsell the Galaxy Note 4 by tenfold, with 80
million units shipped worldwide in the October-December period.

Other market watchers also are expressing doubts about the performance of Korean
tech giants.

"It seems inevitable for Samsung and LG to be affected by Apple's new devices,
which show off better integration between hardware and software and user
experience than those of the local firms," said an industry official who
declined to be named.

When the new Apple devices arrive in Seoul, the front pages of local newspapers
and online news sites will be once again be plastered with pictures of customers
lining up â[#x20ac]o with some even camping out â[#x20ac]o in front of Apple
shops and other retailers to get their hands on the devices.

By Kim Young-won (wone0102@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                              June 28, 2015 Sunday

Samsung challenges Toshiba for iPhone chips

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 559 words


Samsung Electronics is challenging Toshiba to supply of flash memory chips for
Apple's next iPhones - tentatively named the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6 Plus - as
Apple moves to increase the storage capacity of its flagship products.

"As Apple plans to increase its shipments of the mid-range iPhone models with
larger capacities amid growing consumer demand for data-intensive features,
including cloud services, Samsung Electronics is in talks to sell more of its
flash chips for the next models," a source close to the deal told The Korea
Times, Sunday.

He said no agreement had yet been made because negotiations over pricing and
guaranteed shipments were still underway.

In digital devices, NAND flash memory chips are considered critical as they have
been used to reduce the cost per bit and boost maximum chip capacity so as to
compete with magnetic storage devices. This chip also is suitable for
mass-storage devices.

Apple is expected to release two new iPhone versions in September.

Samsung's chip factory in Xian, China, is testing the stability and durability
of its latest NAND chips before initial shipment, another source said.

"Samsung intends to increase the sale of 64-gigabyte (GB) NAND chips as Apple,
which has three storage models - 16GB, 64GB and 128GB - is impressed with the
healthy sales of its iPhones with 64GB storage capacity in its target markets
such as China and Europe," the source said.

Samsung's move comes as its semiconductor business is on a bullish track in
terms of profit increases in DRAM and NAND memory chips. Samsung is doing well
in DRAMs to help smartphones improve writing and data-processing speeds.

But Samsung's business with Apple in NAND chips has not been strong because
Apple's iPhone 6 model used 64GB NAND chips supplied by Toshiba, SanDisk and SK
hynix, according to a report by Credit Suisse.

SK hynix handled NAND chips with 16GB capacity for the iPhone 6, while Toshiba
of Japan supplied the Apple device with the largest capacity, 128GB.

The main reason Samsung lost Apple in NAND chips for the iPhone 6 was over
price.

"For the current iPhone 6 models, Toshiba, SK hynix and SanDisk are the top
three suppliers, with the portion of 50 percent, 30 percent and 20 percent. But
Samsung is trying to get a share," the source said.

Samsung expects, given the choice between the larger screen iPhone or a 64GB
iPhone, the suggested retail price would have minor differences, meaning the
resumption of Samsung's NAND business with Apple "does make sense."

Experts said Apple's strategy was to push iPhone users to its iCloud service
when they needed more storage.

"The belief is more and more as we use iCloud services for documents and our
photos and videos and music, that perhaps the most price-conscious customers are
able to live in an environment where they don't need lots of local storage
because these services are lightening the load," Apple Senior Vice President of
Marketing Phil Schiller said recently in a podcast hosted by Daring Fireball's
John Gruber.

Sean Yang, assistant vice president of DRAMeXchange, a leading tracker of DRAM
and NAND memory markets, said recently: "Supply of NAND flash will exceed demand
throughout the first half of the year. The situation will get better for
manufacturers of memory chips in the second half, when Apple introduces its
next-generation smartphones and tablets."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday
                            All_but_Toronto Edition

BlackBerry sales sagging as Apple's iPhone keeps gaining momentum

BYLINE: Jonathan Ratner, National Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 308 words


BlackBerry Ltd. appears to be having more difficulty selling its smartphones to
end customers, prompting a reduction in both hardware unit and revenue estimates
for 2016 by Canaccord Genuity.

Canaccord's wireless surveys indicate soft smartphone sales for BlackBerry
globally, despite somewhat steadier results for its Classic device. However,
this positive is being offset by weakening Passport and legacy BB10 smartphone
sales and mixed initial results for the new Leap smartphone.

In addition to trimming his second-quarter estimates, Canaccord analyst T.
Michael Walkley noted that since BlackBerry's next-generation smartphone
portfolio is scheduled for release at the end of calendar 2015, he expects more
of fiscal 2016 hardware sales will be driven by the existing portfolio, "which
faces gradually diminishing consumer interest."

Meanwhile, the survey results from the June quarter point to strong iPhone 6 and
6 Plus sales. Apple Inc.'s smartphone remained the top-selling device at all
four of the biggest U.S. wireless carriers and the iPhone's share of overall
sales is estimated to be near 50 per cent.

Since Walkley estimates only 20 per cent of the iPhone installed base had
upgraded to the iPhone 6 by the end of fiscal Q2, the strong replacement cycle
for existing consumers should continue.

"Further, we anticipate continued high-end smartphone market-share gains for the
larger-screen iPhone 6 devices as our surveys indicate a greater mix of Android
smartphone consumers are switching to the iPhone 6 smartphones than during
iPhone 5 series launches," Walkley told clients.

As a result, he thinks the iPhone installed base should climb above 500 million
by the end of this year, thereby fuelling strong future iPhone replacement
sales, earnings and cash flow generation. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network
Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                     September 25, 2015 Friday 10:15 AM GMT

The iPhone 6s goes on sale today! Find out where you can go and buy it from;
Here is everything you need to know about where you can bag yourself a new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus after its release today

BYLINE: By Georgia Morgan

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 197 words


Apple's new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are on sale today and you can get your hands
on one of the new handsets now.

The two new mobile phones are available to buy right now in an Apple store or on
their website.

Both handsets are available on a range of networks including O2, EE, Vodafone,
Three and Virgin Mobile.

What is new about the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus?

The two new handsets will keep the same 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch sizes of the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus phones, but there is a new colour that has
been added to the range called rose gold.

Both the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have better cameras as opposed to the
current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus'.

A feature called Live Photos has been added to the iPhone 6s cameras which is on
by default and lets you record a 1.5 second long video, before and after your
shot. This means if you're taking a picture, the phone will capture the moments
around the shot.

Another great addition is the Retina flash mechanism, where the display of the
Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. This means the new phones light up three times more
than its regular brightness and it considers ambient lighting so that when it's
dark you can still take selfies.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Today's Zaman (Turkey)

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

TODAYSZAMAN.COM - Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in Turkey

LENGTH: 285  words


Apple raises iPhone, MacBook prices in TurkeyApple has raised the prices for its
iPhone, MacBook and iPod products by as high as almost TL 300 ($128) amid the
lira's decline against the dollar and hikes recently introduced on the private
consumption tax (OTV) and stamp tax.According to the Apple Turkey website, an
iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of memory now costs TL 2,499 ($1,043).

Its previous price was TL 2,349 ($1,000). The biggest increase appears to be in
the price of the Apple MacBook Pro: The price for a 13-inch, Retina display
MacBook Pro is now TL 3,799 ($1,618), up from TL 3,499 ($1,490).

The new prices have been in effect since Jan. 1The Turkish lira hit record lows
in mid-December, with its lowest point at 241 to the dollar, due to an emerging
market sell-off and domestic political tensions.

One US dollar is currently trading at 235 against the liraThe new prices for
Apple's products are as follows:16 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,499 ($1,043) ndash up from
TL 2,349 ($1,000)64 GB iPhone 6: TL 2,849 ($1,213) ndash up from TL 2,649
($1,128)128 GB iPhone 6: TL 3,199 ($1,362) ndash up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)16 GB
iPhone 6 Plus: TL 2,849 ($1,213) ndash up from TL 2,649 ($1,128)64 GB iPhone 6
Plus: TL 3,199 ($1,362) ndash up from TL 2,949 ($1,256)128 GB iPhone 6 Plus: TL
3,499 ($1,490) ndashup from TL 3,249 ($1,384)16 GB iPhone 5S: TL 2,049 ($872)
ndash up from TL 1,949 ($830)13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina display: TL 3,799
($1,618) ndash up from TL 3,499 ($1,490)13-inch MacBook Air: TL 2,699 ($1,149)
ndash up from TL 2,499 ($1,043)16 GB iPod: TL 629 ($268) ndash up from TL 579
($246)iPod shuffle: TL 149 ($63.5) ndash up from TL 129 ($55)iPod nano: TL 619
($263.

6) ndash up from TL 549 ($234.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Today's Zaman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 4, 2016 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

The Strategy Involved In Picking A Ripe Apple; IPhones Can Confound; Mobile
device releases come into play while figuring a tech future

BYLINE: RUSS BRITT

SECTION: FUNDS & PERSONAL FINANCE; OFF THE HOOK?; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 561 words


You've fallen behind in what could be the race of your life.

Your never-ending quest to keep up with the rest of humanity is at risk of a
major fail. You might be ostracized for years to come. Your admission into the
cool kids' club could be revoked.

The subject, of course, is your outdated smartphone. Say you have an Apple
iPhone 4 or 5 model, and you feel phone envy, wrought from digital-age peer
pressure.

The iPhone 6 has been around for a while (what were you waiting for, an engraved
invitation?), and the 7 is due in a couple of months.

But word is leaking out that the  iPhone 7 won't be much of an improvement over
the 6. Speculation has it that the iPhone 8 will be the next game changer from
the folks in Cupertino -- or not -- but that may not arrive until late 2018.

There's one consolation. While you're beating yourself up over the fact you're
too lame to visit your local AT&T or Verizon in a timely fashion, you'll be
pleased to know recent incarnations of the smartphone, whether Apple or Android,
haven't improved much.

"The updates to the iPhone have been rather conservative," said Mike Gikas, the
senior electronics editor for mobile technology at Consumer Reports.

You have several choices. And remember, don't let them bamboozle you. The
customer is always right.

First, you can always switch brands. For those of you who have been loyal to
Apple, there's more Androids now than there are of you. IDC says cheaper
Androids now command more than 83% of the global market, vs. slightly more than
15% for Apple. In the U.S., the share is nearly 63% Android to more than 36% for
Apple.

Analysts say the technology strides that both are making are slowing down.
Still, say you want to stick with Apple and are noticing your friend's bigger
screen. The first thing to do is look at the main difference between the iPhone
5 and the iPhone 6. The 6 has a bigger screen, longer battery life, faster speed
and can be waterproof. If that's enough, great.

But don't buy just yet, analysts say. Wait until the iPhone 7 is released, then
watch for discounts on the latest models of the 6, known as the 6 S. The price
should drop about $100 or more, analysts say, and could get as low as $200.

"The price for it will drop significantly," Gikas said. "And it will do 95% of
what you want your phone to do for the next 3-4 years."

Still, there may be parts of the iPhone 7 that will impress you more. While
Apple has kept the features of that model under wraps, speculation says it could
improve home automation, feature a virtual assistant and have other features.

"It's very likely you're going to see a completely new design," said Brad Akyuz,
research director at NPD Group. He later added: "If the iPhone is not much of an
improvement over the 6 S, the market will react negatively."

Now, if you want to wait for what could be the next big thing, an iPhone 8 may
be your ticket to technological paradise. Some company watchers speculate Apple
could release the iPhone 8 in 2017, marking a short life span for the iPhone 7
and "revolutionizing" phones with its next iteration.

Some, though, don't want to speculate on what Apple will produce -- the company
remains tight-lipped on that, says Anthony Scarsella, mobile phone research
manager for tech analysis group IDC.

"No one really knows what Apple's going to do," Scarsella said. "They don't say
until the last minute."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 4, 2016 Monday
                                  EAST EDITION

The Strategy Involved In Picking A Ripe Apple IPhones Can Confound Mobile device
releases come into play while figuring a tech future

BYLINE: RUSS BRITT

SECTION: A; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 561 words


You've fallen behind in what could be the race of your life.

Your never-ending quest to keep up with the rest of humanity is at risk of a
major fail. You might be ostracized for years to come. Your admission into the
cool kids' club could be revoked.

The subject, of course, is your outdated smartphone. Say you have an Apple
iPhone 4 or 5 model, and you feel phone envy, wrought from digital-age peer
pressure.

The iPhone 6 has been around for a while (what were you waiting for, an engraved
invitation?), and the 7 is due in a couple of months.

But word is leaking out that the  iPhone 7 won't be much of an improvement over
the 6. Speculation has it that the iPhone 8 will be the next game changer from
the folks in Cupertino -- or not -- but that may not arrive until late 2018.

There's one consolation. While you're beating yourself up over the fact you're
too lame to visit your local AT&T or Verizon in a timely fashion, you'll be
pleased to know recent incarnations of the smartphone, whether Apple or Android,
haven't improved much.

"The updates to the iPhone have been rather conservative," said Mike Gikas, the
senior electronics editor for mobile technology at Consumer Reports.

You have several choices. And remember, don't let them bamboozle you. The
customer is always right.

First, you can always switch brands. For those of you who have been loyal to
Apple, there's more Androids now than there are of you. IDC says cheaper
Androids now command more than 83% of the global market, vs. slightly more than
15% for Apple. In the U.S., the share is nearly 63% Android to more than 36% for
Apple.

Analysts say the technology strides that both are making are slowing down.
Still, say you want to stick with Apple and are noticing your friend's bigger
screen. The first thing to do is look at the main difference between the iPhone
5 and the iPhone 6. The 6 has a bigger screen, longer battery life, faster speed
and can be waterproof. If that's enough, great.

But don't buy just yet, analysts say. Wait until the iPhone 7 is released, then
watch for discounts on the latest models of the 6, known as the 6 S. The price
should drop about $100 or more, analysts say, and could get as low as $200.

"The price for it will drop significantly," Gikas said. "And it will do 95% of
what you want your phone to do for the next 3-4 years."

Still, there may be parts of the iPhone 7 that will impress you more. While
Apple has kept the features of that model under wraps, speculation says it could
improve home automation, feature a virtual assistant and have other features.

"It's very likely you're going to see a completely new design," said Brad Akyuz,
research director at NPD Group. He later added: "If the iPhone is not much of an
improvement over the 6 S, the market will react negatively."

Now, if you want to wait for what could be the next big thing, an iPhone 8 may
be your ticket to technological paradise. Some company watchers speculate Apple
could release the iPhone 8 in 2017, marking a short life span for the iPhone 7
and "revolutionizing" phones with its next iteration.

Some, though, don't want to speculate on what Apple will produce -- the company
remains tight-lipped on that, says Anthony Scarsella, mobile phone research
manager for tech analysis group IDC.

"No one really knows what Apple's going to do," Scarsella said. "They don't say
until the last minute."

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malta Independent

                               September 25, 2014

Samsung Alpha big on design, short on tech

LENGTH: 891  words


Apple filled a gaping hole in its product lineup with new iPhones boasting
larger screens like Samsung's flagship Galaxy smartphones. Now, Samsung is
coming out with a smaller phone that looks and feels more like an iPhone.

The new iPhones measure 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches diagonally, up from 4 inches
before. Still, that's smaller than the 5.1 inches on the Galaxy S5 and the 5.7
inches on the Galaxy Note 3 and 4 phones.

But even Samsung is stepping back from its recent practice of releasing
ever-bigger phones. The new Galaxy Alpha matches the 4.7 inches on the iPhone 6
and has a metal frame like the new iPhones, reflecting Samsung's attempt to
mirror Apple's emphasis on design.

Unfortunately, the Alpha falls short in a few ways, including the resolution of
its display. Other shortcomings will become apparent as I go through the various
features.

The Alpha will be available in the U.S. starting Friday through AT&T. It will
cost $200 with a two-year service contract, or $613 without one. The $613 price,
which can be paid in installments, is less than the $650 starting price for the
Galaxy S5 and the iPhone 6. You also get double the storage with the Alpha, but
it's still a high price to pay for technology that isn't top of the line.

___

-- THE BUILD:

The Alpha's metal frame represents a departure from previous Samsung Galaxy
phones, which primarily consisted of polycarbonate plastics.

However, the Alpha still has a plastic back, albeit one that feels smoother and
nicer than what's on the S5. You can swap in a spare battery, but can't add a
memory card.

What struck me most was how the Alpha feels much like last year's iPhone 5s. The
sides are smooth and straight, and the edges are at right angles, like the box
for a deck of cards. The corners, though, are curved.

By contrast, the new iPhones feature curved edges, so they feel thinner, lighter
and less boxy. But the Alpha is actually smaller, thinner and lighter than the
iPhone 6 -- by a tad. Compared with both, the S5 feels giant.

___

-- THE SCREEN:

Size isn't all that matters. The screens on the iPhone 6 and the S5 are both
sharper than the Alpha's. The Alpha's screen is decent for reading text and
viewing images, but it's about the same resolution as what Samsung built into
the Galaxy S III phone back in 2012.

Like other Samsung phones, the Alpha uses a screen technology called AMOLED, for
active-matrix organic light-emitting diodes. This is designed to produce richer
colors than iPhones, but sometimes the technology goes overboard. For instance,
some people complain that AMOLED technology distorts color, so human skin looks
too orange, for instance. There was a hint of that when viewing photos and
video, but not enough to bother me.

___

-- THE CAMERA:

The Alpha's camera is 12 megapixels, less than the 16 megapixels on the S5.
Although the Alpha's megapixel count is still higher than the iPhone's 8
megapixels, Apple has squeezed many other technological touches into iPhones to
deliver consistently good images.

I took dozens of photos with all three phones and found the megapixel count
mattered only in a handful. In good light, street signs and posters on a store
window across the street came out slightly better on both Samsung phones.

However, the iPhone 6 was typically better at getting the focus right,
particularly for low-light and close-up shots. The iPhone 6 quickly captures
text on a bottle of contact lens solution, while it took a few tries with the
Samsung phones to get the focusing right.

On some evening shots of the New York skyline, I could make out the rectangular
windows of apartment buildings when using the iPhone, thanks to anti-shake
stabilization technology. With both Samsung phones, the lights from the windows
were bleeding into one another.

In my test shots, the iPhone 6 also had better white balance to offset the
yellowish coloring of indoor lighting. That said, the Alpha produced the richest
colors in a few of my shots.

___

-- THE REMAINING HARDWARE:

Like the S5, the Alpha has a heart-rate monitor for fitness apps and a
fingerprint sensor to unlock the phone. But the Alpha lacks the S5's waterproof
coverings. The new iPhones have only the fingerprint sensor. The Alpha and the
iPhone 6 have comparable battery life in my tests.

The Alpha's storage stands out. It offers 32 gigabytes for about the same price
as a 16-gigabyte phone from most rivals. With the new iPhones, Apple has doubled
the storage in the pricier models, but the base models are still at 16
gigabytes. Most phones cost $100 more for a 32-gigabyte version.

Even with the added storage, the Alpha just seems too expensive for what you
get. Given that memory costs have been coming down, more storage ought to be as
routine as faster processors in each generation of phones.

The Alpha's design is impressive, but the rest of the phone is only adequate.
HTC and Apple, for instance, have both been able to produce stunning designs
while squeezing in the latest technologies.

Apple has made design central to its iPhones since its first model in 2007.
Samsung seems to embracing the importance of design with the Alpha. Along the
same lines, the upcoming Galaxy Note 4 phone will have a similar metal frame as
Samsung attempts to ratchet up its rivalry with Apple. With better hardware,
that phone will have a better chance than the Alpha at challenging the new
iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1594


                    Copyright 2014 Standard Publications Ltd
               Provided by Syndigate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Daily Report: New iPhones' Strongest Feature Is iOS 8 Operating System

BYLINE: The New York Times

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 174 words



HIGHLIGHT: The slim new iPhones aren&#8217;t a slam dunk, but they work well, as
users have come to expect from Apple products.


The new Apple iPhones going on sale this week, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6
Plus, have crisper screens, faster processors and sharper cameras, Molly Wood
reports.

And, as you might have heard, they are also bigger than previous iPhones - the 6
Plus by a long shot - joining the stampede toward bigger handsets.

But after almost a week of trying the phones, it became clear that the hardware
was not the best part of the package. In its quest to deliver bigger phones to a
market clamoring for them, Apple has made one phone that is actually a little
too small and one that's a little too big. (Apple lent The New York Times an
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus under the condition that a review would be not be
published before Tuesday at 9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time.)

The best part of the new phones is actually the new software inside, which is
available for some older models, too, starting on Wednesday. The software, iOS
8, combines some of the advanced features of Android with Apple's ease of use
and reliability. Read more »

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Gadgets that hogged the headlines

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 31 -- The year 2014 proved to be a good year for gadget
enthusiasts as the year saw launch of number of high-end smart devices in the
country. Local dealers focused on bringing latest and high-tech mobile phones in
the market by the leading brands. It not only helped the customers get the best
of the gadgets world but also help expand the country's mobile phones market.
Given below are some of the marquee phones launched in 2014:

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

The year 2014 was a notable year for domestic mobile phones industry as Apple
formally entered into the Nepali market by appointing Generation Next
Communications as its dealer for Nepal. Apple launched its latest smartphones --
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -- in the Nepali market in the third week of
December. Prices of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus start from Rs 83,999 and Rs
94,499, respectively. Entry iPhone is expected to give a tough competition to
Samsung which dominates high-end segment in the domestic mobile phone market.

Samsung Galaxy S5 and Note 4

Integrated Mobility Solution (IMS), the authorized distributor of Samsung mobile
phones in Nepal, launched its two flagship phones -- Galaxy S5 and Galaxy Note 4
-- in 2014. Priced at Rs 76,000, the Galaxy S5 features 5.1-inch display and
runs on 2.5 GHz quad core processor. Similarly, IMS launched Galaxy Note 4 in
the third week of October priced at Rs 85,900. The phablet uses 5.7-inch Quad HD
Super AMOLED screen. It has 16MP Smart OIS camera and 3.7 MP front-facing F1.9
lens camera with wide selfie mode.

Sony Xperia Z3

Nepa Hima Trade Link launched Sony's flagship phone -- Xperia Z3 -- in the
Nepali market in the last week of November. The phone features Qualcomm
Snapdragon 2.5GHz quad-core processor, Android KitKat 4.4.4 OS, and 5.2-inch
Full-HD IPS LCD captive touch screen. The phone is available at Rs 75,000.

Gionee Elife S5.1

Billed the slimmest phone in the world, Gionee Elife S5.1 was launched in Nepal
in the third week of December. Priced at Rs 29,995, the phone came into
limelight due to its affordability and slimness. According to the company, the
phone comes with narrow (1.8 mm) bezel and weighs only 97 gram.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      The Observer (Gladstone, Queensland)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone addicts ecstatic;
New releases Apple fans queue up for its latest mobile offerings

BYLINE:  KIRSTEN CUNNINGHAM

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 220  words


HOLY iPhone Batman!

Yes. Even Batman was at the launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus yesterday.

At 8am employees in fancy dress at Telstra's Stockland Gladstone store greeted
about 15 customers who queued outside.

"I've been using a borrowed phone for a few months waiting for the new iPhone to
be released," said Lauren Padmos.

Mrs Padmos, who was with her two young sons, signed up for a new $70 plan with a
16GB silver iPhone 6.

"My new plan is similar to my old one.

"I don't need the extra memory because I don't store photos on it," she said.

Self-professed Apple addict Zac Fraser was served by Batman.

He wanted a 128GB iPhone 6 Plus but was told he'd have to wait until the second
delivery later in the day.

"I'm so excited. I'm a massive fan of Apple products and this is an extension of
it," he said.

"I time my phone plans so they run out when a new iPhone is released," Mr Fraser
said.

At Optus' Stockland Gladstone store Shaylah Alexander was waiting for a silver
128GB iPhone 6.

"I don't think my old plan has run out yet. But I don't mind," she said.

Matthew Dodds was hoping to get an iPhone 6 Plus but Optus manager Sian Marsh
said they wouldn't be available for three weeks.

Mr Dodds isn't too worried.

"My old phone works just fine.

"I'll get one online later," he said.

Kirsten.cunningham

@gladstoneobserver.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OGO


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Techtree.com

                     November 3, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6 Gets A Price Cut; Now It Costs Just INR 33,990

BYLINE: Phalgunn Maharishi

LENGTH: 250  words


Users can also avail up to INR 22,000 off on exchange program, along with INR
3,000 cashback offer for Citi Credit Card holders.

In just over a few weeks since the launch of the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus
in India, Flipkart is now offering a pretty interesting discount on the price
tag of Apple iPhone 6. Users can now purchase an iPhone 6 at a price of INR
33,990 instead of the INR 36,990 price tag, thereby giving a discount of INR
3,000 to the new buyers.

Adding further, the e-commerce portal has also offered upto INR 22,000 off on
exchange, and additionally, customers can avail a discount of 5 per cent by
using an Axis Bank Buzz Credit Cards. Also, Citi Credit card holders can get INR
3,000 cash back.

To refresh your minds, Apple had slashed the price tags of iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus for upto INR 22,000 last month. This means that the iPhone 6s (128 GB
variant) is now available for INR 60,000 instead of the previous INR 82,000
price tag.

Along with this, iPhone SE (64 GB variant) has also received a price slash of
INR 5,000 giving it a price tag of INR 44,000 instead of the previous INR
49,000.

Speaking about the iPhone 6 specifications, you get an 8 MP primary camera with
LED flash, and 1.2 MP front facing camera, along with a fingerprint sensor, 4G
LTE connectivity support, 1 GB RAM, and 16 GB of internal storage. As far as
display is concerned, the iPhone 6 comes with a 4.7 inch Retina HD LE backlit
touchscreen while being powered by a quad core Apple A8 mobile chipset.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Techtree.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Gadget fans flock to store as latest iPhone hits the shelves

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 474 words


MOBILE phone shops across Gloucestershire have reported record customer numbers
as the long-awaited iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus hit the shelves on Friday.

While iPhone mania may not have hit the county as hard as other parts of the UK,
where people have been camping outside for days to get their hands on the latest
tech giant Apple has to offer, it certainly has proved just as popular as its
predecessors.

"There's buzz since opened at morning and witnessing demand for devices" A
spokesman for mobile company Virgin said it had sold a large amount of both
headsets by noon at its Gloucester store on King's Walk. "We have seen quite a
lot of trade for the iPhone today," he said. "The iPhone plus has proved more
popular at the moment because it is a cross between the iPad and an iPhone. "We
have all had a look at it and customers have been trying it out at our live
model and are really impressed." Senior account director for 3, Pippa Ellis,
said the reaction to the phone had been "fantastic" at its store on Cheltenham
High Street. "There's been a real buzz since the doors opened at 8am Friday
morning and we're witnessing huge demand for the new devices, which is great,"
she said.

"Customers have been able to test-drive the new iPhones in store."

Apple officially announced the eighth generation of iPhone at a special event in
Cupertino, California, alongside its new smart watch. The smartphone is proving
popular despite its £539 price tag for its smallest model with 16GB memory.

While the hi-tech handsets may have led the mobile market in recent years, Apple
will face a fight to keep hold of the highly lucrative market with competitors
HTC, Samsung and Sony all bringing advanced models to the table.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones, they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday. Around 30 or so set
up camp outside the store the day before the release, with tents, tables and
chairs and even bottles of wine. On Monday, Apple announced a record number of
first day pre-orders of the two handsets, with more than four million in the
first 24 hours.

a real the doors 8am Friday we're huge the new PIPPA ELLIS The iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries, including the UK, the US, Australia
and Singapore, and a further 20 by next week.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7-inch screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple
has ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5inches. The phone is available in space
grey, silver or gold and boasts a 1,334 by 750 resolution screen, an eight
megapixel camera and the latest Apple interface processor, the iOS8.

"There's been a real buzz since the doors opened at 8am Friday morning and we're
witnessing huge demand for the new devices" PIPPA ELLIS

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2014 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Boot Up: Google+ optional, iPhone benchmarked, Phones4U by an insider

BYLINE: Charles Arthurtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1471 words

ABSTRACT

Charles Arthur: Plus FBI investigating threats against Sarkeesian, Samsung v LG,
motherboard shipments under stress, and more

FULL TEXT

A barrel of 10 links for you to chew over, as picked by the Technology team

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus: preliminary results && AnandTech

While we're still working on the full review, I want to get out some preliminary
results for the iPhone 6. For now, this means some basic performance data and
battery life, which include browser benchmarks, game-type benchmarks, and our
standard web browsing battery life test. There's definitely a lot more to talk
about for this phone, but this should give an idea of what to expect in the full
review. To start, we'll look at the browser benchmarks, which can serve as a
relatively useful proxy for CPU performance.

If you like benchmarks, here are some.

Mandatory Google+ Gmail integration quietly shelved && WordStream

Rumours of the decoupling of Google+ and Gmail first surfaced in the spring.
Google, unsurprisingly, hasn't exactly gone out of its way to shout about the
change from the rooftops, instead choosing to quietly shelve the mandatory
integration which had previously been in place since 2012. Although the change
means that new Gmail users will no longer be forced to sign up for Google+,
they'll still have the option to do so, as you can see in the image above.

Conscious uncoupling?

Apple iPhone 6 Plus second impressions && SuperSite for Windows

Paul Thurrott:

Regarding the camera, I went to Twitter yesterday and foolishly announced that
"it's easily and readily apparent that the iPhone 6 Plus camera is no match for
the Lumia 1020, 1520 or Icon/930." I'd like to clarify that statement now. I was
referring to overall camera quality there: With their superior 41 megapixel
(Lumia 1020) and 20 megapixel (Lumia 1520, Icon/930) cameras, Microsoft's
high-end Lumia handsets can produce better photos than can the iPhone 6. But
camera quality isn't just about picture quality. And the iPhone 6 Plus's camera
in particular can take excellent photos while offering a number of advantages
over the high-end Lumias. In fact, it's pretty clear that the iPhone 6 Plus is
the better overall choice for most people.

iOS app devs warn customers off iOS 8's iCloud Drive && Computerworld

Gregg Keizer:

Essentially, iCloud Drive is Apple's response to Dropbox and other services,
which show the cloud-based storage and its files in an OS's file manager.

When users upgrade to iOS 8 today and after, they'll be offered to update
iCloud's current storage structure to iCloud Drive. (Anyone who has tried OS X
Yosemite, either the developer previews or the public beta, has seen the same
message.) Several iOS app developers told their customers not to take Apple up
on the iCloud Drive offer, as doing so will make it impossible to synchronize
with their apps on devices not running iOS 8, or with Macs running OS X
Mavericks or earlier.

Mavericks is the current latest production version of OS X.

"When you upgrade to iOS 8, you need to ensure that you choose the right iCloud
Drive option to ensure that Clear for iOS continues to sync with Clear for Mac,"
said Realmac, the maker of the to-do app Clear, in a blog post today. "If you
upgrade to iCloud Drive, you will only be able to sync with devices running iOS
8 or OS X Yosemite."

If iCloud Drive isn't backported to Mavericks, it's going to cause problems.

The reasons why the networks abandoned Phones4u && Matt Aguilera

My experience and from others I have spoken to is that the service by Phones4u
was abysmal. Having worked at a Phones4u call centre briefly. I can only confirm
what I saw to be completely broken. If you weren't buying a new contract today,
you would be fobbed off and quickly too. You know you have a broken, strange
culture when a sitcom [Phone Shop] can be made about your industry and be
cringe-inducingly accurate. Some people who have walked into a Phones4u store
will have experienced something out of Phone Shop at some point. The aggressive
sales tactics and selfish agenda gave Phones4u the reputation of being a place
to avoid. Rightly so. The networks had now got their own slick sales processes
in place and knew what tricks they were up against. The public knew it too and
joined in with the in-jokes of Phone Shop. Getting locked into high-tariff
contracts and being offered insurance that you can cancel in 3 months (so the
salesman got their commission). It all happened.

FBI investigating death threats against Feminist Frequency creator Sarkeesian &&
Polygon

The FBI is investigating death threats and online abuse that Feminist
Frequency's Tropes vs Women in Games creator Anita Sarkeesian says drove her out
of her home last month, a San Francisco police spokesperson confirmed to
Polygon. San Francisco police public information officer Albie Esparza told
Polygon that Sarkeesian had filed a report with the police department about the
threats she received online and that the police department handed the
information to the FBI for investigation. Esparza declined to release any other
details, saying that doing so could compromise the investigation or the safety
of the victim. He also noted that the FBI is the primary agency handling the
case. An FBI spokesman told Polygon that the bureau's policy is to neither
confirm nor deny any investigation they may be conducting.

Other parts of the story suggest the FBI is taking a lot of notice of what's
going on.

Samsung, LG's conflict deepens && Korea Times

A conflict between Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics is escalating. The row
was triggered last week by alleged vandalism by LG executives on Samsung's
washers during an industry fair in Berlin, Germany earlier this month. In a new
twist, the prosecution said it is investigating allegations that former LG
executives pocketed Samsung's confidential air-conditioner business plan related
to a government-run project.

It's like something out of a film. Possibly the film that comes on before the
film you actually paid to watch.

Commercial replacement demand upholding global PC shipments in 2014, says MIC &&
Digitimes

Shipment volume of global PC systems - comprising of notebooks and desktops - is
forecast to reach around 299m units in 2014, down 0.1% on year, according to
Market Intelligence & Consulting (MIC). The global PC industry has been
bolstered mainly by the PC replacement demand in the commercial market in 2014.
Looking at the performance by sector, with the majority of desktop PCs shipped
being commercial ones, desktops have played a significant role to bolster global
PC shipments in 2014. Global desktop shipment volume is estimated at 130m units
in 2014, up 3.1% on year. Though continuing eroded by tablets, the notebook
industry has seen its shipment decline slowly in 2014. The notebook shipment
volume is anticipated to top around 168m units, down 2.5% on year. Notebooks'
share of total PC products is expected to slip to 56.2% in 2014, down from 57.6%
in 2013.

Asustek, Gigabyte unlikely to achieve motherboard shipment goals for 3Q14 &&
Digitimes

Neither Asustek Computer nor Gigabyte Technology is likely to be able to achieve
their 5.8m motherboard shipment targets for the third quarter, as demand in
China remains weak and the retail channel's orders ahead of China's National Day
holidays have been also worse than those of previous years, according market
sources. Asustek and Gigabyte are expected to ship around 5.6m motherboards each
in the third quarter, the sources said.

Now the PC squeeze is hitting the replacement/self-build business too.

Exclusive: U2 and Apple have another surprise for you && TIME

As an article in the new issue of TIME reveals, Bono, Edge, Adam Clayton and
Larry Mullen Jr believe so strongly that artists should be compensated for their
work that they have embarked on a secret project with Apple to try to make that
happen, no easy task when free-to-access music is everywhere (no) thanks to
piracy and legitimate websites such as YouTube. Bono tells TIME he hopes that a
new digital music format in the works will prove so irresistibly exciting to
music fans that it will tempt them again into buying music--whole albums as well
as individual tracks. The point isn't just to help U2 but less well known
artists and others in the industry who can't make money, as U2 does, from live
performance. "Songwriters aren't touring people," says Bono. "Cole Porter
wouldn't have sold T-shirts. Cole Porter wasn't coming to a stadium near you."

The point about songwriters is valid (and generally overlooked by those who say
"play live gigs!" is the answer), but a new music format? DRM on music keeps
failing because people like sharing music. (The article also contains U2's
reactions to the social media reaction to their album release.)

You can follow Guardian Technology's linkbucket on Pinboard.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                       May 12, 2015 Tuesday 11:39 AM EST

iPhone 6s to feature 2GB of RAM, Force Touch, sturdier aluminum frame and much
more

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 681  words


Click for image

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus incorporated what were arguably the most significant
upgrades Apple's smartphone had ever seen. In addition to much larger screens,
the iPhone 6 models also introduced to Apple Pay, Cupertino's take on mobile
payments.

Not surprisingly, iPhone 6 sales have been record-setting, which of course leads
one to wonder what Apple has planned in order keep its iPhone sales momentum
going strong.

Well, thanks to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, we now know a whole lot
more about what type of new features we can expect to see in Apple's next-gen
iPhone models.

One of the more exciting things about Apple's upcoming iPhones, according to
Kuo, and originally relayed by GforGames, is that they will finally come with
2GB of RAM. With more RAM in tow, next-gen iPhones will likely run a bit
smoother, a bit faster, and will be able to handle more intensive apps.

Kuo also reveals that Apple's upcoming iPhone 6s models will be powered by a
next-gen A9 processor. This tidbit shouldn't come as too much of a surprise
given that Apple has continuously enhanced the iPhone's processor each and every
year.

Some other new features to look forward to include a stronger caliber of
aluminum for the device's casing. While it's unclear if this was Apple's plan
all along, some are speculating that Apple is making the iPhone frame more
durable due to the overblown controversy that was bendgate. Also on the agenda
is an improved 12 megapixel camera. It's worth noting, though, that camera
quality isn't solely a function of megapixels. To that end, expect to see Apple
really up the ante in terms of photographic performance with some additional
software tweaks.

As if that weren't enough, Kuo also writes that Apple's next-gen iPhone models
will feature Force Touch functionality, similar to what Apple has implemented on
the Apple Watch and the recently released MacBook. It remains to be seen how
Force Touch might be implemented on the iPhone, but it certainly presents some
intriguing use-case scenarios. Intriguingly, Kuo writes that Force Touch may be
positioned as the iPhone's most attractive feature.

Touch ID will reportedly be getting an upgrade as well. Echoing similar reports
from earlier in the year, Kuo relays that Touch ID will be both quicker and more
reliable on account of enhanced Touch ID sensors.

Now, if you remember the run-up to the iPhone 6, you might also remember the
bevy of rumors surrounding sapphire displays. At the time, it was largely
assumed that Apple, thanks to its partnership with GT Advanced Technologies, was
going to release a scratch-proof smartphone with a sapphire display. But as it
turned out, GT Advanced Technologies filed for bankruptcy after failing to meet
some of Apple's stringent testing requirements. Well, sapphire displays may be
back on the agenda for this upcoming release cycle. To that end, Kuo writes that
there may be a limited edition model of the iPhone 6s with a sapphire display.
If this is in fact the case, expect Apple to charge a bit of a premium for it.
Some believe that Apple may gauge the interest in such a device in order to
determine if its entire iPhone lineup should get the sapphire treatment in the
future.

GforGames adds:

More interestingly is that the report claims that if certain yield issues will
be overcome, the 5.5-inch iPhone 6s Plus might come with a sapphire covered
display. Almost all hope for a sapphire display on an iPhone has been lost last
year when Apple's supplier, GT Advanced, went bankrupt. One source that relied
KGI's report says that Apple plans for a Limited iPhone 6s Plus edition with a
sapphire display as opposed to the new material being applied to the whole 6s
Plus line.

And finally, Kuo relays that Apple this September may introduce a new Rose Gold
color option for the iPhone.

All things considered, it looks as if Apple's next-gen iPhone will provide a
compelling upgrade opportunity for existing iPhone owners. While there may not
be an overwhelming "must-have" feature, all of the incremental upgrades, taken
together, are certainly compelling.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 28, 2014 Sunday

Gitex opens without new iPhones on stand

BYLINE: Naushad K Cherrayil Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 513 words


Dubai: Gitex Shopper opened with none of the key retailers having iPhones at
their stands due to the limited quantities supplied to them by the telco
operators.

Retailers ran out of stock within the first one hour of sale at major malls on
Saturday at midnight.

Most of the them -- Jacky's, Jumbo, Virgin Mega Store, iStyle, Emax, Sharaf DG
and Plug Ins -- and the telco operators kept their outlets opened for the Apple
aficionados as some of them [retailers and telcos] had started pre-bookings from
September 18.

An industry source said the telco operators did not allocate enough stocks to
the retailers as they [operators] want customers to buy from them. All the major
retailers apart from iStyle and Virgin Mega Store got around 350 pieces.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, CEO of Emax, said that the quantities were not enough to meet
the strong demand.

He said the next batch is expected within two or three days.

Both the telco operators have confirmed that iPhone sales are ongoing and that
they have enough stocks.

Etisalat offered its contract packages for the buyers with zero down payment but
du has different options.

Du's website says that for a 12-month contract, a customer pays for only six
months -- every other month -- with Smart Plan or Emirati Plan starting at DH250
for a two-year contract.

Under the Smart Plan, users get 2,500 flexible minutes for national or
international calls; 10 GB of data and 300 minutes free to call a preferred
number on any network in the UAE.

Under the Emirati plan, du offers up to 2,000 national minutes, up to 2 GB of
data, up to 1000 SMS every month and Dh1.45/minute for international calls to
190 destinations.

Pre-bookings

The telco operators have priced the iPhone 6 without contract at Dh2,749 for
16GB; Dh3,149 for 64GB; Dh3,549 for 128GB while the iPhone 6 Plus at Dh3,149 for
16GB; Dh3,549 for 64GB and Dh3,949 for 128GB.

Retailers have started pre-bookings again for the device beginning early
Saturday morning.

"All the four stores are completely sold out except for pre-booked customers who
came and collected them," said Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo
Electronics.

He said that Jumbo is assured of getting good quantities in the next consignment
but he does not know how many.

He said the iPhone 6 Plus was limited compared to iPhone 6 and the demand for
iPhone 6 was more than 6 Plus. It may be due to the "bendgate" controversy.

Sean Connor, General Manager of Plug Ins, said that the iPhones vanished within
one hour of sale with many people queuing even after stocks went dry.

"We started pre-bookings again but did not guarantee when the stocks will be
available," he said.

The official Apple Store in the UAE is to start taking orders for the new phones
from Saturday.

The new iPhones come in gold, silver and space grey. On Apple's website, the
iPhone 6 is available for Dh2,599 for the 16GB model, Dh2,999 for the 64GB model
and, for the first time, a new 128GB model for Dh3,399. The prices on Apple's
website for the iPhone 6 Plus are Dh2,999 for the 16GB model, Dh3,399 for the
64GB model and Dh3,799 for the new 128GB model.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Apple introduces bigger iPhone, leaps into wearable tech

BYLINE: By Jeff Gelles; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 673 words


The biggest iPhones ever, with new and improved sensors. A new mobile-payment
system with Apple's pedigree and a promise to protect your financial data. A
camera with a long list of gee-whiz features such as 240-frames-per-second
video. And, coming next year, an Apple Watch that aims to upend the fledgling
market for wearable technology - and that starts at $349 and requires an iPhone
to work.

It's hard to avoid superlatives when talking about a company that lays claim to
creating the most revolutionary consumer product in a generation - the
smartphone - and that boasts a world-leading market value of nearly $600
billion.

Apple execs certainly don't try. I'll leave it to someone else to count, but CEO
Tim Cook used the word amazing a truly amazing number of times Tuesday at the
Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, Calif., a 2,700-seat venue
with historic resonance for Apple. Cofounder Steve Jobs was there in 1984 when
Apple unveiled its pathbreaking personal computer, the Macintosh.

Has Apple announced something as significant with the Apple Watch, the company's
long-anticipated leap into wearables? That seems unlikely, especially as Apple's
phone-linked watch follows its archrival Samsung's. But so does the suspicion
that Apple has finally jumped the shark - an annual refrain from some critics -
by placing a large bet on what looks mostly like a luxury device.

With its piles of cash, Apple has invested heavily in its latest hardware and
software, once again seeking to build on what Cook called "the most loved
smartphone in the world." Some of the results at least qualify as amazing with a
small a. A few highlights:

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Once again, a new iPhone will sell for $199 to
$399, depending on how much memory you buy. But when the 4.7-inch-screen iPhone
6 goes on sale Sept. 19, it won't just dwarf the 4-inch iPhone 5C and 5S. It
will be accompanied by an even larger, 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, for $100 extra at
each step. (In each case, Apple's price is based on a contract subsidy from a
wireless carrier - no-contract prices will likely start about $600.)

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will each come with a new sensor, a barometer, that can
estimate your elevation based on air pressure, and an improved motion sensor
that will work even when the device is asleep, a tweak designed to preserve
battery life for smartphones that increasingly double as health and fitness
monitors.

"It will track how many steps you take, how many stairs you climb, things like
that," said Tim Bajarin, president of San Jose's Creative Strategies Inc. and a
longtime Apple analyst.

Bajarin was wowed by the new phones' larger screens, which Apple made even
thinner to limit the increased weight. The 6 weighs in at 4.55 ounces, just six
-tenths of an ounce more than the 5S.

Bajarin expects the new iPhones to make a splash as soon as pre-sales begin
Friday. "There's a lot of pent-up demand for a larger iPhone," he says.

Apple Pay. Apple is venturing into a crowded field with its new mobile-payment
software, Apple Pay, but it comes with a significant advantage: the iPhone's
built-in fingerprint-sensing technology, which it introduced last year to the
iPhone 5S.

Apple announced few details on Apple Pay, which it said would arrive next month
as an update to its new iOS 8 operating system.

"It's so easy to lose your card or have it compromised," Cook said. Apple Pay
will apparently solve that problem by withholding financial details, sending
merchants one-time codes instead.

Apple Watch. Apple focused considerable energy on the watch's user interface,
and it showed in the demonstration. Its main controls are handled by twisting
and pressing the crown rather than trying to touch a tiny screen precisely.

Bajarin called it "extremely well-designed" but said the jury will remain out
until it hits the market.

"Its success will be based on how software developers embrace it and create
applications for it," he said.

jgelles@phillynews.com

215-854-2776 @jeffgelles

www.inquirer.com/consumer


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Apple iPhone 6S review

BYLINE: Anupam Saxena

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 2070 words


With the iPhone 6S, Apple is trying hard to change the perception that its new
flagship is merely an iterative update to its predecessor. So much that its
tagline for its new iPhones is 'the only thing that's changed is everything.'
The phone brings some brand-new features such as 3D Touch and takes one of the
biggest leaps in terms of camera hardware. We try to find out if the iPhone 6S
is the best smartphone money can buy...

Looks just like the iPhone 6

The iPhone 6S looks exactly like the iPhone 6. It's slightly thicker and heavier
but you won't really notice it. However, Apple's played the colour card and
introduced a new rose gold variant, which is essentially a light shade of pink
with a gold tint, for people who really want to tell the world it's the new
iPhone.

It also sports the same metal and glass build with rounded edges and curved
front glass panel but Apple claims to have used stronger materials including
7000 Series aluminium for the body and the strongest cover glass used on any
smartphone in the world. It's probably a confidence building measure after the
company was embroiled in the 'bendgate' controversy with its iPhone 6 Plus
buckling to external pressure and bending as evident from the large number of
videos that appeared on the internet. Of course, we never bend other phones to
check if they deform and treated the iPhone 6S the same way.

We think iPhone 6S is still the perfect phone if you're looking for a device
that's optimized for one-hand use. If you like the iPhone 6 design, there's
nothing that's going to prevent you from appreciating the 6S' form. The phone
even supports the same cases.

Same old display

iPhone 6S retains the iPhone 6's 4.7-inch display that sports 750x1334p
resolution packing in 336 pixels per inch. While you're unlikely to notice any
pixilation or distortion unless you look really closely, we still feel Apple
could have used a full-HD display. The display is perfectly readable under
sunlight and has wide viewing angles thanks to dual-domain pixels. Colour
reproduction is also good along with deep enough black levels. The screen also
boasts of a fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating to prevent smudging.

The new display also integrates sensors that can recognize different levels of
force for the new 3D Touch feature (more on that later).

Unique software features - 3D Touch & Live Photos

iPhone 6S comes with iOS 9, the latest version of Apple's mobile operating
system. Interestingly, some features of the OS are limited to the iPhone 6S and
6S Plus - 3D Touch and Live Photos.

3D Touch is a new way of interacting with the phone's touch screen and is an
enhanced version of Force Touch which was first seen in the Apple Watch. Just
like you pinch the screen to zoom in or double tap to zoom out on most phones,
with 3D Touch you press the screen forcefully for previewing content and even
harder for viewing it. Apple calls the two touch levels peek and pop. The
feature has been implemented in most built-in apps including Photos, Phone,
Messages, Camera and Mail, and in third party apps like Facebook, Instagram,
Zomato and Paytm. Apple has also put a new taptic engine that offers haptic
feedback (a subtle vibration) when you peek or pop.

There are a few major applications of 3D Touch on iPhone 6S - for instance you
can preview emails, messages or pictures with the peek gesture and open them
with a pop. You can firmly swipe from the left edge to go the multitasking view
and don't need to double tap on the Home button. You can also use the software
keyboard as a trackpad to navigate around a document by a forcefully tapping on
the keyboard. The Notes app is also able to distinguish between force touch and
normal touch and lets you switch to a darker drawing mode when you choose the
former.

One interesting application is home screen quick actions that let you go to a
particular section of the app without opening it. This means you can force tap
on the camera app shortcut to go directly to the selfie mode or post a tweet
quickly by going directly on this screen. More third party apps are integrating
this feature but we feel it could have been made more useful by eliminating the
need to go inside the app. For instance force tapping on Facebook and selecting
the Update status message could bring a small box that lets us update the status
or force tapping on Music could show playback controls.

Live Photos

Another fun feature is Live Photos. Think of having the option of shooting a
3-second animated GIF with sound each time you shoot a still. So you can see
your kid in action each time you play the photo. Yes, the camera covers some
action even before you hit the shutter button. Live Photos play when you tap
hard on the screen. You can also set Live Photos as your wallpaper and play them
by force tapping on the screen.

You can share Live Photos using iMessage, iCloud Photo Sharing, or AirDrop, as
well as other Apple devices, including Apple Watch. Shared elsewhere, Live Photo
is sent as a still photo, or if you decide to edit it. Apple says it will be
coming out soon with new API for Live Photos, so that developers can add
app-to-app sharing of Live Photos too. So it's just a matter of time before you
can share Live Photos on Facebook and WhatsApp.

We found playing with Live Photos fun and they make for livelier and creative
wallpapers. While a number of phones including the Lumias and HTC One devices
have been offering a similar feature, Apple's implementation has made it easy to
discover and use.

Other iOS 9 features

iPhone 6S runs Apple's iOS 9 that introduces some new features and upgrades to
system apps. The biggest update that iOS 9 brings to the iPhone is
'intelligence,' part of which is the Proactive Assistant that offers contextual
information based on your email, calendar and usage pattern.

For instance, if you have a meeting scheduled in your calendar, it will remind
you before time and even offer an update on traffic conditions. It adds events
to the Calendar from emails and suggests actions when you connect an accessory.

Another feature is enhanced search and a better Siri (Apple's voice assistant)
experience. Siri also offers search suggestions including nearby places,
frequently used apps and people and local news. It's also able to search inside
third-party apps, do math and conversions and display sports scores and weather
forecasts. A lot of these features are unavailable in India as Apple doesn't
offer directions on maps and information related to places of interest so we
couldn't really use them. Deep linking or the ability to display content from
apps does work to some extent. For example, searching a restaurant will display
its Zomato listing if you've browsed through it in the past.

A new low-power mode reduces or turn off non-essential tasks such as visual
effects and automatic downloads. The phone also won't check for new mail or
update content for apps in the background as often in that mode. We found that
this mode does stretch the battery at the cost of being up to date with
notifications.

Visually, there's not much change but the app previews in multitasking view now
appear as stacked cards, allowing you to flip through them.

Overall, iOS 9 is more about fine tuning iOS 8 and making the experience more
stable. Sadly, you'll still need to rely on Google's third party apps for key
features including maps and navigation, in India. Even Spotlight Suggestions and
enhanced search are not available in the region.

(##include msid=29593805,type=9 ##)

Consistently good camera

We all know Apple was never too obsessed with megapixels but the iPhone 6S is a
major upgrade after many years, progressing to a 12MP sensor on the back and a
5MP selfie camera.

Does it lead to any improvement? Well, compared to photos shot with the iPhone 6
which features an 8MP camera, pictures taken with the 6S are brighter, colours
are more vivid and you'll even notice some more detail. However, it's not a huge
leap as the iPhone 6 camera is already one of the best in business. Compared to
other smartphones, we'll still say that Samsung's new Note phone and S6 edge+
give tough competition but the iPhone's USP is its consistency. You can just
take the phone out and shoot without bothering to tinker with any settings.

Sadly, the iPhone 6S doesn't feature Optical Image Stabilisation which is only
in the Plus variant. This could have made low light shots even better and
reduced shake in videos.

A big addition to the iPhone 6S is support for 4K recording - the ability to
shoot video in resolution four times higher than full-HD. Remember that these
videos do look better than full-HD but take up more space on the phone. Also,
only a few screens support 4K playback at this point in time. You're better off
using full-HD if it's for personal use and you don't have a 4K device.

The iPhone 6S also uses the phone's screen as a front flash for selfies shot in
low light conditions. Again, this is not the first time we're seeing this
feature but selfies shot in the dark do look natural and consistently lit up
when you use this feature.

Great performance

Most iPhone users don't upgrade phones for better processors or RAM alone, but
Apple claims the new A9 processor that powers iPhone 6S is almost 90% faster
than the iPhone 6 in graphics rendering and 75% in overall use.

We noticed minor differences in app launch times and while switching between
apps. According to reports, the new iPhone comes with 2GB RAM, which is double
the system memory of last year's models. We did notice some minor difference in
multitasking capabilities - apps running in the background launch faster when
you fire them up and Safari doesn't refresh as frequently.

Games such as Infinity Blade III and Asphalt 8 run smoothly without any stutter
or lag whatsoever and showcase the graphics prowess of the iPhone 6S.

The Touch ID fingerprint sensor is twice as fast. So, you can unlock your phone
and get to the home screen faster if you use this feature.

The phone has an upgraded Wi-Fi and cellular antenna and we did notice that it
loads pages faster compared to the iPhone 6 on the same network connection. It
works with Airtel's 4G network without any issues and delivers decent speeds.

Apple claims the talk-time and standby time of iPhone 6S remain the same. And
that is despite the new A9 processor and 4K video recording capability. In our
use, we got about 12-12 hours of standby with 6 to 7 hours of usage. Our usage
included checking our Twitter account every now and then, clicking some
pictures, receiving emails on three accounts and making calls for at least two
hours. If you play video for longer periods, the battery depletes even faster.
There's not much difference in the battery backup if you compare the phone to
the iPhone 6 and that's not really a good thing.

So should you take the leap of faith?

On the surface, the major features the iPhone 6S offers is 3D Touch and Live
Photos but it does come with remarkable improvements in build quality, a faster
processor and fingerprint scanner, upgraded camera and better connectivity. At a
starting price of Rs 62,000 for 16GB, the iPhone 6S is anything but affordable
so it's certainly not for everyone.

For iPhone 6 users, it's not a major upgrade. But if you find the new features
like 3D Touch interesting and have a lot of cash to shell out, then we'd say
nothing should hold you back.

However, if you're looking to buy your first (or second) iPhone and want to save
some cash, we feel the iPhone 6 is the perfect device offering a great window to
Apple's software ecosystem and some useful features that you'll need. The same
also holds true if you are looking to cross over from the Android world.

Is the iPhone 6S the best smartphone available at the moment? In our opinion,
the iPhone 6S offers a great smartphone experience and the key here is
consistency and stability. Having said that we'd never buy the 16GB version
especially with Live Photos that take up double the storage space and 4K videos.
So the next best thing is the 64GB version that costs Rs 72,000. This price is
outrageously high especially when rivals like Samsung's Galaxy S6, Google's
Nexus 6P and Sony's Xperia Z5 deliver a premium experience at a much lower
price. And it's not just about hardware specifications; Android has reached a
point where it's not just a highly customizable OS meant only for power users.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    Trak.in

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Revealed! iPhone 6S & 6+ Prices Range From Rs. 62,000 to Rs. 92,000 in India

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

LENGTH: 403  words


It's just amazing how iPhones are able to sell millions of units Worldwide at
the prices they come at - After death of Steve Jobs, many people had thought
that iPhone aura will diminish - but that's not happened. The sales of iPhone
are setting record after record, even though each and every iteration of iPhone
is getting increasingly expensive.

According to various media outlets, for the first time, Apple is planning a
blockbuster launch for it's newest iPhone 6S and 6 Plus in India. The launch
event is expected to happen on October 16th of this month.

But the prices of iPhone 6S and 6+ has already been revealed and the cheapest
iPhone 6S (16GB) will put you down by Rs. 62,000 - nearly $1000! On the other
end the most expensive unit will be iPhone 6 plus 128 GB that will have a price
tag of whopping Rs. 92,000 or close to $1450.

Here is the price list for all versions:

Even though the price of iPhone is so high, Apple expects better sale numbers in
India compared to all previous versions. In India, iPhone is just not a
smartphone - it is a device that is bought to be flaunted and has the highest
"richness" quotient!

While, most consumers know that Apple themselves make over $500 profit
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/10/01/apple-earning-513-iphone-6s-plus-
iphones-smash-sales-record/) on each of their phone, people still make a beeline
in front of Apple stores worldwide.

Growing India Importance

It is also for the first time that Apple is forging partnerships with Indian
telecom operators well in advance of launch date. Till now, iPhone plans
released by operators came out months later from the launch date.

Like always, Apple will be offering EMI Schemes, where consumers will need to
pay only a small upfront amount and rest can be paid in 12 or 24 month
installments. It is expected that iPhone plans will come with bundled data
offers or even unlimited data in case of some plans.

There is a reason why Apple no more looks at India as a dumping ground for
iPhones. For the first time in history, the growth of Apple products, especially
iPhones, has been more in India compared with China
(http://trak.in/tags/business/2015/07/23/apple-india-market-growth-overtakes-chi
na/). For the period between April to June, 2015, iPhones recorded a growth of
93% in India, which more than growth in Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Turkey
and China.

So, what's your take? Will you buy iPhones at that price?

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2015 Trak.in, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

China buys more iPhones than US for first time

LENGTH: 244  words


Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus smartphones has
helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the first time.

Asia's biggest Apple store situated in Wangfujing, Beijing. [Photo provided to
China Daily]

BEIJING - Strong demand for Apple's latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus
smartphones has helped the Chinese market outsell the United States for the
first time, according to tech news hub pingwest.com citing a report from
investment banking firm UBS.

Steven Milunovich, an analyst with UBS, said iPhone demand saw outsized growth
in China and China could constitute as much as 35 percent of shipments in the
last quarter of 2014, way higher than the 24 percent ratio of the US market.
During the same period last year, China's market share was 22 percent.

Apple only began selling iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus in the China market on Oct
17, but Chinese consumers' preference for larger sized phones made the devices
the most popular sold in China. Orders reached 10 million within three days
after the initial sell date on JD.com, a major e-commerce platform.

The UBS report estimates Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the last quarter of
2014, a new quarter record.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a trip to China in October that "it's just a
matter of time" before China "becomes Apple's biggest revenue contributor." Cook
also said Apple would increase its number of Apple retail stores in China from
15 to 40 in the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Ncell launches iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 332 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Dec. 20 -- Ncell has launched iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the
Nepali market bundled with its SIM and data offer.

The phones were launched amid a function in Kathmandu on Friday. Both the models
will be available in three storage capacity options -- 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB.

"We are pleased to offer to our customers the premium handsets from Apple
bundled with our services. This association of top brands, we believe, will
provide special value for them," Sanju Koirala, corporate communications
director of Ncell, said.

Under the bundling offer, customers buying any of these handsets would get 1 GB
data for free every month for six months. Ncell has priced iPhone 6 at Rs 83,999
for 16 GB, at Rs 94,499 for 64 GB and at Rs 107,999 for 128 GB at. Likewise,
iPhone 6 Plus with internal memory of 16 GB costs Rs 94,499, 64 GB is priced at
Rs 107,999 and 128 GB is available at Rs 120,999.

The prices, however, are subject to exchange rates movement, according to Ncell.

The phone is also available on EMI from Nepal Investment Bank, Himalaya Bank and
Nabil Bank.

"This is the first time that Apple handsets have been launched officially in
Nepal. Now customer will be benefited with Apple's genuine after-sales service
and global warranty," Pranay Raj Acharya, B2B director of Ncell, said. Acharya
further added that the prices are costs of handsets alone, and Ncell SIM and
data that come with the handsets ensure additional value.

Customers can buy iPhone handsets bundled with Ncell from seven Ncell Centers.
Similarly, existing Ncell users can also transfer the on-net balance offered
with the sets into their existing numbers.

Prakul Kumar of Tinkune, who bought iPhone 6 Plus from Ncell Center in Krishna
Tower, is the first authorized iPhone handset buyer in Nepal, according to
Ncell.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             April 19, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending April 19;
Worker bee hirings, delay depression, fab phablet, megapixel magic

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 2014 words


With the iOSphere's spring warming trend come swarms of Chinese worker bees,
presaging the start of iPhone 6 production. Unless of course there are delays.
And woe is us: it looks like every new Apple mobile product -- except possibly
updated earbuds and colored Lightening-USB cables -- is being delayed. All those
worker bees may end up just standing around, reading iPhone rumor sites to know
what's going on.

[ MORE ON APPLE: 9 Top iPhone and iPad Productivity and Time Management Apps
MORE ON MOBILE: 15 most innovative products at DEMO Mobile 2013 ] Also this
week: newly recirculated rumors about the iPhone 6 fab phablet and the magic of
more megapixels.

You read it here second.

__________ __________ Both Bloomberg and The Wall Street Journal are reporting
that Foxconn, which assembles iPhones for Apple, has started hiring additional
assembly line workers, as it prepares to start production of the Next iPhone.

According to many in the iOSphere, this means that the iPhone 5S or 6 or
something will be announced soon. Even though no one really defines what "soon"
means, and almost no one has any idea of the time it takes for an electronics
company to move from hiring new workers to shipping pallets of new smartphones
to warehouses in the U.S.

Foxconn is the trade name for Taiwan-based Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., which
announced that since the last week of March, it has been adding about 10,000
line workers each week at its Zhengzhou, China, facility, a major iPhone product
site, according to the Journal.

According to the Journal: "'We have been very busy recently as we will start
mass-producing the new iPhone soon,' said a Zhengzhou-based Foxconn executive
with direct knowledge of production plans."

Bloomberg filed a very similar story, citing a "person familiar with the plans"
at Zhengzhou, who could be the same person who talked to the Journal for all we
know. "The extra workers will assemble the new [iPhone] device as well as
existing models and have been added at Apple's request to boost capacity, the
person said," according to Bloomberg.

TechnoBuffalo didn't hesitate to fill in the blanks left by the lamestream
media. "iPhone 5S production is expected to begin this quarter and Apple will
likely launch the phone later this summer," Todd Haselton assured readers.
"However, a recent report suggests that manufacturing issues may cause some
delays."

So, iPhone 5S will likely launch later this summer. Unless it's delayed. Then it
will be, you know, later.

Speaking of delay, or more accurately of delays, plural ... CNET's Dara Kerr
warns that, while its rivals "forge ahead" with mobile device, "Apple could be
experiencing production delays across the board."

Apple's vaunted well-oiled supply chain "could be" buckling, skewing, grinding
to a halt. Across the board.

The source for the news of this dramatic breakdown is a StreetInsider.com story
based on a report by Jefferies stock analyst Peter Misek, "who recently visited
Apple's Asian suppliers." Misek concludes that the "rumored iPhone 5S will most
likely be delayed" from an expected July date for start of sales. "Misek also
said that the possible low-cost iPhone launch could be pushed to this year's
fourth quarter and an iPhone 6 probably wouldn't come out until 2014."

The 5S delay is caused by unidentified "preproduction issues" and "mass
production [is] at least a month or more away." And let's not forget the
"publicly discussed delay of iOS 7," according to CNET's Kerr. That might sound
as if Apple has been talking about this, but she's actually referring to a
recent online discussion by several tech bloggers and Apple watchers, some of
whom said they've heard that iOS 7 is "behind schedule," a terms which means
something different from "delay." (More on this distinction later.) In any case,
the preproduction issues and the iOS delay "puts a July availability at risk,"
according to Misek. Finally, Misek, using what's called the "Royal We,"
concludes, "We continue to believe there is almost no chance the iPhone 6
launches in CY13 [calendar year 2013] due to supply chain issues."

But the bad news doesn't stop there. Because "the iPhone 5S delay is expected to
affect production of other Apple products too," according to CNET's Kerr. "Misek
said the iPad Mini refresh will also be pushed back and that he didn't see any
evidence of a possible iWatch in production. The iPad 5 refresh could happen,
said Misek, but he believes the volumes will be low.

Finally, he said that an iTV for 2013 is unlikely."

Kerr doesn't pull any punches. "If Misek's calculations are correct, there's
most likely some gnashing of teeth in Cupertino as Apple works to get a new
product in the pipeline as soon as possible," she writes.

No kidding. At this rate, Apple will be left announcing updates to its Apple
EarPods with Remote and Mic or color versions of its Lightning-to-USB cable.

The StreetInsider version carries a very few additional details, including this
also unsupported statement by Misek: "Apple seems to be facing material
technology risk with its screen [technology] transitions causing yield issues
and its app processor transition facing possible ramp issues at TSMC."

This statement refers to two still-unsubstantiated claims, or fears or hopes,
depending on your viewpoint. First, that Apple is making a major shift in its
screen technology for the next phone and tablet products, and that manufacturers
are having trouble hitting production targets for the new displays. Second, that
Apple's transition to designing its own processor cores, instead of licensing
those provided by ARM, is having similar problems because it's shifting
processor manufacturing from Samsung to rival TSMC and the latter is, again,
having manufacturing problems.

The issues that Misek raises are real ones, in the sense that all companies like
Apple face the challenge of managing a group of suppliers and manufacturers,
especially during technology transitions. But there are two frustrating problems
in trying to evaluate his claims.

First is their lack of detail. Was Misek talking with companies that actually
are part of Apple's chain of suppliers? What actually are the "preproduction"
issues that are causing the alleged delay of the Next iPhones? It would also
help if Misek added more context. For example, many of these same Apple supply
chain companies also supply rival smartphone makers, such as Samsung, Nokia,
HTC. Are any of them being affected by supply chain issues, or are these issues
unique to Apple?

Second is the idea of "delay." Presumably Apple, or any company, has a schedule
for bringing a new product to market. But if new technologies are involved and
changes to manufacturing lines, the schedule has to be flexible. Apple, like
most other companies, has never announced a target date for unveiling or
releasing a product. They may not even have a hard target date, but rather a
time frame or window, in which they expect to launch the product, assuming that
all the complex issues are resolved in bringing a product to that point.

A schedule, which in a case like this is really a schedule of many individual
schedules, can be adjusted: more resources or expertise brought to bear on a
specific issue or area, accelerating other areas, and so on. Some parts of the
product development cycle can fall "behind schedule" but the product can still
end up "on time."

Misek's few comments about the iPhone 6 apparently were the basis for
Intentional Business Times' astoundingly speculative (even by IBT's standards)
post by Erik Pineda, which went far beyond anything Misek said.

Here's how Pineda started: "Apple will not compete in the phablet arena this
year, a new report said, which means the much-speculated 4.8-inch iPhone 6 will
see its release date next year, likely on June 2014."

According to Pineda, "the iPhone 6 is considered as representative of Apple's
radical device revisions." For the iPhone 6, Apple "will dump its resolve of
sticking to the 4-inch screen size." This conclusion seems to be based on, well,
nothing except months-old reasoning that concludes larger-than-4-inch-screen
smartphones are what most buyers want and therefore Apple has to come up with
one. [This the argument of CNET's Dan Farber, for example.] Second, iPhone 6
"could see the retirement of the tech titan's iconic Home button."

His basis for the second conclusion? "Numerous iPhone 6 renders have shown that
its profile will boasts of a bezel-free form on four edges, thus eliminating the
need for a capacitive key on the phone's front portion." Meaning, fan art of
what the iPhone 6 might look like reveals ... what it will look like.
Presumably, Apple's designers are trolling the fan sites' "concept art" looking
for ideas.

Third and last, iPhone 6 "is also widely believed to carry the A7
[Apple-designed chip] 64-bit computing technology." This, conclusion, too, seems
to be based on very little.

AnandTech's Anand Lal Shimpi has an overview, from October 2012, of ARM's 64-bit
development (ARM being the basis for the Apple-designed A series processors used
in the iPhone and iPad). His post jumped off from AMD's announcement to
introduce in 2014 new processors based on the ARM 64-bit cores.

Whether or how that fits in with Apple's processor plans, and schedule, is pure
speculation. So far, the company is still using two-core 32-bit processors,
while some high-end rival smartphones tout four-core chips, but the difference
hasn't resulted in a perception that the iPhone under-performs. To fully exploit
the performance-tuning and power-saving benefits of multiple 64-bit cores,
there's a lot of operating system work that needs to done, and some software
developer education would benefit app performance.

The Vietnamese-language site Tinhte.vn -- initially picked up picked up by the
iPhone in Canada blog -- the Next iPhone will move up to 12 megapixels, with
improved "high dynamic range," and nighttime shooting, according to MacRumors'
Juli Clover.

High-dynamic-range imaging is a "set of methods used in imaging and photography
to capture a greater dynamic range between the lightest and darkest areas of an
image than current standard digital imaging methods or photographic methods,"
according to the Wikipedia entry. In practice, that means being able to "capture
more accurately the range of intensity levels found in real scenes, from direct
sunlight to faint starlight, and is often captured by way of a plurality of
differently exposed pictures of the same subject matter."

Currently, iPhone 5 has the same 8-megapixel rear camera, with an f2.4 aperture,
first found in the iPhone 4S. One change with the iPhone 5: a hard,
scratch-resistant sapphire crystal over the actual camera lens.

As Clover notes, "An improved camera has been a long rumored feature of the
iPhone 5S, but there are few specifics available."

The "12MP" qualifies as a specific. Or at least a specific rumor.

The new camera module, according to the Vietnamese website, will be provided by
Vietnam's Wonderful Saigon Electrics, about which you can learn more from the
company's helpful, English-language YouTube video.

How reliable is the rumor? "Tinte has had access to prototype and pre-release
iOS hardware in the past, though there doesn't appear to be any hardware in any
hands at this point, so it shouldn't be considered anything more than a rumor,"
writes iMore Editor-in-Chief Rene Ritchie.

He adds some sensible context, which actually applies to a range of phone
hardware specifications.

"I've only heard that there'll be a 'better camera,' not that there'd be a
higher megapixel camera," Ritchie writes. "Personally, I hope that's the case.
Apple doesn't [need to] chase the megapixels this time around. The iPhone 5
megapixel count is fine.

What we need next are things like sensors with bigger microns, and optical
stabilization, and anything that helps take in more photons so we get better
images in a wider variety of conditions, from low light to high motion."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: @johnwcoxnww Email: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bulges in All the Wrong Places

BYLINE: By NICK BILTON

SECTION: Section E; Column 0; Style Desk; DISRUPTIONS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 951 words


It's the ultimate first world problem. You go to the Apple store, drop $400 for
an iPhone 6 and then discover it doesn't fit in your pocket.

Gasp!

In the past, such problems were limited to hipsters with curly mustaches, whose
jeans were so skinny they might actually be cellophane wrap. But now mere
mortals with normal pants and purses are in despair.

Over the weekend people bravely took to the public complaint box, Twitter and
Facebook, to grumble about this oversized issue. (Pun intended.)

''My new iPhone 6 doesn't fit into the pocket of my Lululemons,'' Sarah Watson
wrote on Twitter.

''I capitulate. The iPhone 6 Plus simply won't fit comfortably in my not-at-all
skinny jeans,'' David Heinemeier Hansson lamented. He added, with a sad emoji
face, that he was ''downgrading'' to the iPhone 6. And an in-depth thread popped
up on Reddit discussing how to get around this problem.

Technology blogs have tried to help. Dozens of videos have appeared on YouTube
offering expert tests of iPhones slipping in and out of random pockets. (No, I'm
not kidding.) A number of downloadable guides allow users to print out a fake
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to see if they will fit in your clothing. (Again, I'm not
kidding.) It won't be long before a Silicon Valley start-up gets $10 million in
funding for an app that tells people which iPhones will fit in which jeans.
(This time I am kidding -- I hope.)

While it's easy to joke about this being a non-problem, this is actually a bit
of a real issue, given that the smartphone is arguably the most important gadget
in our lives today, and one that is usually just inches away from us.

Among gadget reviewers, women seemed to have the most trouble with the new
iPhones. Lauren Goode of Re/code said the larger model was too big to hold in
her hands or wear on her arm while exercising. My colleague Molly Wood, a
columnist for The New York Times, told me that the iPhone 6 Plus won't fit into
her purse. And Abby Johnston of Bustle noted that because women's jean pockets
are smaller than men's, either pockets have to get bigger, or phones smaller.

But don't expect either of those to change anytime soon. I called around to
dozens of jean makers and designers, and heard a lot of noes when asked if
companies planned to change the style or aesthetic of their clothing to
accommodate bigger phones.

''Our skinny-jean pockets are too small for the new iPhone,'' said Katrina
Klein, denim director for Rag & Bone, adding that she has no plans to change
that. ''We expect people to carry their larger phones in bags and purses.''

Lela Tillem Becker, a founder of Mother, a high-end clothing designer, said that
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus fit in the rear pocket of the company's jeans, but they
too won't make accommodations for the front pockets. ''If it disrupts the shape,
it's just not worth it,'' she said.

But fear not, men of Silicon Valley. Some guy-centric brands seem to be fine
forgoing form for techie function.

Last year Dockers announced that it had expanded its ''coin pocket,'' which is
the smaller pocket inside the larger pocket of men's pants, by an extra inch to
accommodate larger phones. Bonobos, the online clothing store, now offers a
jacket called the Jetsetter, which has a larger inside pocket that fits a
passport or larger smartphone.

''If none of our pants fit the iPhones, that would be a real problem,'' said
Dwight Fenton, vice president for design at Bonobos. ''You ignore them at your
own peril.''

But how much bigger can pockets even get? Josue Perzell, store director of Denim
Doctor, a Los Angeles-based vintage jean seller and repair shop, said that over
the years, jean pockets had already grown drastically.

''Early vintage jeans tend to have much smaller pockets because people didn't
have much to carry back in the day,'' he said. ''They weren't thinking of adding
phones or anything else. Today's pockets are much bigger.''

There are more serious pockets to worry about. For one, doctors have complained
that the larger iPhone 6 Plus does not fit in a lab coat and awkwardly juts out.
With many physicians in the United States using iPhones, this could pose a real
problem should they upgrade.

Style watchers are having fun predicting what fashion trends these larger
screens may usher in. The man purse, also known as the ''murse,'' could
resurface. Cargo pants, with their jumbo side pockets, could be the rage again.
Or fanny packs could make a miraculous comeback. (We could call them Phony
Packs.)

More than likely, the bloated new iPhones could alter public etiquette, again.
''You know how you're never supposed to take your phone out at dinner?'' wrote
Dennis Tang, an editor at GQ. (Besides being uncomfortable, there have been
reports of the iPhone bending -- the horror! -- after users kept them in their
pockets for extended periods.) The larger phone, he said, means it is now O.K.
to flout that rule. ''Leaving it untouched and silenced at the edge of the table
should do just fine.''

Some extreme hipsters won't have to worry about pockets being too small or new
etiquette. They are stalwartly refusing to upgrade.

Eric Goldstein, a founder of Jean Shop, a New York-based high-end jean maker,
said that some of his customers have said they don't want to buy the new iPhone
because it will leave a different wear mark on the front pocket of their jeans.

''A lot of our customers wear their jeans repeatedly to make them look
vintage,'' he said, and explained that they develop a unique rectangular shape
where their phone has rubbed up against the pocket. ''With the different sized
phones, people are getting upset that they are going to have an another shaped
rectangle on the pocket area,'' he said.

Now that is a first world problem.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/25/fashion/new-iphones
-bulge-in-all-the-wrong-places.html

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY LUCI GUTIÉRREZ)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Queues, anger, cash-ins ... it's another iPhone launch

BYLINE: Jennifer Ngo, Chris Lau and Bloomberg

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 470 words


Apple's new iPhones hit the shelves yesterday, with speculators cashing them in
for up to double the original price.

The launch got off to a chaotic start in Hong Kong, with labour groups
protesting about working conditions in the mainland  factories that make the
phones, and walk-in buyers at stores complaining bitterly upon being  told they
could not make purchases.

At Apple's Festival Walk store in Kowloon Tong, more than 100 people had queued
overnight, only to be told that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus would only be
available to those who had pre-registered - walk-in customers would not be
entertained.

"They could've told us last night when the mall closed," said 31-year-old
cleaner Tony Ku.

He claimed that Apple Store employees and security staff at the mall had told
those waiting outside on Thursday that they could queue until the mall opened
yesterday.

But when they filed in at 6.30am, Apple staff announced that no iPhones would be
sold to walk-in customers. Store manager Patrick Wong said: "We had no idea
there were people queuing up outside."

Pre-registered buyers, who were limited to two phones, were applauded by staff
as they picked up their new gadgets. Many sold them on to speculators outside,
many of them from the mainland, who in turn hoped to resell them for a profit.

The phones went on sale yesterday in Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan,
France, Germany and the United Kingdom, before being rolled out in Puerto Rico,
Canada and the US. But licensing problems on the mainland  meant it was not
included in the opening, unlike last year's iPhone 5s and 5c launch.

The iPhone 6 Plus had the best resale value, fetching HK$13,000 to HK$17,000 -
double Apple's price. The iPhone 6, with a smaller screen, was fetching around
HK$8,000, said one buyer,  who admitted most of the phones would be heading
north.

One store on online purchasing site Taobao boasted one-day delivery in the
vicinity of Beijing, charging 16,888 yuan (HK$21,267) for an iPhone 6 Plus with
128GB memory. The website said it had Hong Kong and US versions.

About 30 people representing nine labour groups staged a protest against
mainland sweatshop factories at the IFC store.

Some  dozen protesters from Students and Scholars Against Corporate Misbehaviour
held up signs that said "iSlave 6. Still made in sweatshops", and "Throw Away
the Bad Apple."

Buyers speaking Cantonese with mainland accents could be seen gathering next to
Sin Tat Plaza, a popular mobile gadget hub, in Mong Kok.

Their presence attracted new owners of the phones looking for the best re-sale
deal.

In Japan, dozens of Chinese people were waiting outside Tokyo's flagship Apple
store in glitzy Ginza.

"I'm queuing because it's not sold in China yet," said Chen Manyan, a
21-year-old tourist from Fujian  province, adding: "It's expensive, though."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:                  {+$}17,000                ; The top resale price, in HK
dollars, for an iPhone 6 Plus, in Hong Kong, twice Apple's price

GRAPHIC:                  A big queue of people lined up outside Studio A in
Tsim Sha Tsui in the hope of buying a new iPhone.                    Photos: Sam
Tsang, Felix Wong
                 Newly bought iPhones were quickly sold on for fat profits
(above left) while some people were upset at missing out on a purchase.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            August 1, 2013, Thursday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending August 2;
Apple iPhone 6 rumors include: 3-lens camera, fingerprints, iCheapo, LiquidMetal
redux

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1593 words


Patents, or patent applications, had the iOSphere swooning and agog over the
prospect of a camera with not one or eventwo lenses, but three. Which obviously
must be better than a camera with only one, or even two lenses.

Also this week, code sleuths uncover references in the iOS 7 beta software of a
fingerprint sensor integrated with the home button; a report on alleged labor
abuses at factories owned by an Apple assembler reveals details on what could be
a plastic-bodied cheap iPhone; and we are promised that the iPhone 6 will be
arrayed in LiquidMetal, and yay, even Solomon in all his glory was not so
arrayed.

You read it here second.

iPhone 6 will have a camera with not one, not two, but THREE lenses This begins
with a straightforward account by AppleInsider's Mikey Campbell of a new Apple
patent, not a patent application, published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark
Office.

Although widely headlined as a three-lens camera, the actual patent seems more
focused on three sensors, with the triple lenses being in a sense the means to
the end: which is to improve photo accuracy.

[IPHONEYS: The iPhone 6 edition] According to Campbell: "In most embodiments,
the luminance sensor is flanked on two sides by the chrominance sensors. This
positioning allows the camera to compare information sourced from three
generated images. For example, an image processing module can take raw data from
the three sensors, comprising luminance, color, and other data, to form a
composite color picture.

The resulting photo would be of higher quality than a system using a single
unified sensor."

For clickbait websites, such as HighLightPress, the new patent is almost
automatically associated with the Next iPhone or Almost Next iPhone. In an
emblematic iOSphere post, Sullivan Davis blathers on about the importance of
"about mold-breaking innovation and satisfying consumer demand before the
punters even know what it is they want" and "as far as mold-breaking features go
that are already making waves, new-generation camera technology seems to be
topping the table," which is a mixing of metaphors so skilled that it leaves the
reader dizzy.

"This of course hasn't escaped the attention of Cook and Co., which apparently
has led to Apple looking into triple-lens technology for the new camera to
feature on the iPhone 6," Sullivan assures his readers, without of course a
shred of evidence. "A recent patent filing suggests that the new triple-lens is
destined to make an appearance on a 2014 iPhone, given the fact that the iPhone
5S is already said to be in full production in the Far East."

Mashable's Pete Pachal goes even further in his post. "Should we look forward to
a tri-sensor camera in the rumored iPhone 5S? It's unlikely to be implemented
that quickly (although the patent was originally filed in 2010), but perhaps
some of the tech will find its way into consumers' hands in future models."

iPhone 6 will have fingerprint sensor in home button The latest beta release of
Apple's iOS 7 firmware has revealed what many believe is conclusive evidence
that the next iPhone will incorporate a fingerprint sensor into the device's
home button. (And likely for the iPad, which we mentioned in our latest "iPad 5
Rumor Rollup.")  This is actually Bad News for all of those who have clung and
no doubt still cling to the conviction that Apple must or should eliminate the
home button entirely.

The evidence is some code strings in the beta software, sent to 9to5Mac, and
then posted via Twitter, by Hamza Sood @hamzasood who found them in the beta 4
release of iOS 7. Marc Gurman posted the information at 9to5Mac.  You can find
the full details in our coverage, "Latest iOS 7 beta reveals possible
fingerprint sensor for iDevices."  A separate source told Gurman that the
"user-interface for the fingerprint scanning system has been complete[d]. This
person also says that the technology is focused around unlocking the phone, so
it is unclear if it is built for a payment system (as rumored) in the next
iPhone."

The fingerprint scanner has been enthusiastically predicted for at least 12
months, ever since Apple acquired Florida-based AuthenTec in July 2012 for $326
million. The company specialized in a range of mobile security products and
technologies apart from, and in tandem with, its fingerprint scanner. The real
question, to which Gurman alluded, is whether Apple intends the scanner mainly
as a device lock or as the foundation for a range of new or expanded secure
services in the future, including mobile payments.

Cheap, plastic iPhone now being produced, according to labor abuse report The
cheap, plastic iPhone is in production, according to details contained in the
just-released report on labor practices at the Chinese manufacturing plants
where it's being assembled.

The rights group, China Labor Watch, used undercover workers to report on
practices at three Pegatron Group plants on mainland China. The overall thrust
of the report -- as even its title makes clear "Apple's unkept promises: cheap
iPhone come at high costs to Chinese workers" -- contrasts the cheap iPhone with
the high costs - through scores of alleged illegal or unethical labor practices
- that Pegatron and Apple are imposing on workers.

Our full coverage of the report and the possible confirmation of an impending
low-cost iPhone is online.  One worker describes his experience of a day on the
assembly line as follows: "The task on my assembly line is to assemble back
covers. The assembling of other parts of the cell phone, including the final
assembly into a finished product, is assigned to different production
facilities, each facility partitioned off by heavy curtains so that workers in
different departments are isolated from one other. Today's work is to paste
protective film on the iPhone's plastic back cover to prevent it from being
scratched on assembly lines. This iPhone model with a plastic cover will soon be
released on the market by Apple. The task is pretty easy, and I was able to work
independently after a five-minute instruction from a veteran employee. It took
around a minute to paste protective film on one rear cover. The new cell phone
has not yet been put into mass production, so quantity is not as important. This
makes our job more slow paced than in departments that have begun mass
production schedules."

For many in the iOSphere, CLW report confirms what they've long rumored,
suspected, or insisted upon: that Apple must produce a cheaper iPhone in order
to compete with the rising tide of cheap Android phones in key markets.

But if the iCheap is simply iPhone 5 with a plastic case, it won't be much
cheaper at retail then the iPhone 5, certainly not enough to compete purely on
price with much less expensive, low-end Android phones.

And Apple and its retailers have been selling millions of discounted, older
iPhone 4 and 4S units, which effectively constitute "lower cost" models. And a
consumer survey released this week found very high customer satisfaction with
both of these phones, one three years old, the other nearly two.

But the CLW undercover workers apparently saw something. To know what that was,
and whether it constitutes a final 2013 Apple product, we'll just have to wait.

iPhone 6 is a phablet that will have a "virtually indestructible shell" The
stuff people come up with.

"On its release date, the phablet-sized iPhone 6 will be likely wrapped in a
virtually indestructible shell with futuristic handset body build, thanks to new
Apple patents that point to the use of liquid metal materials and solid-state
battery for future iOS devices," declares Erik Pineda, in an over-the-top post
at International Business Times.  To come up with this fantasy, Pineda first
blended two newly announced Apple patent applications, one for "3-D structures"
made of a liquid metal alloy, the other for a charging system for solid state
batteries, and then just made stuff up.

LiquidMetal is a startup and an alloy. Since 2010, when Apple licensed its
technology, this Wondrous Material has been rumored to be the next Big Thing for
iPhone. But so far it hasn't made much of an appearance except as the casing for
a SIM card.

Essentially LiquidMetal allows for stronger, lighter objects. The key challenge
is to turn it into a large-scale industrial manufacturing process. As far as we
know, that hasn't been done yet and likely won't be for another two or three
years at best.

The LiquidMetal patent application referred to by IBT was described, not very
clearly, by PatentlyApple. Even if you also don't actually understand what's
going on here, it's clear that what Apple invented was some method for creating
three-dimensional structures with plastic or with alloys that are like
LiquidMetal. One suggested use is to create speaker covers for a mobile phone.
That's right: speaker covers.

The second patent application is for a technique to charge solid state
batteries.

PatentlyApple links to the Wikipedia entry on these batteries, with the
explanation that they "are easy to miniaturize and can be constructed in thin
film form." And the batteries seem to be smaller and lighter than comparable
lithium-ion batteries.

So that's cool and solid state technology may offer a way to boost battery life
in a future iPhone. But there's nothing in any of this that even hints that
these two patents will be implemented for the iPhone 6, even if you believe the
iPhone 6 is due out in 2014.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Book your iPhone 6 from September 19

LENGTH: 507 words


As early as September 20, Apple fans in the UAE can start ordering the new
iterations of the iPhone -- which is actually a day after its initial release in
the United States and the United Kingdom.

At least this time, you won't have to shell out an outrageous amount of cash
just to be among the first to get your hands on Apple's newest handsets; all you
have to do is be patient for just under three weeks more -- and be proud that
the UAE and Middle East are now among the first to receive these devices.

As early as September 20, Apple fans in the UAE can start ordering the new
iterations of the iPhone -- which is actually a day after its initial release in
the United States and the United Kingdom.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' "expected availability [is] 20th of September",
according to UAE-based online retailer JadoPado. Full specifications are cited
for each model, but no prices were mentioned as at Press time. JadoPado founder
Omar Kassim had earlier said he expects a price premium of "around eight to 10
per cent" over retail prices in the US.

The UAE's two telecommunications companies have also bared their plans for the
new devices.

Etisalat had said via Twitter that the iPhones would be available on September
26. On the other hand, du, in a statement to Khaleej Times, said that it will
offer them beginning September 27 -- the day Gitex Shopper begins -- and
pre-orders will be accepted starting September 19. Both firms did not provide
any price information.

Apple's only official channel in the UAE -- store.apple.com/ae -- says that
unlocked iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "available to order from September 27".

The website will sell the iPhone 6 for Dh2,599, Dh2,999 and Dh3,399 for the
16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, respectively, while the iPhone 6 Plus will have
price tags of Dh2,999, Dh3,399 and Dh3,799.

Curiously, over at popular online selling site Souq.com, there has so far been
no posting about the new iPhones.

Ashish Panjabi, chief operating officer of Jacky's Electronics, said the
retailer expects official stock of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus to arrive in time for
Gitex Shopper, which runs until October 4.

"Our suppliers are working with us to ensure we meet these timelines and it is
our endeavour to guarantee as much as we can for this vital sales period," he
said in response to e-mailed questions from Khaleej Times.

"We applaud Apple in their efforts to recognise the importance of major sales
events like Gitex Shopper and festivals like Eid [Al Adha]."

Nadeem Khanzadah, head of retail at Jumbo Electronics, also lauded the fact that
iPhones will be made available in the UAE at a much earlier period compared to
its previous launches.

"It will be the first time ever that the iPhones will be available in the UAE
within a week of the US launch, which just goes to show the increased importance
Apple is beginning to attach to the Middle East market," he said in a statement.

Khanzadah further said that Jumbo would start pre-orders "within a couple of
days once we receive confirmed allocations".

-- alvin@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 499  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

China Mobile did not disclose whether the preorder would be expanded to the rest
of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. Xu Zhongyuan / China Daily

(China Daily 09/03/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Apple to repair iPhone 6 Plus with faulty cameras

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


NEW DELHI: If you own an Apple iPhone 6 Plus and are not happy with the way
pictures clicked with the device are turning out, we have some good news.

Apple has acknowledged that in a small percentage of iPhone 6 Plus devices, the
rear camera has a component that may fail causing photos to look blurry. The
company has started 'iSight Camera Replacement Program for iPhone 6 Plus' under
which it will replace the camera free of charge for eligible devices. TOI Tech
has independently verified that Indian iPhone 6 Plus owners with eligible
devices can also get the camera module of their device replaced.

Apple says the affected units fall into a limited serial number range and were
sold primarily between September 2014 and January 2015. If your iPhone 6 Plus
camera is taking blurry pictures, you can check whether it is eligible by
entering its serial number on Apple's.

In case it is eligible for repair, you can locate an Apple Authorized Service
Provider to have the iSight camera replaced.

Apple clarifies that the iPhone will be examined prior to any service to verify
that it is eligible for this program and in working order. "If the iPhone 6 Plus
has any damage such as a cracked screen which impairs the camera replacement,
that issue will need to be resolved prior to service. In some cases, there may
be a cost associated with the repair," it adds.

Apple may restrict or limit repair to the original country of purchase so the
service centre may not repair the phone if you purchased it from another
country.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   City A.M.

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Review: the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus;
Apple's brace of new devices are a major departure from the iPhone 5. Steve
Dinneen weighs up the relative pros and cons - and likes what he sees...

BYLINE: Steve Dinneen

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 941 words


T he new iPhone 6 is rubbish. Nah, just kidding. It would be great if it was,
though. It would make my life more fun if I could spend the next 600 words
telling you what a great steaming turd Apple has created and how it makes me
feel physically sick just to look at it. But I'm afraid I'm going to be singing
from the same hymn sheet as everyone else: it's great. One of the nicest phones
ever made. Damn you Apple.

Below I'll be looking at both the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch 6 Plus.
I'll start with the smaller of the two.

IPHONE 6 First impressions: it's a beautifully designed phone - impossibly thin
at just 6.9mm, and a complete rethink from the straight edges of the iPhone 4
and 5. This one is all smooth curves, a little like the rear of the iPad Air.
Even the glass curves into the chassis, giving it a sensual, pebble-like feel.

It's quite a bit bigger than the iPhone 5, although when you hold it, it somehow
doesn't feel as hefty as it actually is - it manages to squeeze in a lot of
screen inches without feeling unwieldy. And what a screen it is. In terms of
pure resolution, it's not the highest out there, but you'd be hardpressed to
notice. It's crisper than ever, with the icons appearing to hover just above the
device (aided by the iOS display).

Layout-wise it's business as usual, except the lock button has shifted to the
side because your thumbs won't stretch all the way to the top.

What's that you say? You thought Apple would only make phones you can fully
control with one hand? Well, you're right, it did say that, and it pushed the
idea to its logical conclusion with the monolithic iPhone 5. And in that respect
there is an element of rolling with the punches with the iPhone 6. Apple's "our
way or the highway" philosophy has been eroded by commercial imperatives. The
market - that's you and I - demanded bigger. We went out and bought Samsung
Galaxy S4s and 5s, and HTC Ones, and one or two even bought Nokia Lumias. So
here we are with a 4.7 inch iPhone.

A neat trick to overcome that onehanded problem is a new feature that allows you
to double tap the home button to make the screen drop down within reach - you're
left with a rather inelegant black space at the top but it fixes a niggling
issue.

As far as the innards go, the new A8 chip seems like the business - scrolling is
fluid and heavy-duty apps run flawlessly. It'll be interesting to see how far
developers can push the hardware over the coming months.

Another improvement is the camera, which features an overhauled sensor, lens and
aperture, giving you more vivid colours and less noise in low light. Autofocus
is faster and there's also a 240fps slow-motion feature - twice as slow as on
the last iPhone. In real terms, the pictures I took are marginally better,
although more adept photographers may notice more pronounced results.

And then, of course, there is the battery life. Will it really last a whole day?
Well... just about. If you're a heavy internet user you might struggle but Apple
reckons it's good for 11 hours of wi-fi usage, which should see most people
through to a nightly re-charge.

IPHONE 6 PLUS So, on to the iPhone 6 Plus, which, with a 5.5 inch screen, is
gigantic - even bigger even than the 5.3 inch Galaxy Note, the device to which
it surely owes its existence. It's every bit as handsome as the regular iPhone 6
- a shade thicker at 7.1mm, with a slightly higher screen resolution that my
eyes aren't sharp enough to pick up on - and while the extra weight is
noticeable, it's certainly not clunky.

I reviewed the iPad Mini when it launched and struggled to work out quite when I
would use it: it doesn't fit into a regular jacket pocket, so if I want to take
it out, I need to carry a bag, in which case I may as well go for the regular
iPad. The iPhone 6 Plus is the device I wanted the iPad Mini to be - even when
carried in your trouser pocket you won't notice it most of the time (I've been
doing it all week and haven't seen any sign of bending or warping, by the way).

If you're a heavy mobile video consumer then the Plus just makes sense - the
massive, razor sharp Retina display plays HD movies brilliantly, and the
experience is a million miles from watching films on the previous generation of
iPhones. With both devices offering up to 128GB of storage, using your iPhone as
a portable video library is now a viable option.

The only extra hardware packed into the Plus relates to the camera: digital
image stabilisation, which means slightly better quality pictures, especially in
low light.

CONCLUSION Apple has released two great phones, both of which represent a
sea-change in terms of design, especially with those massive screens. Apart from
that it's business as usual: faster and thinner with more bells and whistles -
they will keep all but the most ardent Apple-haters happy.

EE is offering a £41/month deal with £100 to pay upfront, including 2GB of data.
Log on to www.shop.ee.co.uk TOPiPHONETWEETS Stephen Fry @stephenfry Just adore
apple-haters. Imagine if people talked about Mercs or BMWs with such spewing
bile! Funny old world.

Apparently legal not to buy 1 Lydia Burrell @LydiaBurrell they call it 6 Plus
but it''s 5.5 inches? sounds like my ex boyfriend COPYRIGHT 2014 LYDIA BURRELL
Max Silvestri @maxsilvestri I bet nobody breaks their iPhones reaching out the
window to use Apple Pay at the McDonald''s drive-thru. Yeah, definitely nobody.

Olivia Wilde, actress @oliviawilde Great, Apple announced more products for me
to become entirely emotionally dependent on.

Tim Cook, Apple CEO @tim_cook I''m backstage and this is my first tweet from my
iPhone 6. It''s amazing. You''re going to love it.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAM


                            Copyright 2014 City A.M.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 21, 2015 Friday

Sprint Customers Can Upgrade Their iPhone Anytime, Included in Their Monthly
Rate

LENGTH: 494  words

DATELINE: Kansas


Sprint Corporation has issued the following Press release:

OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), August 17, 2015 - Sprint (NYSE:S) unveils a
simple, yet powerful offer for iPhone fans today: iPhone Forever, only from
Sprint. Anytime customers don't have the latest iPhone, they are eligible to
upgrade.

iPhone Forever

Starting today, new and upgrade eligible Sprint customers can get iPhone for
just $22 per month with iPhone Forever. Anytime customers don't have the latest
iPhone, they are eligible to upgrade. They bring their iPhone, upgrade on the
spot and away they go. It's that simple. iPhone Forever is available on any
eligible Sprint rate plan and upgrade eligibility is always included in your
price. Qualified customers can get1 a 16GB iPhone 6 model at Sprint branded
retail stores, Sprint.com, 1-800-Sprint-1, Best Buy and Target.

Trade-in Offer

Through Dec. 31, 2015, customers on any other carrier or existing Sprint
customers who are upgrade eligible and turn-in any smartphone will get a
promotional rate of just $15 per month on a new iPhone. When they upgrade to the
latest iPhone after Dec. 31, their monthly lease rate returns to current lease
pricing, $22 per month.

Special Promotion - $15 Limited Time Offer

New or existing customers who are upgrade eligible can bring in any smartphone
and get a 16GB iPhone 6 model and their monthly rate will be reduced to just $15
until their next upgrade. As a special promotion, customers who get iPhone 6 and
upgrade before Dec. 31 continue with the discount price of $15 until their next
upgrade.

Three Key Steps

1. Get a 16GB iPhone 6 model for $22 (or the $15 special promotional price with
trade-in) when you activate on any individual unlimited plan or family share
pack plan.

2. Upgrade to the latest iPhone by the end of the year and keep the $15 a month
special promotion price.

3. At your next upgrade, the monthly cost is $22. (Excludes taxes and service
plan charges.)

Stuck in a contract with another carrier? Not anymore. Sprint will pay off your
old phone and contract so you can switch. It's that easy.

"We asked ourselves, 'What could we do that would move our customers forward
with the latest and greatest technology every day?' said Marcelo Claure, Sprint
CEO. "We decided: How awesome would it be if anytime customers don't have the
latest iPhone, they are eligible to upgrade, and have it be as simple as handing
us your existing iPhone and picking up a new one - all included in your monthly
rate."

Sprint iPhone Forever offer beats the competition because it's (a) forever and
(b) less expensive.

iPhone Forever Unlimited Comparison

For more information on $15 iPhone Forever, go to www.sprint.com/iphoneforever,
call 1-800-SPRINT-1, or visit your local Sprint retail store, Best Buy or
Target. Customers also can get their new phone delivered and set up for free
with Direct2You.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Fake iPhones swarm the markets

BYLINE: Shafaat Shahbandari Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 385 words


Dubai: iPhone fans in the UAE are being urged to be wary of counterfeit gadgets
that are being sold in the markets.

The Telecommunication Regulatory Authority (TRA) issued a series of advisories
on Tuesday, cautioning consumers against falling prey to fraudsters selling fake
iPhones.

Cheap imitations of Apple's latest offerings - iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - have hit
the market, with many consumers complaining of being duped.

TRA said in a statement that its officials conducted an investigation into
reports of illegal and counterfeit iPhone 6 handsets on sale in the UAE.

"As a result of the investigation, a series of counterfeit iPhone 6 handsets
have been confiscated from various locations across the UAE. Based on the
investigation, the TRA has issued a series of recommendations to the public to
generate awareness of the trade of such illegal devices and to prevent their
purchase," a TRA official said in a statement.

With the demand for the new iPhones reaching a frenzy, the fraudsters selling
fake iPhones are having a field day.

"This move from the TRA is part of the strategy that seeks to prevent the sale
of unlicensed goods and protect the interests of the consumer. The raids come
following the increasing demand from the UAE public for the iPhone 6 handsets,"
said the official.

A leading mobile phone dealer in Dubai's wholesale market for electronic goods
in Deira confirmed that the marked has been infested by fake items and consumers
need to be extra cautious.

"We are aware of the situation and how people fall for these fake iPhones. In
fact, it's not just fake iPhones, counterfeit copies of most brands are
available in the market and it is a cause for concern. People should be aware
that if the deal is too good to be true than there is something fishy," said
Tayyab Bajwa, Sales Manager of Engelberge Electronics.

Highlighting what to look out for while buying an iPhone, another retailer said:
"A counterfeit product will never be the same quality as the original one, if
you look closely it becomes obvious. Always ask for an original receipt and
warranty when buying the phone and also ask to open the box."

Men trying to sell mobile phones on the streets of Deira and Bur Dubai is a
common sight and authorities have urged the public not to purchase any goods
from strangers on the street.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 8:56 PM GMT

Apple iPhone 6 Plus launch: Long-awaited new smartphone and Apple Watch are
unveiled;
Launch is hailed as 'biggest advancement in the history of the iPhone'

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 652 words


Apple has introduced a new bigger iPhone for the first time, called the iPhone 6
Plus.

At an event in California on Tuesday, CEO Tim Cook said: "Today we're launching
the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone."

The new iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch
screen of the current generation iPhone 5s.

Apple also introduced the iPhone 6, which is also larger, now coming with a
4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call "ion-strengthened glass"
screens.

The larger of the two new devices, the 6 Plus, also allows for apps such as
Messages and Mail to be displayed in landscape orientation for the first time.

The firm also confirmed a new processor chip, the A8, which will be used to
power new apps and games, with partnerships with game studios including Disney
and EA also confirmed on stage by Apple's Phil Schiller.

The Cupertino-based technology giant had been expected to announce two new
iPhones, with speculation and alleged leaks appearing online over the last few
weeks.

The new iPhone devices will ship on September 19, with the company's new mobile
operating system, iOS 8, becoming available on iPhone 4s and above from
September 17.

Mr Schiller confirmed that the new iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (£123) for
the 16GB model, going up to $399 (£248) for the 128GB model. The iPhone 6 Plus
will start at $299 (£185).

Apple has also announced plans to enter the payment market.

"Our vision is to replace the wallet and we're going to start with payments",
said Mr Cook.

He also called magnetic strips on credit cards "outdated and vulnerable" before
introducing Apple's take on the area.

"We love this kind of problem. This is what Apple does best. We've created a new
payment process and it's called Apple Pay," he added.

The new software uses the fingerprint scanner on your phone and native payment
apps to allow users to pay for products by touching their iPhone to payment
outlets.

It uses near-field communication (NFC) technology, used in existing contactless
payments, and the company's own Passbook app to secure your details.

The Find My iPhone app would be used to track and suspend your account if the
device is stolen.

"We are not in the business of collecting your data", said Apple, confirming
that all Apple Pay transactions are not logged by the company.

Major retailers have already signed up to use Apple Pay in their stores,
including Toys R US and Staples.

Online, it is also possible to pay within some apps. For now, the technology is
just been introduced in the US.

Apple has also entered the smartwatch market for the first time, with the Apple
Watch.

"I am so excited and I am so proud to share it with you this morning. It is the
next chapter in Apple's story," said Mr Cook.

"Apple Watch is most personal device we've ever created."

The Apple Watch was described as a comprehensive health and fitness interface,
and the traditional watch crown, which Apple calls the Digital Crown, is used to
control the interface.

Mr Cook compared it to the innovation of the mouse on the Mac, and click wheel
on the iPod. The crown can be used to scroll through lists as well as zoom in on
images and maps.

A huge array of designs and straps were shown on-stage, before the audience rose
to give Mr Cook a standing ovation. "It's incredibly customisable", he said. The
Apple Watch works directly with iPhone, but has its own native version of iOS.

Rivals Samsung launched their first smartwatch last year, and currently have
several on the market. This is Apple's first piece of wearable technology and
also follows on from Google introducing their Glass headset, and Android Wear
smartwatches.

The Apple Watch has a flexible Retina display, and the screen can sense force
used when tapping it. Apple also confirmed that the device will come in two
sizes.There are three collections of the Apple Watch - Apple Watch, Apple Watch
Sport and Apple Watch Edition.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Government Technology

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

Apple Launches iPhone 5

BYLINE: Sarah Rich, Government Technology

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 922 words


Sept. 12--After much speculation, milling rumors and endless Web chatter about
the possible launch of an iPhone 5, Apple made an official announcement on
Wednesday, Sept. 12, that the newest iteration of its beloved device has
arrived.

The company debuted the iPhone 5 at an event at San Francisco's Yerba Buena
Center for the Arts. While no official video stream of the conference was made
available by Apple, tech websites Engadget and Mashable provided live blog
announcements made at the event to help unveil the next-generation iPhone and
its new features.

So what does the new iPhone 5 have on your existing smartphone? Here are some of
the new features that might impact government.

--iPhone 5's New Look -- According to Engadget's live blog, the new iPhone 5 is
made entirely of glass and aluminum, and is the thinnest and lightest iPhone to
date, according to Apple. The iPhone 5 is 7.6 mm thick and 18 percent thinner
than previous models.

Though the iPhone 5 is still the same width as previous iterations, it is now
taller, allowing for visibility of five rows of icons on the home screen in
addition to the four shortcuts that display at the bottom of the screen. "All
the first-party apps have been optimized to show a bit more stuff," according to
the live blog. "In 'Calendar' we see a full five-day workweek now." And
according to Apple, the new iPhone has less glare in sunlight.

--Supports LTE -- Apple announced that the new iPhone 5 will support LTE for an
"ultra fast wireless connection." Within the U.S., cellphone carriers Sprint,
AT&T and Verizon will all support LTE.

--Improved Camera and Photo Features -- Although the next-gen iPhone still
includes an 8-megapixel, 3,264 x 2,448 backside-illuminated sensor, five-element
lens and f/2.4 aperture (the same features as the iPhone 4S), there's now a
sapphire lens crystal cover for the phone's camera, a new image processor to
reduce noise and a "smart filter" for better color-matching. According to Apple,
image capturing is now 40 percent faster with the new iPhone.

--Enhanced Video -- The new video capability on the iPhone 5 is still 1080p, but
has better video stabilization and facial recognition capability. Three
microphones have been installed on the new iPhone model on the front, back and
bottom of the phone.

--New Cable Connector -- While many iPhone users may enjoy the use of their
current iPhone connector, Apple announced that the new iPhone 5 will connect to
a brand new cable connector they've named "Lightning." Apple claims Lightning's
design is more durable, but the company plans to unveil new accessories and
adaptors for users who have docks with the previous design. Pricing for the new
Lightning connector was not mentioned during the conference. Wireless charging
is not available on the new iPhone 5.

iOS 6 Enhancements

What are arguably some of the more impressive enhancements come from iOS 6,
which means all iPhone users can take advantage without upgrading the device
itself (with a two-year contract, iPhone 5 costs $199 for the 16 GB model, $299
for the 32 GB model, and $399 for 64 GB model ).

One such upgrade in iOS 6 is a new feature called Shared Photo Streams -- once
photos are taken, users can share them for others to view and comment on. Siri
is also more robust in iOS 6 -- it can share the latest sports scores and stats,
show the latest movie reviews and showtimes, open apps, and post to Facebook and
Twitter.

Also new in iOS 6 is brand new maps functionality -- Apple is saying goodbye to
Google Maps and introducing its own product, one that gives turn-by-turn spoken
directions, interactive 3-D views, and Flyover feature.

iLove You, iLove You Not

So far, opinions on the new iPhone 5 -- before and after the announcement of the
launch -- are a mixed bag.

According to a July article by Bit, Anthony Caruana addressed speculations about
the iPhone 5's new connector. Because Apple's cable connector worked across all
of Apple's mobile devices, he said, customers developed a loyalty to the company
since all their devices could be charged into a single connector -- making a
different sized connector for the iPhone 5 a bad decision for the company.

"All those accessories will either be rendered useless or you'll need a small
adapter -- hardly an elegant solution," Caruana said.

According to CNET News, one reader said the iPhone 5 appears to be improved, but
may lack a certain "it" factor.  "There is no disappointment here for me. Apple
added all of the elements that made the iPhone 4S less-than-desirable. I think
hype is a terrible thing because it makes people believe that EVERY new product
Apple comes out with will be life-changing and extraordinary. What more, at this
point in time, can you ask for in a smartphone?"

But whether individuals are rejoicing the launch of the iPhone 5 or sneering
that Apple has another iPhone model added to its legacy, some analysts say the
iPhone could help stimulate the U.S. economy fairly significantly.

In a note to his clients, JPMorgan's Chief Economist Michael Feroli wrote that
sales of iPhone 5 could boost annualized GDP growth by $3.2 billion, or $12.8
billion at an annual rate. The 0.33 percentage-point boost, "would limit the
downside risk to our Q4 GDP growth protection, which remains 2.0 percent."

iPhone 5 will be available for purchase on Friday, Sept. 21, and customers can
pre-order their iPhone 5 beginning this Friday, Sept. 14.

___ (c)2012 Government Technology Visit Government Technology at www.govtech.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120912-1GT-Apple-Launches-iPhone-5-0912-20120912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GT


                                 Copyright 2012


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

iPhone 6 'shortage' in India, Apple diverts supply

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


KOLKATA: Smartphone retailers in the country are once again unable to meet the
demand for iPhone 6 as its supplies have fallen by 50% in the last three weeks
with Apple diverting stocks to the US, Europe and China.

The 16GB and 64GB models of iPhone 6, which together currently account for
almost 70% of iPhone sales in the country, are the least in supply, three senior
executives of Apple's trade partners told ET.

The executives, who requested anonymity, said Apple's distributors have informed
the trade that supplies will normalize in about a month once Apple is able to
normalize its channel inventory in its top markets.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Wednesday press time.

Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO at The Mobile Store, confirmed a shortfall in
supplies. "Apple's iPhone 6 continues to rock and sells much more compared to
iPhone 6 Plus in India, but supply side has not been able to match up to the
demand," he said. "We hope supplies will normalize in another 30-45 days," he
said.

A senior executive with a leading electronics chain said the short supply of
iPhone 6 has hit retailers as they operate on thin margins after the company
recently cut margins by 1%. "The only way we can make money on iPhone is by
fulfilling all orders, which now is not happening due to the short age," the
person said.

Apple CEO Tim Cook in the firm's first quarter earnings call on Tuesday had said
that there has been a decline of two lakh units in iPhone channel inventory
during the December quarter, compared to an increase of about one million
iPhones during the year-ago period. He said Apple has not been able to reach
supply demand balance until this month.

Apple on Tuesday reported $18-billion net profit in the first quarter, the
biggest quarterly profit ever by a public company, led by a 46% year-on-year
increase in sales of iPhones to a record 74.5 million-plus units. The company's
revenue increased a record 30% to $74.6 billion. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in
the earnings call that while iPhone sales grew strongly across markets, unit
sales were up by 44% in the US and 97% in the BRIC countries.

As per estimates by Counterpoint Research, Apple sold half a million iPhones in
India in the quarter to December compared to one million units sold in the full
fiscal to September 2014. While Apple India initially struggled to meet
supplies, it had normalized supplies in December and till early in January .

Apple India has also just appointed Brightstar in India for handling general
trade in the North. Redington and Ingram Micro are the other iPhone distributors
in India.

Follow TOI Tech on Twitter >>>

And like us on Facebook >>>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Availability of popular iPhone 6 device falls to half of demand as co diverts
supply

BYLINE: Writankar Mukherjee

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 439 words


KOLKATA: Smartphone retailers in the country are once again unable to meet the
demand for iPhone 6 as its supplies have fallen by 50% in the last three weeks
with Apple diverting stocks to the US, Europe and China.

The 16GB and 64GB models of iPhone 6, which together currently account for
almost 70% of iPhone sales in the country, are the least in supply, three senior
executives of Apple's trade partners told ET.

The executives, who requested anonymity, said Apple's distributors have informed
the trade that supplies will normalise in about a month once Apple is able to
normalise its channel inventory in its top markets.

An email sent to Apple did not elicit any response till Wednesday press time.
Himanshu Chakrawarti, CEO at The Mobile Store, confirmed a shortfall in
supplies. "Apple's iPhone 6 continues to rock and sells much more compared to
iPhone 6 Plus in India, but supply side has not been able to match up to the
demand," he said. "We hope supplies will normalise in another 30-45 days," he
said.

A senior executive with a leading electronics chain said the short supply of
iPhone 6 has hit retailers as they operate on thin margins after the company
recently cut margins by 1%. "The only way we can make money on iPhone is by
fulfilling all orders, which now is not happening due to the shortage," the
person said.

Apple CEO Tim Cook in the firm's first quarter earnings call on Tuesday had said
that there has been a decline of two lakh units in iPhone channel inventory
during the December quarter, compared to an increase of about one million
iPhones during the year-ago period. He said Apple has not been able to reach
supply demand balance until this month.

Apple on Tuesday reported $18-billion net profit in the first quarter, the
biggest quarterly profit ever by a public company, led by a 46% year-on-year
increase in sales of iPhones to a record 74.5 million-plus units. The company's
revenue increased a record 30% to $74.6 billion. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said in
the earnings call that while iPhone sales grew strongly across markets, unit
sales were up by 44% in the US and 97% in the BRIC countries.

As per estimates by Counterpoint Research, Apple sold half a million iPhones in
India in the quarter to December compared to one million units sold in the full
fiscal to September 2014. While Apple India initially struggled to meet
supplies, it had normalised supplies in December and till early in January.

Apple India has also just appointed Brightstar in India for handling general
trade in the North. Redington and Ingram Micro are the other iPhone distributors
in India.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Apple Goes Big With iPhone 6, and Small With a Smartwatch

BYLINE: By BRIAN X. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1130 words


CUPERTINO, Calif. -- After three years as chief executive of Apple, Timothy D.
Cook is starting to crystallize his vision for the company.

Apple on Tuesday introduced a highly anticipated smartwatch, which combines
health and fitness monitoring with mobile computer capabilities like maps. The
company also introduced two iPhones with larger screens.

The smartwatch, named the Apple Watch, is a miniature computer strapped around
the wrist and is the first product made under Mr. Cook's leadership that
branches Apple into a new type of product: a device in the growing field of
fitness-tracking computers that can be worn on or around the body.

Although the Apple Watch is the company's first wearable computer, it enters a
crowded field. Samsung, Pebble and Sony lead the pack of companies producing
these new devices, and sales are growing quickly. But the devices are nowhere
near as popular as smartphones. IDC, the research company, estimates that 19
million smartwatches will ship in 2014, much lower than the 1.2 billion
smartphones that it expects will ship this year.

And despite the fanfare with which the news media has greeted Apple's first
wearable device, analysts have expressed mixed views about its potential to
become mainstream. Can the smartwatch be a late entrant to a market but
eventually dominate as Apple did several times before under its former chief,
Steven P. Jobs?

''Jobs made that work with the iPod,'' said Carl Howe, an analyst at the Yankee
Group. ''He certainly made it work with the iPhone. Question is, Are they going
to be able to do the same thing with a watch? I wouldn't bet against them at
this point.''

Mr. Cook said in an interview that the new watch indicated that the company was
still innovative.

''For us, it's never been about being first. It's been about being the best,''
he said. ''And I think we just launched the Apple watch that is sort of in a
category by itself that will redefine what people expect of products in the
category.''

The new iPhones are significant upgrades for Apple's smartphone lineup, still by
far the company's largest source of profit. They cater to a growing appetite
among consumers for bigger screens, similar to what happened with televisions.

And they are a rare instance of Apple's following market trends instead of
creating them; Samsung, Apple's chief rival, has captured a major share of the
smartphone market with large phones.

Apple displayed the products in front of a packed auditorium here at the Flint
Center for the Performing Arts, the same spot where the company introduced the
Macintosh in 1984.

Apple said that to use the Apple Watch, someone must also use one of its more
recent iPhones.

The watch will have a strong focus on health. An app called Fitness tracks
statistics for different exercises, like bicycling or running, an accelerometer
tracks movements and a heart rate sensor helps measure the intensity of
workouts.

The watch has a rectangular screen for a face with a flexible display and comes
in two sizes. A crown on the side acts as a digital dial, which can be turned to
zoom in; tapping the crown returns to the main menu. The watch can be attached
to six strap styles, like stainless steel and leather.

The smartwatch can run various apps, like a calendar, map navigation and a music
player.

The smartwatch will rely on so-called inductive charging to replenish the
battery. Some consider it a form of wireless charging, but technically, it still
requires a magnet that attaches to the back of the watch from another device.

The watch will take advantage of Siri, Apple's tool for controlling the device
with voice commands. Pushing on the crown activates Siri, and a command like
''What movies are playing nearby?'' will prompt the watch to load show times for
nearby theaters.

Apple also said it would release a tool kit for software developers to build
apps for the watch. It said many companies had already made such apps, including
W hotels, Pinterest and BMW.

James McQuivey, a consumer technology analyst at Forrester Research, said the
Apple Watch had already accomplished one thing, even though the device will not
be in stores until 2015.

''It has firmly established the smartwatch as a category, one with unique
properties requiring a unique solution, as opposed to a miniature smartphone
pushed down onto your wrist,'' he said.

Apple said that there would be three versions of the watch -- Apple Watch, Apple
Watch Sport and Apple Watch Edition -- and that pricing would start at $350.

Employees working on the project, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, have
said that Apple wanted to introduce the product last year, but had to wait until
this year to finish developing the hardware and software and to give developers
time to make apps for the device.

Mr. Cook said Apple took its time to figure out how to devise a software
interface that made sense on a small screen, among other challenges.

''You don't want a phone strapped to your wrist. That's not what the consumer
wants,'' he said.

The two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, measure 4.7 inches and
5.5 inches diagonally; the most recent iPhones measure 4 inches.

Both iPhones have an aluminum back. Despite larger screen sizes, the bodies are
thinner than those of past iPhones.

To deal with concerns that a bigger phone will make using the phone with one
hand difficult, Apple created the feature Reachability. Double tapping the
physical button makes the picture slide down so that a user can reach over with
one hand to tap something.

The processor inside the new iPhones is about 25 percent faster than the
previous version, Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, said. The iPhones
have slightly better battery life than the previous iPhone, and they include new
wireless capabilities to get faster Internet speeds from cellular networks.

In addition, they support making phone calls over a Wi-Fi network and have an
improved camera with a sensor that reads light and does quicker autofocus.

The starting price of an iPhone 6 with a contract is $200, while that for an
iPhone 6 Plus is $300. They go on sale Sept. 19.

With the new iPhones and watch, Apple is moving deeper into the world of mobile
payments. Apple demonstrated Apple Pay, a feature that allows users to pay for
things in retail stores with the devices. The feature relies on near-field
communication, or N.F.C., a technology that lets devices exchange information
wirelessly over very short distances.

After rising initially, Apple shares ended the day down slightly.

The set of products should be the first of more to come this year. In May, Eddy
Cue, Apple's head of Internet services, said the products that the company
planned to introduce this year made up the ''best product pipeline that I've
seen in my 25 years at Apple.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/10/technology/apple-aims-for-the-wrist-with-a-sma
rtwatch-while-making-the-iphone-6-larger.html

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, with the iPhone 6,
left, and iPhone 6 Plus at an event in Cupertino, Calif., on Tuesday.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JIM WILSON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                               Townsville Edition

Fanatics line up for their fix of new iPhone6

BYLINE: JANE ARMITSTEAD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 277  words


THE scenes in Townsville phone stores weren't as manic as those down south, but
some desperate residents were still willing to queue for hours to be the first
owners of the iPhone 6.

Shoppers waited outside Stockland's Telstra Shop from 5.45am yesterday with
about 180 people lining up across five Telstra stores in Townsville to get their
hands on Apple's long-awaited products.

Stores sold out of the iPhone6 Plus early in the day with a dozen people put on
the waiting list, but as of yesterday afternoon there were still iPhone 6s in
stock.

Telstra North Queensland area general manager Rachael Cliffe said it was the
biggest iPhone launch they had seen in Townsville.

"The customer demand has been huge," she said.

"Our Willows store has been massive. We had up to 80 people lining up this
morning." Townsville resident Ben Vincent, 25, has purchased every iPhone on
launch day and yesterday was no exception.

The soil tester took the day off work to get the iPhone 6 Plus, his seventh
iPhone in six years."If I know I want something, I have to have it," he said.

"I waited about an hour for the store to open at 8am and was one of the first to
get the phone.

"I wanted to be there on opening day because if I missed out today, I would have
to wait another month for them to get more stock in." The iPhone 6 series, with
bigger screens, faster processors and improved cameras, has been touted as the
biggest shake-up of the iPhone in a few device generations.

Ms Cliffe said the 64GB silver iPhone 6 was the most popular product behind the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Mr Vincent said he was more than satisfied with the product. "It looks really
good and it is easy to use," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                               Townsville Edition

Fanatics line up for their fix of new iPhone6

BYLINE: JANE ARMITSTEAD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 277  words


THE scenes in Townsville phone stores weren't as manic as those down south, but
some desperate residents were still willing to queue for hours to be the first
owners of the iPhone 6.

Shoppers waited outside Stockland's Telstra Shop from 5.45am yesterday with
about 180 people lining up across five Telstra stores in Townsville to get their
hands on Apple's long-awaited products.

Stores sold out of the iPhone6 Plus early in the day with a dozen people put on
the waiting list, but as of yesterday afternoon there were still iPhone 6s in
stock.

Telstra North Queensland area general manager Rachael Cliffe said it was the
biggest iPhone launch they had seen in Townsville.

"The customer demand has been huge," she said.

"Our Willows store has been massive. We had up to 80 people lining up this
morning." Townsville resident Ben Vincent, 25, has purchased every iPhone on
launch day and yesterday was no exception.

The soil tester took the day off work to get the iPhone 6 Plus, his seventh
iPhone in six years."If I know I want something, I have to have it," he said.

"I waited about an hour for the store to open at 8am and was one of the first to
get the phone.

"I wanted to be there on opening day because if I missed out today, I would have
to wait another month for them to get more stock in." The iPhone 6 series, with
bigger screens, faster processors and improved cameras, has been touted as the
biggest shake-up of the iPhone in a few device generations.

Ms Cliffe said the 64GB silver iPhone 6 was the most popular product behind the
iPhone 6 Plus.

Mr Vincent said he was more than satisfied with the product. "It looks really
good and it is easy to use," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus might be banned in China

SECTION: TECH NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


NEW DELHI: In another setback for Apple in China, the country's intellectual
property authority has ruled that the the company's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets
have infringed design patents of a Chinese OEM. The Cupertino-based tech giant
might be asked to stop sales of its iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the country.Beijing
Intellectual Property Office declared that both the iPhones infringe on patent
rights owned by Shenzhen-based firm Baili. The regulator ruled that Apple's
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets are an exact copy of Baili's 100C phone.

Apple is yet to release an official statement on this claim."Baili is just
another smartphone brand in China. The patent reportedly belongs to Xu Guoxiang.
Meanwhile, Apple can appeal the ruling. "Apple can try to stave off a sales ban
by appealing in several venues, including the Beijing Higher People's Court and
the Supreme People's Court. If the position by the Beijing IP office is upheld
and Apple doesn't appeal further, then in theory they wouldn't be able to sell
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," Bird and Bird partner and IP specialist Ted
Chwu said in a Bloomberg report .In April, Apple's iTunes Movies and iBooks
service were banned in the country on demand from the State Administration of
Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television.The two Apple services competed
directly with Chinese firms. According to the New York Times, the official
scrutiny might be driven by government's desire to support domestic companies.
In May, Chinese court ruled against Apple in a case it brought against a small
maker of "iPhone"-branded leather goods. Manufacturer Xintong Tiandi registered
the word as a trademark for use on leather goods in 2007 and has been producing
wallets, handbags and phone cases emblazoned with it ever since.The Beijing
municipal higher people's court reportedly ruled that Apple had failed to prove
that the iPhone brand was "familiar to the public and widely known" in China
before the leather company registered it.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

iPhone 6S thicker to avoid 'bendgate'?

SECTION: SCI TECH

LENGTH: 247 words


Leaked renders of the new smartphone appear to show a thicker frame than the
current model.

The iPhone 6 was received enthusiastically when it launched in September last
year - until someone figured out that it bent under pressure.

Now, Apple is gearing up to reveal either the iPhone 6S or iPhone 7 later this
year, and it doesn't want a repeat of the controversy, reports mirror.co.uk.
According to the latest images of the upcoming smartphone, the world's most
valuable company is making the frame thicker to avoid the perils of a bending
gadget.

The images in question are 'CAD design renders' and are sent to thirdparty case
manufacturers ahead of a phone's release so that they can prepare cases and
accessories for it. They were published by uSwitch and, if accurate, would mean
for the first time Apple has built a phone that's thicker than its predecessor.

The prevailing wisdom in smartphone design is that each iteration should be
slimmer and lighter than the previous model. At 6.9 mm thick, the iPhone 6 is
Apple's thinnest smartphone to date.

"While the iPhone 6 came in at 6.9 mm thick, the iPhone 6S is 7.1 mm, according
to our source," reports uSwitch. "Intriguingly, it also appears that the
protruding camera that featured on the iPhone 6 could be missing from the iPhone
6S but will reappear on the iPhone 6S Plus." There's no current release date for
the iPhone 6S but many experts believe it will be revealed sometime next month.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            January 24, 2014, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending Jan. 24;
Dual iPhone 6's, another vote for 4.8-inch screen, no sale

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1910 words


Picture a cow chewing its cud. Then picture it chewing its cud while on
amphetamines, and you get an idea of the iOSphereduring the past week.

Yet again, there was a frenzy of rumor rehashing. For example, new rumors of two
iPhone 6s, both with much bigger screens than today's 4-inch display, still
based on anonymous sources. In this case, anonyms "familiar with the situation."

One Wall Street analyst got specific, predicting a 4.8-inch screen. Previously,
and still, there are predictions of 4.7 inches and 4.9 inches. Perhaps he
decided to split the difference, which is a good a basis for a prediction as the
familiars.

There was a momentary thrill when bloggers drooled over an anonymous YouTube
video showing parts from an iPhone 6 "taken at an Apple factory!" The metal body
was clearly made of the wondrous Liquidmetal and it was clearly larger than the
current iPhone 5S. Until someone pointed out it was from the iPhone 4S. Which is
just pedestrian aluminum and...smaller.

Finally, early release sirens went off when someone woke up and realized that
all these incredible iPhone 5S and 5C discounts Meant Something Big, namely that
Apple was clearing out inventory to pave the way for iPhone 6, whose
announcement could therefore happen at any moment for the next six months at
least.

You read it here second.

"It's been widely expected that Apple will launch an iPhone with a larger
screen, but this is the first solid indication that Apple could be launching
phones in multiple screen sizes...," Jordan Golson assures his readers at
MacRumors.  His faith in the Mainstream Media is touching. This "first solid
indication" is a story this week in the Wall Street Journal that Apple has in
varying stages of development two future iPhones with larger-than-4-inch
screens. The story is behind a paywall but MarketWatch has what appears to be
the opening few paragraphs.  +More on Network World: Mac 30 | 30 years of
Apple's Mac computer | The Mac at 30: Tales from the Berkeley Mac Users Group |
Apple's Mac: the Post-PC PC? + Golson's faith in the Mainstream Media is
touching. He and others are "reporting" that the Journal is reporting that Apple
will have larger-screen iPhones. In fact, the Journal is only reporting that
unnamed "people familiar with the situation" say that Apple "plans larger
displays on a pair of iPhones due for release this year." There's no indication
who these people are, how they are familiar with the plans or even what
"familiar" means here. Since the same rumor, including the time frame, has been
"reported" for most of the past 12 months, this doesn't add much.

Unless, like Golson, you make a leap of faith that the Journal's sources are
better than those of other news sites and bloggers.

Like BGR's Brad Reed, whose conclusion from the story is "It looks like Apple is
taking a page from Samsung in more ways than one" - not just a bigger screen but
two bigger screens, you know, like the Samsung Galaxy S 4 and Galaxy Note 3. If
you can't innovate, imitate.

The Journal's unnamed sources say that Apple is developing one phone with a
screen "larger than 4½ inches measured diagonally, and a second version with a
display bigger than 5 inches." The phones are "expected in the second half" of
2014.

Then there's this: "The smaller of the two models is further along in
development, and is being prepared for mass production, the people said. The
larger-screen version is still in preliminary development, they said."

Apple is a model of supply chain efficiency but, to The Rollup, it seems a big
of a stretch to infer that a smartphone model that is currently "still in
preliminary development" is going to be ready for mass production by late summer
or fall 2014.

Time's Harry McCracken, commenting on the Journal story, raised the issue of how
Apple will address OS and application sizing with possibly three different
screen sizes. "What's tricky is rejiggering iOS to accommodate a new screen
size," he writes.

"(Unlike Android, iOS isn't designed to fluidly reconfigure itself for whatever
screen size it finds itself on.)" If Apple goes with larger screens, he thinks
that "Apple will make significant adjustments to iOS to deal with new
resolutions" and those adjustments are likely to be revealed at the June 2013
Apple Worldwide Developers Conference.

It's not clear to The Rollup that Apple would have to make "significant
adjustments" in iOS, if the term refers to rewriting a lot of code. Assuming iOS
uses a modular architecture, it may be possible for Apple to "unplug" the chunk
of code dealing with resolution and replace it with one that can dynamically
adjust to different size iPhone screens, though that is undoubtedly
oversimplifying the decisions Apple has to make in increasing the screen's size
and presumably resolution and pixel density.

Presumably, app developers then get a tweaked interface to use, though at least
some apps may have to be at least partly rewritten to make proper use of
different screen sizes.

There was a tremor in the iOSphere for a few hours Friday morning when a YouTube
video appeared (we're not posting a link to it, you can search the site for
"MrVoolp" to find it) which claimed to be "iphone 6 parts!!!. This video was
filmed at the Apple Factory."

Some were dazzled. At TechieNews, Abhishek Gohel burbled that "The video shows
off a unibody-constructed smartphone shell, which is claimed to be of iPhone 6."

Despite the graininess and blur, Gohel was able to discern Very Important
Features. "The shell is of a larger form factor and seems to be made from
Liquidmetal," he declared, though how he would know it's Liquidmetal isn't
explained. "Further, the shell seems to be taller and in line with latest
reports of a larger screened iPhone 6."

BusinessInsider's Steve Kovach offered his keen-eyed appraisal, too. "While
there's nothing in the video to give you a perception of how large the shell is,
you can tell the ratio of the screen size is a bit wider than the iPhone 5S/5C,"
he assured readers.

"That likely means the screen would be larger."

There you have it.

Or had it, until MacRumors' Editor Eric Slivka, @wildcowboy, tweeted the
following: "Video of 'iPhone 6 chassis' starting to make the rounds. It's an
iPhone 4s part."

The 4S height is 4.5 inches compared to the 5S height of 4.87 inches, which
means the mystery part that people think shows a larger-screen iPhone...actually
shows a smaller-screen iPhone.

There you have it.

This week another Wall Street analyst offered his guess (usually disguised as a
"note to investors" or NTI) that Apple for sure will have a
bigger-than-four-inch screen on the iPhone 6.

AppleInsider picked up on the latest NTI, this one by Timothy Arcuri of Cowen
and Company. Apparently Arcuri claims in the note that Apple has "locked down"
the phone's design, which will feature a 4.8-inch display and the
high-throughput 11ac Wi-Fi Apple introduced 11ac in 2013 on some Macs and router
products but not yet in its phones or tablets.

Acuri's predictions are based apparently on his talks with people in the supply
chain, though it's not clear he means Apple's supply chain specifically or just
various Asian contract manufacturers.

He also predicts, that "Apple is planning 'key software innovations,'" according
the AppleInsider post. "He expects the company will leverage iBeacon [a
Bluetooth Low Energy radio], Touch ID [the integrated fingerprint scanner], and
Passbook [which collects stuff like movie tickets, loyalty cards, coupons] as
part of a push into new services with mobile payments."

It seems likely that all three of these features eventually will play a role in
a system of mobile payments. Whether that system - which will entail Apple
partnering with an array of outside parties and possibly making some major
infrastructure investments - will be ready in the latter half of 2014 remains to
be seen.

You may have noticed that you can buy an iPhone 5S right now for less than the
"official" Apple price of $199 for the 16GB model.

But you probably didn't notice the Real Meaning of the price cut. Now you do,
thanks to the shrewd analysis by Monica Walken, at MotoringCrunch. The headline
of her post sums it up succinctly and colorfully: "Early Release Schedule Sirens
Go Off As 5S Falls Into Bargain Bin."

"It was only September last year when both the iPhone 5s & 5c got launched and
prices for both devices have been going down the charts ever since," she
declares. "Today, both the iPhone 5s & 5c are relatively affordable and
consumers can get them for a steal."

One doesn't usually find "relatively affordable" equated with "a steal."
Relatively affordable means that something is...well, relatively affordable. A
steal is something you get for nothing, or almost nothing.

"Walmart is selling away the iPhone 5c for just $27 instead of $99," Walken
says. "This deal is only applicable with a two-year contract."

Walken seems to be referring to the limited-time offer that Walmart launched in
December. On Walmart's online site, if you search selecting "iOS," you can't
find any iPhone today (Jan. 24) with a pricetag that remotely resembles $27. Or
even $99.

"It isn't just with Walmarts," Walken assures her readers. "Other retailers like
BestBuy and Mac Mall are into it as well.

The latter has the best offer for the iPhone 5S. The 32GB is going away for a
mere $120 whereas the 16GB variants have a price tag of $20."

Searching MacMall for "iPhone 5S" brings up results that show the cheapest
iPhone 5S is a 16GB model, for $99, with a two-year Verizon Wireless Contract.
At Best Buy, the same search shows the 16GB iPhone 5S being offered by AT&T
Wireless, Sprint, and Verizon Wireless - all with a two-year contract -- for
$150, a discount of about $50 from the regular, standard price.

"It is not like these retailers are putting up offers at their own free will,"
Walken asserts. "Apple is known to control the pricing of its product. Despite
that fact, it is a wonder why the phone-vendor is gradually decreasing the
prices of these devices."

It's a wonder all right. And she has an answer to the wonderment. "Tech-savvy
forums have been hinting that there will be an early iPhone 6 launch," Walken
says. "This could be why Apple is giving away the iPhone 5S and 5C for a
bargain."

Perhaps the wailing of the early release siren is making it hard for Walken to
think clearly. When one thinks of Apple, the word "bargain" isn't the first word
that comes to mind. From what The Rollup recalls, the carriers and retailers buy
their iPhones from Apple, which gets the money - a lot of money - upfront.

For the carriers, there is a powerful "iPhone Network Effect" - subscribers with
iPhones apparently do a lot more web surfing and other activities that consume
data, and the carriers sell data plans. The more data that subscribers use, the
more likely they are to want a data plan with a higher cap. The iPhone Network
Effect is plenty of incentive to offer a range of promotions and discounts, all
year long, to entice new phone users or upgraders.

Neither Apple nor the carriers appear to have talked in public about what
pricing constraints or requirements Apple imposes on companies reselling the
iPhone.

So the idea that a Walmart discount or a Walmart-and-Best Buy-and-MacMall
discount is a hint, let alone proof, of the any-moment-now announcement of the
iPhone 6 is a fantasy.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2014 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Wolverton: Apple Watch underwhelms

BYLINE: By Troy Wolverton Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 838 words


SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 9/13/2014, pg. A4)
A graphic on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus incorrectly stated the prices and
storage capacity of the iPhone 6. There is no 32GB version of the iPhone 6, but
there is a 64GB model for $299 and a 128GB model for $399.

CUPERTINO -- On Tuesday, I got some time to do something people have been hoping
to do for years: spend some time with Apple's new smartwatch.

Apple Watch will not go on sale until early next year, but I tested out some
demo units at Apple's big reveal at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on
Tuesday and talked to company representatives about it.

Based on that, I've got some informed first impressions and some thoughts about
whether this gadget, like the iPhone and iPad, will become a must-have device
for a mass audience.

First off, the basics: Apple Watch is a kind of portable computer that you wear
on your wrist. You can use it to view alerts sent from your phone, get
directions, send short messages or keep track of your pulse rate and physical
activity. Oh, and it will also tell time.

My overall thoughts: Apple clearly has thought a lot about wearable devices, and
its new Watch has some impressive features. But it's not as sleek as I expected,
nor as capable. And it seems really overpriced for what it is.

In creating Apple Watch, the company obviously spent a lot of time thinking
about the fashion business. Apple Watch will come in two different sizes,
presumably for male and female wrists. Apple will offer it with three different
case materials, each one in two different finishes. And consumers can choose
from six different types of straps in a rainbow selection of colors.

But in some ways the design of Apple Watch is very conventional and even
pedestrian. At about a centimeter thick, it's fatter than I expected and nowhere
near as sleek as the new iPhones. Turned off, its small, squat, flat design
almost looks boring. It certainly doesn't scream out -- or even whisper -- that
it's a cutting-edge device.

Besides fashion, Apple seems to have spent a lot of time thinking about what
consumers might want to do with a smartwatch and paying attention to its rivals.
Like other smartwatches, Apple Watch will be able to track users' workouts and
monitor their overall physical activity. It will also be able to show them
alerts, such as when they have an upcoming appointment.

But it has the potential to do a lot more because Apple is opening up the device
to outside developers. Apps for your phone will be able to send alerts to Apple
Watch right when it launches. Developers will also be able to offer features for
the Watch that complement and extend their iPhone apps. Tim Cook, for example,
mentioned that one Apple executive is already using his Watch as a viewfinder
for his iPhone's camera. Later next year, developers will be able to create full
apps for the device, the company says.

Apple's decision to open up the iPhone to outside apps helped spur its
popularity. Opening up the Apple Watch could have similar benefits, allowing
consumers to find their own individual killer apps.

Unfortunately Apple Watch suffers from several shortcomings, big and small.

Its first big problem is that it isn't a stand-alone device; you can't do much
with the Apple Watch unless it's connected to a smartphone. And not just any
smartphone; it has to be connected to an iPhone.

About the only things you can do with Apple Watch without an iPhone is check the
time and use it as a kind of enhanced pedometer.

That need for an iPhone link is likely to greatly limit its appeal. Even if you
already own an iPhone, you may wonder why you need to buy an extra device,
especially when you're generally going to have to continue to carry your phone
around with you.

The other big problem with Apple Watch is its price, which starts at $350. That
might be reasonable if the watch could replace a phone, but it's a high price to
pay for what is basically a phone accessory. It's also likely to be a high
hurdle for many young people, especially since many of them have yet to be
convinced that they need to wear a watch at all.

Apple Watch also has some smaller problems. For one, its screen is generally
turned off. To turn it on, you press a button or raise the watch to your face.
That's annoying; if the primary purpose of a watch is to tell you the time,
you're going to want to be able to see that by just glancing at it.

One other problem has to do with the interface Apple created for it. The app
icons on the display are tiny! If you use reading glasses, you may need to pull
them out to distinguish particular programs.

Some of these problems aren't unique to Apple Watch; they plague other
smartwatches, making it hard to create a product that is a must-have for most
consumers.

Apple Watch obviously will benefit from the company's huge fan base and Apple's
marketing prowess. But at least at first glance, I wasn't convinced it's a
device that most people need -- or may even want.

Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285 or Twitter.com/troywolv.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center
Tuesday morning, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group)
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the Apple Watch at the Flint Center Tuesday
morning September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. (Karl Mondon/Bay Area News
Group
CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: A video about the Apple Watch is shown during an
Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on September 9,
2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the Apple Watch wearable tech and
two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty
Images)
CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: Apple CEO Tim Cook talks about the Apple Watch
during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts on
September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the Apple Watch
wearable tech and two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo by
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Apple iPhone weekend sales may hit 6-8 million

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 389 words


NEW DELHI: Apple is set to launch the recently-unveiled iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C
in 11 markets on October 20 and analysts have said it could notch record sales
over the first weekend itself.

The company has always broken previous records with each new iPhone launch,
though last year's sales missed the estimates. Now, analysts have given their
predictions for weekend sales of the two new iPhone models and it remains to be
seen if Apple can outsell iPhone 5.

According to KGI Securities analyst Mig-Chi Kuo, Apple is likely to sell
approximately 6-8 million iPhones over the first weekend since they hit the
shelves. He has also predicted the cheaper iPhone 5C will outsell its more
expensive sibling, accounting for 55-65% of the total sales. However, he says
that the manufacturer will not reveal exactly how many units of each handset it
sells.

Piper Jeffrey analyst Gene Munster, however, expects Apple to sell fewer units
this weekend. According to him, the company will only be able to notch sales of
5-6 million units for both the models.

In his research note, Munster wrote, "While the 5-6 million range may be viewed
by some as a disappointment given that it will include China as a launch country
for the first time, we believe our survey work suggests that demand is healthy,
but slightly below where demand was for the iPhone 5 last year, which included a
new form factor."

Last year, Apple launched only one model - iPhone 5 - and sold 5 million units
on the first weekend. This is the first time the company has released two
smartphones together.

While pre-orders for the cheaper iPhone 5C began on September 13, Apple this
time did not disclose the number of pre-orders it received on the first day. The
Cupertino-based company has released pre-order figures for the first day for the
past three years. However, Munster has put iPhone 5C pre-order estimates at 1
million units, which is half of the advance bookings made of iPhone 5 on the
first day.

In an earlier research note, Munster wrote, "We believe people who followed tech
closely and were interested in the announcement panned the 5C, but as more
normal people became involved in the conversation, it appears that colour
matters to consumers and the 5C could be more popular among the total consumer
base than some may have expected."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            August 16, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending August 16;
September 10, A7, Jimmy Lin, the meaning of flex cables

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1313 words


As the days shorten, so does the iOSphere's patience. But we may only have to
wait 25 days before our agony is over andthe Next iPhone(s) is revealed.

Also this week: speculation about Apple's A7 processor powering the iPhone 5S or
6, whatever. In brief: it's better; Jimmy Lin's revelation; and how to
understand flex cables when you don't really understand them.

You read it here second.

___________"This [photo of an iPhone home button flex cable] features a much
longer [flex] connector to the motherboard than before that could mean that the
button is being used to transmit data. With that in mind, it's not a massive
stretch to imagine that the home button could indeed house the fingerprint
scanner that tech-site rumours suggest will be on board the handset."

~ Jonathan Leggett, USwitch, demonstrating that in the absence of any real
technical knowledge about smartphone components, all you need is a stretchable
imagination to know what's happening.__________ iPhone 5S, 5C, or 6 or some
combination, to be announced September 10 Tuesday, September 10 is the latest,
and most specific, date embraced by the iOSphere for Apple's announcement of the
Next iPhone, or iPhones. Depending on...well, your overall mental condition, you
might be expecting the iPhone 5S, the lower-priced 5C, or both, or even the
iPhone 6.

The September 10 date was first revealed by Ina Fried, in a blog post at
AllThingsD.

It could have been a one-sentence post: "Apple is expected to unveil its next
iPhone at a special event on Sept. 10, sources told AllThingsD." The rest is
basically filler. Fried didn't say how many sources or identify them in any way.

Veteran Apple watcher Jim Dalrymple, at his blog, The Loop, had a typically
laconic response to Fried's claim: "Yep."

In the past, the iPhone has been released one to two weeks after its
announcement.

Henceforth, the New iPhone will probably overshadow other historical events that
took place on September 10, including: 422 - St Celestine I begins his reign as
Catholic Pope; 1608 - John Smith elected president of Jamestown Virginia colony
council; 1776 - George Washington asks for a spy volunteer, Nathan Hale
volunteers; 1924 - Leopold & Loeb found guilty of murder; 2008 - the Large
Hadron Collider at CERN, described as the biggest scientific experiment in
history, is powered up in Geneva, Switzerland.

Researching the iOSphere reveals a range of analyses that shed light on how and
why Apple might price a lower-cost iPhone "5C." See "Pricing a low-cost iPhone:
How 'cheap' is cheap?"  iPhone 5S will have an improved processor, the A7 This
rumor has been kicking around since Apple announced the iPhone 5 last year with
the A6 chip. This time, a stock analyst is adding expectations and speculation
about what an "A7" chip will actually be like.

The analyst is Ming-Chi Kuo, of KGI, who predicts that the upcoming iPhone 5S
will have a new system-on-chip that will use ARM Ltd.'s latest instruction set,
faster memory, and be 20% more "efficient" than the A6.

Kuo's note to investors this week was picked by a range of tech sites, including
AppleInsider.The A6 was the first Apple SOC to have Apple-designed custom cores,
an architecture dubbed Swift, rather than using cores designed by ARM. From
AppleInsider: "Kuo believes Apple's upcoming A-series silicon to be based on the
latest ARMv8 architecture. In comparison, the A6 was built on a custom ARMv7
setup that doubled number crunching and graphics speeds, while shrinking die
size by 22 percent."

He expects that the new SOC will include faster memory, LPDDR3 RAM, compared to
the LPDDR2 in the A6. "The increased bandwidth will allow Apple to maintain a
relatively small amount of dedicated memory" though "Kuo expects the A7 to carry
the same 1GB of on-die RAM" as the A6.

Currently Apple's chips are 32-bit. "Kuo notes that there is no clear evidence
indicating whether the A7 will support 32-bit or 64-bit processes, but says he
'would not be surprised' to see 64-bit support this year."

Which is what stock analysts say instead of "I have no clue."

iPhone 5S revealed by Jimmy Lin Unless you're a fan of '90's Taiwanese pop music
or international car racing, or have a short memory, your reaction is probably
the same as The Rollup's: who the heck is Jimmy Lin?

He is, according to both CNET and the rather gushing Wikipedia entry, a
Taiwanese singer, actor, professional race crr driver, and entrepreneur. But his
real claim to fame for the iOSphere is that he gets his hands on Apple products
before they're announced.

Last September, shortly before the iPhone 5 announcement, he posted pictures of
himself using the phone, and listed a range of its features.

This week, CNET Asia found Lin's Weibo post that shows two photos of what appear
to be a plastic "iPhone 5C."

"If you have any doubts about the veracity of the iPhone 5C, well, put those
doubts to rest," CNET's Aloysius Low confidently assured readers. "Former teen
Mandopop idol and current race car driver Jimmy Lin has leaked it on the Chinese
version of Twitter, Weibo.

One photo has Lin holding up the phone, showing the back. Another compares the
white plastic 5C with a white iPhone 5.

The latter picture shows the plastic phone having, overall, the same size as the
iPhone 5, possibly a bit thicker. The body has rounded edges rather than the
flat metal banded sides of the most recent high-end phone models.

There you have it: straight from a Taiwanese singer, actor, professional race
car driver, and entrepreneur. And you can check one of his music videos.

iPhone 5S/6 flex cables "hint at fingerprint scanner" As is often the case in
the iOSphere, the headline promises more than the blogpost actually delivers.

The headline at USwitch: "Exclusive: iPhone 5S / iPhone 6 flex cables leak, hint
at fingerprint scanner."  According to USwitch's Jonathan Leggett, the UK-based
device repair service meandmyi.com sent a set of low-resolutions images of parts
purportedly from the iPhone 5S or 6.

There's no significant or at least noticeable changes in most of the parts
compared to their corresponding parts in the iPhone 5, according to Leggett,
though there's no indication that he has the technical background to actually
understand what he's looking at.

The one that does show a difference is the "flex cable for the home button."

"This features a much longer connector to the motherboard than before that could
mean that the button is being used to transmit data," Leggett says. Here's the
picture of the "new" flex cable for the iPhone home button. Sure enough, there's
a long cable.

And that could indeed mean Something.

"With that in mind, it's not a massive stretch to imagine that the home button
could indeed house the fingerprint scanner that tech-site rumours suggest will
be on board the handset," Leggett concludes. "And that's also tipped to feature
on future iPads and Apple's debut smartwatch. " This reminds the rollup of the
year-ago iOSphere thrill that "leaked" components showed that Apple was adding
an NFC chip to the upcoming iPhone 5, until someone who actually knew something
about components, and smartphones, pointed out that the component in question
could in no way be a NFC chip and was probably the "new touch and display
controller combination" to support the iPhone 5's expected new in-cell display
technology. [See "iPhone 5 will not have an NFC chip after all" in the August 31
Rollup.] The Rollup isn't a component expert either. But if you're expecting to
see a fingerprint sensor integrated with the home button, then any change to any
related component becomes "proof" of your expectation. Leggett would be on
stronger ground if he could actually explain why the longer cable is needed to
"carry data" and why it has to be longer to do so.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for "Network
World."Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 17, 2014

One iPhone 6, Different Prices

BYLINE: Prince Osuagwu

LENGTH: 618 words


There is arguably nowhere in the world that new mobile phones penetrate the
market faster than Nigeria. The news of a new mobile phone is received with
exhilaration which eventually spark off acquisition competition.

Nigerians buy phones for fun. While many enjoy the features and functionalities
of latest innovations, others buy for fashion and style, or even status symbol.

Device makers may have noticed this and apparently tilt prices depending on the
level of 'craze' users in different regions show towards the devices.

When the news filtered in that the just released Apple iPhone 6 was in the
making, many Nigerians had already started saving for it. This was irrespective
of having almost all the different series of the iPhone smartphone in their
possessions. Nobody wants to be with the outdated!

Incidentally, Nigerians were not the only iPhone users anticipating the release
of the device or showing 'craze' for it. Across Europe, Asia, Africa and even
the Americas, the iPhone frenzy was rife.

And boom! Last week, Apple not only released the much awaited iPhone 6, but
added a plus specification, the iphone6+. The devices are larger than the
regular iphone. They are also embedded with near field communications, NFC,
which Apple says offer a more secure and fingerprint-based way to pay for goods
and services.

Apple's claim of superior security features with the NFC threatens the credit
and debit cards and may render them redundant, if proven worthwhile.

According to Apple, with the NFC, users will be able to hold their phone on a
standard credit card reader, and the payment will be processed only when a
fingerprint is used to verify their identity. The company claims that, for the
first time, vendors will not see any details about the customer, such as their
name, address or credit card number.

However, a peep into Apple's online shop in US, lists the iPhone 6 at between
$199 and $399 and the Plus at $299-499. Of course those are carrier subsidised
prices, anyway.

But a close look reveals a fairly significant price differentiation in a number
of markets.

Apple's online store in Hong Kong only lists "prices starting at", presumably
for the 16GB versions. But both the 6 and 6 Plus - at HKD5,588 ($720) and
HKD6,388 ($825) - are $90-107 cheaper than in Australia, $70-95 lower than in
Singapore and $30-40 less than in Taiwan.

The iPhone 6 128GB version in Taiwan is $100 less than in Australia and $80 less
than Singapore. For the 16GB model, the difference narrows to $60-40. For the
top 6 Plus handset, which is going for at least $1,100 in the three markets,
prices in Australia and Singapore are almost the same but still about $60 more
than Taiwan. On the 16GB 6 Plus, the gap narrows to $65-55.

The Sydney Morning Herald lists the 6 at AUD869-1,129 ($810-1,050) and the 6
Plus goes for AUD999-1,249. Three memory options are offered: 16GB, 64GB and
128GB for the first time.

In Taiwan the Taipei Times reports the iPhone will be priced at TWD22,500-29,500
($750-950) while the 6 Plus will go for between TWD25,900 and TWD32,900.

The Straits Times in Singapore compiled a fantastic graphic comparing the 6 and
6 Plus and Apple Watch to four or five competitive offerings. Another page lists
prices at SGD988-1,288 ($790-1,030) for the 6 and SGD1,288-1,448 for the 6 Plus.

These are just a few tips to the price variations that users' craze for newer
versions of strong mobile brands can bring about.

Right now, pricing has not been released in Nigeria, where Apple has one of its
strongest authorised resellers, Core Group Africa. But the truth is that
Nigerian iPhone lovers wishing to have this new beaut, may just prepare to cough
out between N120,000 to 200,000 or even much more.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock Watch

                     December 2, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Android-device manufacturer OnePlus launches sandstone cases for iPhone 6/6S

BYLINE: Jonathan Clifford

LENGTH: 217  words


According to a 9to5Mac report, Chinese device manufacturer OnePlus - which has
launched three interesting Android-powered handsets thus far - has now created
an accessory for the Apple iPhone.

The report has revealed that the accessory which OnePlus is selling for the
iPhone - the biggest competitor of Android in the smartphone market - is a slick
sandstone case for two models of the handset --- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S cases being sold by OnePlus are priced at $19.99
(15.99). The cases come with the same Sandstone Black finish as one of the most
popular rear panels which is currently available for OnePlus' high-end flagship
handsets -- the OnePlus One and OnePlus 2.

Moreover, the OnePlus case for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S handsets also features the
manufacturer's logo as well as its motto, '#NeverSettle,' which is printed
inside the cases, alongside a "Get a grip" message.

In addition, the iPhone cases being offered by OnePlus also, strangely, come
with a OnePlus physical invite card, which allows buyers to purchase OnePlus'
latest mid-range handset -- the OnePlus X.

Technology (http://uncovercalifornia.com/business/technology)Apple
(http://uncovercalifornia.com/company/apple)

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 Manas Informatics, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

China lifts iPhone sales to an even higher level

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 249 words


Apple has smashed its iPhone sales record after selling 13 million of its newest
handsets in the first weekend after their launch (James Dean writes).

Sales of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus comfortably beat the record of ten million
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets sold during launch weekend - defined by Apple as
the first three days of sales - in September last year.

Unlike last year, China featured among iPhone launch countries this year. Daniel
Ives, a senior analyst with FBR Capital Markets, said that Chinese sales
appeared to be "white hot".

The iPhone is by far the biggest part of Apple's business, with sales accounting
for nearly two thirds of revenue in the most recent quarter.

Apple shares touched nearly $135 in April amid soaring optimism about iPhone 6
and 6 Plus sales. They were trading down by 1.5 per cent at $113 yesterday
afternoon.

IHS Technology predicts that Apple will sell 236 million iPhones this year, up
by nearly a quarter on last year. However, Ian Fogg, an IHS analyst, suggested
that Apple could have trouble sustaining momentum next year. "Apple is going to
have to find a way to reinvent the iPhone and it is hard to find something that
is radically new," he said.

During the launch weekend this year, Apple sold the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in 12
countries with a combined population in excess of two billion, according to Walt
Piecyk, of BTIG.

The upgraded iPhones feature touchscreens that detect how hard they are being
pressed, which opens up new ways of navigating.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers joined iPhone fans keen to get the latest
modelMIKAEL BUCK/O2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

SIM-free iPhone 6 to go on sale in US

SECTION: MOBILES, HAND-HELDS, PDAS, SMARTPHONES; Products/Brands/Services

LENGTH: 166 words



HIGHLIGHT: SIM- free models expected to cost between $649 and $949.


Apple is planning to sell SIM-free versions of its latest iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus models across the US, via the company's physical retail stores and online
store.

Presently, the phones are available only through contract, with the unlocked
version available on T-Mobile which works using different carriers. However,
users in the US cannot technically buy the latest phones SIM-free through
official channels in the country.

With the latest move, users will be able to buy iPhone 6 and 6 Plus without a
SIM-card which will enable them to use their phones all around the world using a
carrier of their choice, reported 9 to 5 Mac.

The price for SIM-free iPhones is expected to the same as that of T-Mobile
variants which ranges between $649 and $949 depending upon the screen size and
storage capacity.

Apple has already introduced SIM- free version of iPhones in other countries,
and in 2012 and 2013 the company sold unlocked version of iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S
two months after its initial launch.

LOAD-DATE: January 07, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Magid: Apple's new iPhone could be iPad killer

BYLINE: By Larry Magid for the Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; Personal Technology; News; Business; High-Tech;
Columnists; Opinion; Science and Tech; Columnists

LENGTH: 865 words


Samsung, Amazon, Google, Microsoft and numerous other companies have introduced
tablets to compete with Apple's iPad, but last week someone finally introduced
what could be the iPad killer.

That someone was Apple with its new iPhone 6 Plus. The phone's 5.5-inch screen
has a bit less screen real estate than the 7.9-inch iPad mini or 7-inch Android
tablets from Samsung and others, but unlike those tablets, the iPhone fits into
most pockets and, because its your phone, you're likely to have it with you
almost everywhere you go.

I don't yet have one of the new iPhones, but I do have a Samsung Galaxy S5,
which is a half-inch (diagonally) smaller than the 6 Plus and even that does a
pretty good job replacing a tablet. I do own an iPad mini, a full-sized iPad and
a couple of Android tablets, but I rarely use them since when I'm home or in a
hotel room I usually have my laptop handy and when I'm out and about, I always
have the phone and rarely bother to carry a tablet.

Given a choice, I'd prefer to read a book using the Kindle app on a tablet, but
I find myself doing most of my reading on my phone, simply because I always have
it with me. The convenience of having an entire library in my pocket outweighs
the minor annoyance of having to advance from page to page more often than if I
were reading on a larger screen. Admittedly, a tablet's on-screen keyboard is
bigger and better than a phone's, but -- given a choice -- I always opt for a
laptop or attach a physical keyboard. And while a phone is far from the ideal
platform to watch video, it's certainly possible. My daughter brings her 4-inch
screen iPhone with her to the gym on most days and is content watching Hulu on
its small screen to stave off boredom while she works out on the elliptical
machine.

While the 6 Plus is big as phones go, it's not the biggest on the market.
Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 and 4 are 5.7 inches and there are several Chinese
Android phones with 6 and even 7-inch displays.

OnePlus One oneplus.net ) is starting to develop a following because it offers
an unlocked large-screen (also 5.5 inches) phone for the same or less than
locked phones from Apple and Samsung. It has the same (1080 by 1920) resolution
as the new iPhone 6 Plus and also has an 8-megapixel camera with autofocus and
image stabilization, though -- regardless of resolution -- it's hard to beat
Apple's excellent cameras. It's not quite as thin as the 6 Plus (0.28 inches vs.
0.35 inches), but it's actually slightly lighter (5.71 ounces vs. 6.07). The
OnePlus One (unlocked) starts at $299 for 16GB and $349 for 64GB compared to
$300 for a locked 16 GB 6 Plus on a contract ($749 unlocked) and $400 for locked
64 GB model ($849 unlocked).

While much of the excitement at last Tuesday's Apple announcement focused on the
phones and the new Apple Watch, I was much more interested that Apple is now
including NFC ( near-field communication) on its new phones and is launching its
own Apple Pay payment service with support from Visa, MasterCard and American
Express and a large and impressive roster of brick-and-mortar and online
merchants including McDonald's, Subway, Whole Foods, Walgreens, Macy's and
Target.com .

McDonald's will even accept Apple Pay at its drive-through windows and if you
don't want to drive yourself, Uber will charge your ride to Apple Pay from
within its own app. Some worry about Apple's security, especially after those
nude celebrity photos were lifted from iCloud (due to passwords being
compromised, not a hack on Apple's servers), but Apple Pay and other reputable
mobile payment services are a lot more secure than credit or debit cards,
especially in the U.S. where most cards still don't have chips and don't yet
require a PIN (personal identification number), which means they can be cloned
or easily used if lost or stolen.

Apple Pay assigns a unique Device Account Number that's stored on a dedicated
chip in the iPhone. (Apple says "numbers are never stored on Apple servers") and
if you lose your phone you can disable payments from Apple's Find My iPhone
webpage.

Just as Apple's iPod wasn't the first digital music player, its iPhone is not
the first smartphone or the iPad is not the first tablet, Apple Pay isn't the
first mobile payment service. Google beat Apple to that market with Google
Wallet and Softcard (which recently changed its name from Isis for obvious
reasons) was launched last year with the support of AT&T, T-Mobile and Verizon
Wireless.

Neither Google Wallet nor Softcard have seen widespread adoption but,
ironically, Apple's entry into this field could help them by popularizing mobile
payments.

And because all three companies use the same NFC technology, together they will
encourage more merchants to employ NFC point-of-sale systems to accept payments
from any NFC-equipped phone.

If Apple can develop an ecosystem for mobile payments like it did for digital
music, it could be music to the ears of the entire digital payment industry by
legitimizing and popularizing a technology that, eventually, could make debit
and credit cards go the way of CDs.

Contact Larry Magid at larry@larrymagid.com Listen for his technology chats on
KCBS-AM (740) weekdays at 3:50 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CUPERTINO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: A member of the media inspects the new
iPhone 6 during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing
Arts on September 9, 2014 in Cupertino, California. Apple unveiled the Apple
Watch wearable tech and two new iPhones, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Photo
by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
The iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 plus are shown next to each other during a
new product release on Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP
Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Top Five things to Expect at the Apple Preview

LENGTH: 487  words


Apple is all set to reveal the new iPhone 6, the wearable that everyone wants to
know about and potentially successors for the iPad, MacBook Pro and Mac Desktop.
If WWDC was about software that got everyone excited, we can only imagine what
sort of excitement Apple's hardware is going to generate but it isn't in any
[...]
The post Top Five things to Expect at the Apple Preview appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Apple is all set to reveal the new iPhone 6, the wearable that everyone wants to
know about and potentially successors for the iPad, MacBook Pro and Mac Desktop.
If WWDC was about software that got everyone excited, we can only imagine what
sort of excitement Apple's hardware is going to generate but it isn't in any
safe spot yet. Expectations on the software giant are high and their security is
under scrutiny recently. That being said, Tim Cook's got a lot to show for, so
here's five things you can expect at tonight's preview.

The iPhone 6 in two different flavors

If the leaks, in several, are anything to go by, then you would have probably
learned everything about the new iPhone before it gets unveiled today. Leaks are
common place but the iPhone's leaks make it the worst kept secret about the
device that got an unofficial spec sheet and a look at the software.

People who have already revealed the device have specified that the new iPhone
runs noticeably faster. But how fast is fast? It's packed a new A8 processor
running at 2 GHz. The current iPhone 5s runs on a 1.3 GHZ A7 processor. Rumors
that aren't quite as much rumors indicate that the iPhone 6 will have two
different versions catering to a phablet market and mobile. The smaller variant,
the 4.7 inch will be called iPhone 6 and the 5.5 inch, the iPhone 6L. Both
devices have slimmed and curved edges and the biggest news it generated for a
while is that it now comes with Sapphire coated crystal displays.

We've seen videos how it resisted scratch marks and physical damage to an
extent. It's too early to say if this might be the best durable iPhone yet.
Hardware indicates that the rear camera will have a 10 MP resolution with a f
1.8 lens and if the patent they've recently filed holds true, then the iPhone 6
may be the first device of its kind to have interchangeable lenses. There's no
word, however if the smaller phone will have reduced specs.

Bigger phones mean better batteries and rightly so. The 5.5 inch has a 2,915 mAh
battery and the smaller device may well have a 1,900 mAh battery. Keep in mind
that the 5C has a 1,570 mAh battery. The charging cable is also rumored to be
reversible so it can be plugged in from both sides. This should end battery woes
for iPhone users but one can never be too sure.

Expect pricing to be around $800 for the 4.7 inch variant and a higher price
markup for the 5.5 inch a lot more, touching just about $1000

The post Top Five things to Expect at the Apple Preview appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 23, 2016 Sunday

After a month, users review Apple's iPhone 7, iOS 10

BYLINE: ERIK HOGSTROM erik.hogstrom@thmedia.com BY ERIK HOGSTROM
erik.hogstrom@thmedia.com

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 477 words


iPhone and iPad users have had a month to become accustomed to the iOS 10 system
upgrade for their devices, and the iPhone 7 smartphone debuted a month ago, too.

Bailey Theisen, 19, of La Motte, Iowa, has had iOS 10 on her iPhone 6 for more
than a month.

"It has a lot of cool updates," Theisen said. "I like all the new things with
messages. You can hold down the 'send' button and send it different ways."

Message senders have delivery options that include "loud," "gentle," "slam" and
"invisible ink."

iPhone users who updated to iOS 10 noticed one change immediately. Instead of
swiping the screen to unlock the phone, users must depress the start button.

Depress the button too long, though, and the voice-control app Siri appears.

Swiping a locked screen with iOS 10 now pulls up the smartphone's camera.

"I still do that sometimes," Theisen said.

Other changes in the operating system include additional emojis for messages and
a new interface for the native maps app.

Clarke University President Sister Joanne Burrows acquired an iPhone 7 when the
battery died on her previous smartphone, an iPhone 6.

"I don't know that I notice much of a difference," Burrows said of the new
device. "It's a little bit lighter and it's annoying that it's just enough
different that I can't put it in my iPhone 6 case. It's just another way for
them to make you buy something new."

Burrows has noticed there is a difference with photo quality of the iPhone 7's
camera.

"It's got an amazing camera," she said. "The pictures are clearer - you can just
see it."

iPhone 7 and 7 Plus came with faster processors and longer battery lives but
dispensed with the analog headphone jack that had been included on smartphones
for decades.

Burrows doesn't miss the headphone jack.

"They send you new earbuds that have the right jack and they include the adapter
for whatever other headphones you've got," she said.

Burrows said the longer battery life also means she doesn't need to use the
iPhone 7's jack for charging as much.

The iPhone 7 is Burrows' third version of the Apple smartphone.

"I had an Android to start with, but then the folks here said, 'You really to
get an iPhone.'"

Hannah Thorson, Clarke's web and social media manager, has an iPhone 6 and
upgraded to iOS 10.

"I personally love the iMessage," Thorson said. "I like the ability to interact
with group messages. You can 'like' certain messages or 'laugh' at them."

iMessage also now boasts a "handwritten" feature: Users tap on the iMessage text
field, then turn the device in Landscape mode to reveal a blank page with
pre-written options or users can write their own "handwritten" messages.

"I like that there are new emojis but some of them have changed - the looks of
them have changed," Thorson said. "I also use the notes app a lot. Now, you are
able to share and collaborate with other people, like you can share a grocery
list."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: PHONE HOME; KATIE CINCOTTA

SECTION: A; Pg. C008

LENGTH: 294  words


Apple adds wow factor to iPhone 6 Plus PHONE HOME KATIE CINCOTTA Curvy: The
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

A pple has caught up to the phablet trend set by Android phones and is
showcasing how bigger is better for screen size, processing, photography and
battery power. After two weeks with Apple's voluptuous handset, I can say this
phone is built to hypnotise - its curves are in all the right places; super thin
but wide at 5.5 well- rounded inches, with tough Gorilla glass and a
401-pixel-per-inch Retina HD display.

There are some premium Android phones to match the wow factor of the iPhone, but
none that has the photographic advancements of a five-element lens with a
sapphire crystal cover, auto focus that doesn't require you to touch the screen,
and slo-mo video at 240 frames a second. If iPhone could introduce Android's
share functionality to load photos and posts to your networks, it would attain
perfection.

Apple may have finally conquered battery life, the Plus staying juiced beyond 24
hours.

Even hammering it on social media and video, it still only needed charging every
second day. The speed of the 64-bit A8 chip and 4G LTE on this device is
astonishing.

Moving across the screen feels so fast and smooth it's slippery.

Yes, there are negatives. Folks who want to keep their phone in the back jeans
pocket will hate the Plus size, which hangs out the top. And it's not waterproof
like the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Sony Xperia Z2.

The NFC promise of tap-and-pay isn't coming to Australia until 2015 and will be
locked to Apply Pay. But if you can live with those drawbacks and can afford the
designer pricing, iPhone 6 Plus is a stunner.

iPhone 6 Plus 128GB model, RRP $1249.

Katie Cincotta travelled to Sydney as a guest of Apple for the iPhone 6 launch.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


       Copyright 2014 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

Apple looks to new iPhone to revive sales;
Analysts wonder if the device will come with enough fresh features to excite
customers.

BYLINE: Tracey Lien

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business Desk; Part C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1014 words

DATELINE:  SAN FRANCISCO


There's nothing a new iPhone can't fix. At least that's been true in the past
for Apple Inc., which has for years used its marquee product to smash sales
records, renew consumer excitement and reinforce its place as the most valuable
company in the world.

But after Apple sales slumped this year for the first time in 13 years, analysts
and industry experts are questioning whether the iPhone 7 -- which Apple is
expected to announce Wednesday in San Francisco -- will stimulate growth like
its predecessors.

"The big question for the industry is whether this upgrade cycle will offer
enough features and functionality to get consumers to go to the next version of
the iPhone," said Daniel Ives, senior vice president of corporate development at
mobile tech firm Synchronoss Technologies. "Consumers used to upgrade their
smartphones every 2.5 years, but now we're seeing an elongated upgrade cycle."

Analysts predict that the new iPhone line won't be revolutionary -- its sizes,
shapes and design are expected to closely resemble the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus. But customers can look forward to an improved "home" button and a dual
lens camera, which would give the iPhone camera better low-light capabilities
and improved depth of field.

"They're going to be attacking the highest end of the photography market," said
Horace Dediu, an analyst and fellow at the Clayton Christensen Institute think
tank. "Apple more or less vanquished point-and-shoot cameras with the iPhone 5,
so now we're moving into higher performance."

Another change that has kept the rumor mill churning is the predicted
disappearance of the 3.5-millimeter earphone jack. Industry insiders surmise
that Apple will replace its standard earphones with ones that plug into the
company's proprietary lightning port, which doubles as a charging outlet. Or
they may forgo the cord completely -- a shift that could nudge the entire
industry toward Bluetooth earphones.

Such a transition could be good news for Beats, the headphone company Apple
acquired in 2014 for $3 billion, because it's well-positioned to sell headphones
compatible with Apple's technology.

"There are companies now making wireless in-ear earbuds that have biometric
sensors in them, so it could lead to a big leap in functionality," said Dan
Ward, co-founder of mobile app development firm Detroit Labs. "Apple has focused
a lot on health and wellness, so it might open up an entirely new product
opportunity."

The loss of the jack could also shave millimeters off future phones, leading to
slimmer, lighter products.

The change is likely to upset some customers, though, who have already shelled
out for wired headphones from third-party vendors such as Bose and Sennheiser
that promise improved sound quality. If the predictions are right, they'll need
to switch models or use an adapter.

In a survey that customer-acquisition firm Fluent conducted in late August with
a sample of 1,735 adults, 64% said the loss of the headphone jack was a drawback
rather than an improvement because they already own non-Apple headphones that
use the jack.

"It bums me out," said Russ Frushtick, 32, a New York video producer.

Though he has used iPhones since the iPhone 3, Frushtick has eschewed Apple
headsets for a pair of wired earphones from Bose. "The headphones that come
packed in with iPhones are designed to be nice enough and good enough for people
who don't really care about sound quality," he said.

If the iPhone 7 rumors are true, Frushtick would have to use an adapter with his
current pair, or he'd have to invest in a wireless pair, which doesn't interest
him.

"I already have a full slate of devices I have to charge every evening," he
said. "I don't want to add headphones to that list."

Others have also expressed disappointment at the rumored news, which could mark
the end of users conveniently using the same pair of earphones between their
laptops, iPhones and other audio devices.

Still, though backlash is inevitable whenever companies announce change, Ives
said Apple hasn't yet taken a wrong step with iPhone.

The decline in phone sales has less to do with lack of consumer confidence, and
more to do with market maturity, said Ives, who notes that the smartphone market
in the U.S. has become saturated. Many customers aren't upgrading because
they're happy with their older phone models, which, although good from a
customer-satisfaction standpoint, doesn't bode well for Apple's bottom line.

The iPhone accounted for 64.9% of Apple's revenue in its fiscal second quarter
this year and 56.7% in its third quarter. During its third quarter last year,
iPhones accounted for 63% of the company's revenue.

Apple released a lower-cost, 4-inch iPhone this year called the iPhone SE in a
bid to win market share in developing countries, the results of which are yet to
be seen. But in markets such as the U.S. and Europe, the premium line of iPhones
such as the iPhone 6 and, soon, the iPhone 7, remains the company's cash cow.

As the smartphone market matures, Apple must persuade existing customers to fork
out the money for an upgrade or to make the switch from Android devices, which
is no small feat, considering that Android phone makers such as Samsung have in
recent years offered premium products such as the Samsung Galaxy S to compete
with the iPhone. (Samsung now faces its own challenges after issuing a recall of
its flagship phone amid reports of the phone's battery catching fire during
charging.)

With strong competition from Samsung, a crowded smartphone market and customers
increasingly pleased with the gadgets they already own, investors are
understandably nervous about Apple's growth prospects. The company's stock took
a 5.4% hit in January after it first reported revenue growth slowing and iPhone
sales stagnating.

Still, many are banking on the iPhone 7 reinvigorating the market.

"If you look at Apple's track record, the bets they've made have usually paid
off," Ives said. "There's careful innovation and development behind everything
they do, and that's why they are who they are."

--

tracey.lien@latimes.com

Twitter: @traceylien

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: IN THE U.S., the premium line of iPhones such as the iPhone 6
and, soon, the iPhone 7, remains Apple's cash cow. Above, Apple's logo at a
conference in June.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gabrielle Lurie AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Mark Chediak; Bloomberg News

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 279 words


SAN FRANCISCO | Facing an Internet outcry about their malleability, Apple's new
iPhones proved fit for daily use, and difficult to bend, in lab tests run by
Consumer Reports magazine.

Stress tests on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, along with comparable smartphones from
competitors, showed that it took "significant force" to damage any of the
devices, Consumer Reports said in results of a study published on its website.
HTC Corp.'s HTC One M8 and Samsung Electronics's Galaxy Note 3 were among the
other devices.

"All the phones we tested showed themselves to be pretty tough," the report
said. "We expect that any of these phones should stand up to typical use."

Following uproar in social media including claims the new iPhone 6 Plus bends if
it's sat upon or if enough pressure is placed on it, Apple has said bending of
its devices is "extremely rare." Only nine customers had contacted Apple about a
bent iPhone 6 Plus, the Cupertino, California-based company said in a Sept. 25
statement.

The iPhone 6 Plus began to deform after 90 pounds of force was applied and the
iPhone 6 stood up to pressure until 70 pounds was applied, the same as the HTC
One M8, according to Consumer Reports. The Galaxy Note 3 was damaged at 150
pounds. All devices withstood 55 pounds, the force needed to break three
pencils, the magazine said.

"Bear in mind that it took significant force to do this kind of damage to all
these phones," Consumer Reports said. "Both iPhones seem tougher than the
Internet fracas implies."

The iPhone 6 Plus, a 5.5-inch screen device, which is the biggest smartphone in
Apple's lineup, became available for sale last week, along with the other new
model, the iPhone 6.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     August 27, 2014 Wednesday 11:31 AM GMT

iPhone 6: Leaked photo confirms launch date and changes to controls on Apple's
new device;
A picture of the next-generation smartphone's instruction sheet appears to
confirm both the date it'll be launched and a change to the iPhone's buttons

BYLINE: By Mikey Smith

SECTION: NEWS,TECHNOLOGY & SCIENCE,TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 327 words


New leaked photos of the iPhone 6 instruction sheet appear to confirm the date
on which Apple will launch the new smartphone, and details of changes to its
controls.

The pictures show a card similar to the one included in the packaging of
previous iPhones features a diagram of the device's front panel, with its screen
locked, and were posted online by French tech rumours website nowhereelse.fr.

The date on the screen - which has signified the date and time of hardware or
iOS launch events in previous versions - reads 9.41am, Wednesday, 9th September.

That date matches earlier rumours about the date of the iPhone 6 launch event.
Apple launch events usually begin at around 9am in San Francisco.

The diagram also appears to confirm that the lock button has moved from the top
of the device to its right hand side, just above the sim drawer.

This is consistent with some previously leaked images, which showed a button on
that side of the phone.

One diagram claiming to have been leaked from inside the Chinese factory
constructing the iPhone 6, showed both a button on the side and one on the upper
left of the casing.

However, it has been suggested that this schematic may have shown a prototype
model, and other leaked photos have shown no upper button at all.

The  iPhone  6 is expected to feature a new super-fast WiFi chip and an improved
Touch ID fingerprint sensor.

It will also feature  Apple's  next generation A8 processor, which should give
the  smartphone a huge performance boost, according to reports.

Apple's new device is also expected to have a vastly improved camera, with a
13-megapixel sensor provided by  Sony .

It's thought the 4.7" iPhone 6 will hit stores as soon as a week or two after
it's unveileled in September. The widely expected 5.5" version could be released
later either due to manufacturing delays or as a deliberate move to prevent
comptetition between models.

Will you be buying the iPhone 6 on launch day?

iphone 6 rumors

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                        July 6, 2015 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6s May Have A 12MP Rear Camera And A 5MP Front Shooter

LENGTH: 271  words


A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus

Monday, July 06, 2015: By now, we all know that Apple is working on a new
metal-clad iPhone, called iPhone 6S. The smartphone will, reportedly, target the
budget segment smartphone owners. A lot is being speculated about the device
already. A latest report about iPhone 6S reveals that Apple will fit a 12 MP
rear-facing camera and a 5MP front-facing shooter in the smartphone.

It should be noted that Apple had launched the last generation iPhones, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6Plus in the month of September last year. Going by the
company's timing, the latest launch date seems to be approaching fast, and the
Cupertino-based company is reportedly gearing up for the launch.

A fresh document has been leaked, which reveals the latest specifications of
iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus. The information in the documents leaked by a
Foxconn employee states that the upcoming iPhone could features a 12MP rear
camera with the ability of 4K video recording and 240 fps slow-motion video
recording. With the upcoming 5Mp front shooter, Apple seems to be taking the
selfie smartphone market seriously.

Within Foxconn, who is the manufacturing the devices, the iPhone 6S is known as
N66 while the iPhone 6S Plus is called the N71. Both the devices are expected to
feature a 2GB RAM and run on Apple's new A9 chip. Apple will reportedly use the
ForceTouch display, that provides additional menu of options. Along with the
stronger aluminium body, the company might introduce the upcoming smartphones in
Pink or Rose Gold colour variants.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2015 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 11, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus start selling on eBay at more than 1 INR lakh

LENGTH: 160  words


One day ahead of the official launch of the Apple Iphone 6, iPhone Plus, we
spotted one seller on eBay online retail store selling two upcoming handsets at
INR 1,47,000. Now multiple sellers have propped up on eBay selling the handset
at a premium price.

[Authentication of the sellers cannot be verified. We advise readers to wait for
Apple Inc. to launch the handsets in India before hitting the purchase button.
The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will officially launch in India on the 17th
October and is expected to come for sale after that.]

The handsets come via multiple sellers who are offering the handset at anywhere
above INR 80,000, going up to INR 1,12,000 in the store.

iPhone 6 is going to come up for order in US tomorrow after which next month it
will come to India. The handset this time if expected to be priced at a lower
price point (with contract). We will soon bring you expected prices of the
handset in India. Stay Tuned to DailyBhaskar.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    February 18, 2015 Wednesday 7:01 AM GMT

NatWest and RBS launch access to accounts at the touch of a finger;
Banks' new app will allow customers with iPhones 5S and later secure access to
their accounts using Apple's Touch ID

BYLINE: Patrick Collinson and Samuel Gibbs

SECTION: MONEY

LENGTH: 324 words


Customers of NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer have to remember
their passwords and be able to access their bank accounts online with just a
touch of their fingerprint - but only if they have an Apple iPhone.

From 19 February, NatWest and RBS customers with an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will be able to access their bank account online using Apple's
Touch ID fingerprint sensor, in what the bank claims is a first in Britain.

Apple's fingerprint sensor - a detection ring built in to the home button - was
introduced in 2013, and has quickly proven to be one of the best fingerprint
scanning implementations available. Now present on the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3, Touch ID allows users to securely unlock their
devices and authenticate purchases via iTunes or the App Store with just their
finger or thumb, removing the need to constantly enter in their passwords.

The list of third-party apps adopting Touch ID to secure their contents or
authenticate purchases has expanded in recent months with apps including
Evernote and Dropbox, password managers such as LastPass and 1Password, and
shops such as Amazon all now supporting the fingerprint sensor.

A spokesman for RBS NatWest said: "Never has banking for UK customers been more
at their fingertips, or fingerprints. RBS and NatWest customers will be the
first of any UK-based bank to be able to log in to their mobile banking app
using only their fingerprint. The technology recognises customers' unique finger
print so they don't have to remember a tricky login passcode."

RBS said nearly half of its 15 million customers actively use online banking,
with more than 3 million customers using the mobile app every week. It estimates
that it has around 1.8 million active iPhone users, of which 880,000 use an
iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 plus. It says 167,000 customers use the banking
app each day on their way to work between 7am and 8am.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                       January 4, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone Recovery Tool Now Is Introduced To Recover Lost iPhone Data

LENGTH: 439  words


Monday, January 04, 2016: The iPhone recovery tool is now being introduced to
recover lost iPhone data for users

The aim of the company is to help all users in the fast recovery of a deleted
data brought by any unexpected incident.

Dr. Fone for iOS and iFonemate are the two of the iPhone data recovery
software's that can be found on the site. These are both functional in the
recovery of all lost data. The former is the most professional and most popular
one that enables the recovery of lost data from iPad, iPod Touch and iPhone.
This is also useful in the retrieval of lost data from iCloud backup or iTunes
backup. Almost seventeen types of data such as notes, contacts, photos, messages
and more are recovered by the software.

Among the key features of the tool include of the compatibility with iTunes
12.2.1, Windows 10, iPhone 6 Plus New Icon and iPhone 6, selectively recover and
preview data, recovery of data from iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, iPod Touch 4 and iPad
1, iMessage or Freely read recovered text and quick fix iPhone operating system.

As per the system requirements of the tool, these include of Windows 8.1, 8.7,
XP, Vista for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit and Mac OS X 10.10, 10.9, 10.7,
10.6 and 10.8 for thirty-two bit and sixty-four bit. The recovery tool is easy
and convenient to use and has gone through a series of tests. The lost messages
from the Facebook Messenger are only recovered by the use of iOS device recovery
mode.

The recovery tool has its set of advantages such as a well-organized and simple
interface, fast recovery of lost data and preview of lost data.

The iFoneMate also belongs to the iPhone recovery tool and is capable of
recovering messages, notes, contacts, reminders, WeChat Messages, WeChat
Contacts, Notes, calendar messages, Safari Bookmark and WhatsApp. There is also
a chance to extract notes and contacts from iCloud backup or iTunes to iPad,
iPod Touch and iPhone.

As per the highlights of the recovery tool include of the retrieval of thirteen
types of data from the iCloud backup or iTunes, recovery of notes and contacts
to iPod Touch, iPad, iPhone, recovery of lost data due to virus infection,
deletion and any other circumstance, support of iOS devices such as iPhone 6s
Plus/6S, versatile file preview, file filter options and file search and
compatibility with iOS 9.

The advantages include of a free version available for users. This is also a
simple to useful recovery tool and this supports the most updated iOS 9 and
iPhone 6/6 Plus and iOS 9.

It is expected that more users will be interested in using the iPhone data
recovery software for their ease and convenience.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple's 'bendgate' and software glitches knocked it down, but it will get up
again: Despite internet chatter, sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus dwarf reported
problems

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 991 words


Tim Cook's smiling face was splashed on the cover of Bloomberg's Businessweek
magazine on Monday. Inside, Apple's chief executive enthused about the launch
this month of new, bigger iPhones and the iWatch. One suspects, however, that
his grin had disappeared by the end of this week.

First, reports surfaced on social media suggesting that the thinner iPhone 6 and
the slightly larger iPhone 6 Plus could be bent in trouser pockets. Actual
numbers of people affected by, for instance, inadvertently sitting on their
mobiles were not forthcoming. But the discussion spread worldwide, amplified by
a video in which one blogger managed to bend the large iPhone 6 Plus, apparently
using only his hands. "Bendgate" became an internet meme, even meriting
discussion on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

To add to its hardware hassles, Apple then created a hassle of its own on
Wednesday when it issued a minor software update for its iPhones and iPads to
tidy up after the release on 17 September of its annual major iOS update.

However, the 8.0.1 revisions killed mobile connectivity and the
fingerprint-operated unlocking system on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Other devices
were unaffected, but Apple apologised for the "great inconvenience" and released
8.0.2 yesterday to fix the problems. It said only 40,000 owners had been
affected.

By midweek, Apple seemed to be spiralling into a publicity black hole. It was
reminiscent of the furore that followed the September 2012 launch of its Maps
product, which had substandard coverage of many parts of the world; or the
release in 2010 of the iPhone 4, which lost connectivity if you held it
left-handed, blocking its external antenna. With the latter, Steve Jobs, the
Apple co-founder, cut short his holiday to hold a press conference. He insisted
the problems were overblown, but offered iPhone 4 owners a free protective case
to reduce the problem.

Cook's Apple is a different beast from Jobs', though. With Maps, Cook penned an
apology and fired the executives responsible. This time round, Apple has
apologised for the software update but has hit back at claims that the phones
could be bent by normal use. It said that just nine people had complained about
their phones bending. It was not clear what those owners had done, but the
industrial aluminium alloy used to make the devices is one of the strongest
available, from a formula also used in bridges and cranes.

The iPhone 6 Plus, dubbed a "phablet" because it is a hybrid of the tablet and
the smartphone with its 5.5 inch screen, might bend if you sit with it in a
front or back pocket. However, as Apple showed journalists at the testing
facility near its Cupertino headquarters this week, it is tested for precisely
that scenario - and worse. "It's extremely rare (for bending) to happen in real
world use," Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, said.

The nine complaints are dwarfed by the 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones sold in
their first three days on sale in just 10 countries. The question remains,
however, whether this week's welter of bad news will damage Apple. So far, the
financial community doubts there will be a long-term impact. No analyst is
downgrading estimates of how many handsets Apple will sell after this week.
Having sold 51m phones in the 2013 Christmas quarter, some think the figure
could hit 60m for the final quarter of 2014, with the 6 Plus doing particularly
well in China.

"Like any new consumer technology product, the iPhones and software therein come
with issues that are revealed in the days following a release," said Kevin
Restivo, of research company IDC. "Like the iPhone 4 antenna issues that
affected few users, the iOS 8 update and bending phone problem will soon be
forgotten."

In fact, Restivo added, "when competitors pounce on Apple for minor though
pertinent issues, it only serves to reinforce the iPhone maker's leadership
position."

Francisco Jeronimo, IDC's smartphone analyst, chimed in: "This is particularly
true when the device sets record sales. All devices have problems. Some are more
exposed due to their volumes."

Indeed, Apple is not the only company that has had problems with its phones, nor
even with its phones bending in use. Sony and Samsung have experienced the
latter. But because Apple chooses to attract as much attention to its device
launches as possible, and because those devices sell in large numbers, they are
the object of focused attention - by users, rivals and those who dislike Apple.

Under that microscope, any flaw becomes a reason that this time, finally, Apple
will fail. In 2010, it was the antenna; in 2012, the Maps software; in 2013,
claims the new TouchID system could be "spoofed" by laser-printing your
fingerprint on to a transparency film. Yet none has stopped it selling more and
more handsets, and grabbing more share of the mobile phone market's sales.

As Ross Rubin of Reticle Research told the Associated Press, the iPhone 6 Plus
is "a large, thin device. That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly,
but it's still an electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be
treated as such."

Apple's stock fell sharply on Thursday from a high of $102.87, just short of its
all-time high of $103.30, to begin trading just below $100 early yesterday.
However, analysts still expect Apple to perform strongly.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of US-based
financial researcher BTIG.

"It's too early to say what the impact's going to be (of the hardware and
software problems), but it does not appear to be something that would impact the
company's ability to deliver on earnings."

Cook might be smiling again when Apple announces its quarterly results next
month. But this week has been a reminder that Apple's position is not
unassailable.

Captions:

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on sale in Tokyo. Some analysts think Apple
will sell 60m phones in the final quarter of 2014 Photograph: Yoshikazu
Tsuno/AFP/Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

Apple's 'bendgate' and software glitches knocked it down, but it will get up
again: Despite internet chatter, sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus dwarf reported
problems

BYLINE: Charles Arthur

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 991 words


Tim Cook's smiling face was splashed on the cover of Bloomberg's Businessweek
magazine on Monday. Inside, Apple's chief executive enthused about the launch
this month of new, bigger iPhones and the iWatch. One suspects, however, that
his grin had disappeared by the end of this week.

First, reports surfaced on social media suggesting that the thinner iPhone 6 and
the slightly larger iPhone 6 Plus could be bent in trouser pockets. Actual
numbers of people affected by, for instance, inadvertently sitting on their
mobiles were not forthcoming. But the discussion spread worldwide, amplified by
a video in which one blogger managed to bend the large iPhone 6 Plus, apparently
using only his hands. "Bendgate" became an internet meme, even meriting
discussion on BBC Radio 4's Today programme.

To add to its hardware hassles, Apple then created a hassle of its own on
Wednesday when it issued a minor software update for its iPhones and iPads to
tidy up after the release on 17 September of its annual major iOS update.

However, the 8.0.1 revisions killed mobile connectivity and the
fingerprint-operated unlocking system on the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Other devices
were unaffected, but Apple apologised for the "great inconvenience" and released
8.0.2 yesterday to fix the problems. It said only 40,000 owners had been
affected.

By midweek, Apple seemed to be spiralling into a publicity black hole. It was
reminiscent of the furore that followed the September 2012 launch of its Maps
product, which had substandard coverage of many parts of the world; or the
release in 2010 of the iPhone 4, which lost connectivity if you held it
left-handed, blocking its external antenna. With the latter, Steve Jobs, the
Apple co-founder, cut short his holiday to hold a press conference. He insisted
the problems were overblown, but offered iPhone 4 owners a free protective case
to reduce the problem.

Cook's Apple is a different beast from Jobs', though. With Maps, Cook penned an
apology and fired the executives responsible. This time round, Apple has
apologised for the software update but has hit back at claims that the phones
could be bent by normal use. It said that just nine people had complained about
their phones bending. It was not clear what those owners had done, but the
industrial aluminium alloy used to make the devices is one of the strongest
available, from a formula also used in bridges and cranes.

The iPhone 6 Plus, dubbed a "phablet" because it is a hybrid of the tablet and
the smartphone with its 5.5 inch screen, might bend if you sit with it in a
front or back pocket. However, as Apple showed journalists at the testing
facility near its Cupertino headquarters this week, it is tested for precisely
that scenario - and worse. "It's extremely rare (for bending) to happen in real
world use," Phil Schiller, Apple's head of marketing, said.

The nine complaints are dwarfed by the 10m iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones sold in
their first three days on sale in just 10 countries. The question remains,
however, whether this week's welter of bad news will damage Apple. So far, the
financial community doubts there will be a long-term impact. No analyst is
downgrading estimates of how many handsets Apple will sell after this week.
Having sold 51m phones in the 2013 Christmas quarter, some think the figure
could hit 60m for the final quarter of 2014, with the 6 Plus doing particularly
well in China.

"Like any new consumer technology product, the iPhones and software therein come
with issues that are revealed in the days following a release," said Kevin
Restivo, of research company IDC. "Like the iPhone 4 antenna issues that
affected few users, the iOS 8 update and bending phone problem will soon be
forgotten."

In fact, Restivo added, "when competitors pounce on Apple for minor though
pertinent issues, it only serves to reinforce the iPhone maker's leadership
position."

Francisco Jeronimo, IDC's smartphone analyst, chimed in: "This is particularly
true when the device sets record sales. All devices have problems. Some are more
exposed due to their volumes."

Indeed, Apple is not the only company that has had problems with its phones, nor
even with its phones bending in use. Sony and Samsung have experienced the
latter. But because Apple chooses to attract as much attention to its device
launches as possible, and because those devices sell in large numbers, they are
the object of focused attention - by users, rivals and those who dislike Apple.

Under that microscope, any flaw becomes a reason that this time, finally, Apple
will fail. In 2010, it was the antenna; in 2012, the Maps software; in 2013,
claims the new TouchID system could be "spoofed" by laser-printing your
fingerprint on to a transparency film. Yet none has stopped it selling more and
more handsets, and grabbing more share of the mobile phone market's sales.

As Ross Rubin of Reticle Research told the Associated Press, the iPhone 6 Plus
is "a large, thin device. That's not to say customers should treat it gingerly,
but it's still an electronic product and it's an investment, and it should be
treated as such."

Apple's stock fell sharply on Thursday from a high of $102.87, just short of its
all-time high of $103.30, to begin trading just below $100 early yesterday.
However, analysts still expect Apple to perform strongly.

"Earnings is what drives the stock the most," said Walter Piecyk of US-based
financial researcher BTIG.

"It's too early to say what the impact's going to be (of the hardware and
software problems), but it does not appear to be something that would impact the
company's ability to deliver on earnings."

Cook might be smiling again when Apple announces its quarterly results next
month. But this week has been a reminder that Apple's position is not
unassailable.

Captions:

Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on sale in Tokyo. Some analysts think Apple
will sell 60m phones in the final quarter of 2014 Photograph: Yoshikazu
Tsuno/AFP/Getty

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

Apple CEO Cook goes from record sales to iPhone stumbles

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1044 words


Apple Inc. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook called the introduction of the
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus over the weekend the "best launch ever." He may have spoken
too soon.

Just three days after announcing that Apple had sold a record 10 million new
iPhones over the opening weekend, Cook was faced with multiple snafus related to
the bigger-screen handsets. The company pulled a new mobile-software update,
dubbed iOS 8.0.1, after the program caused some people to lose cellular service
yesterday, and promised a fix soon. Scores of consumers also took to social
media to criticize the 6 Plus and how it can bend if sat on or if enough
pressure is placed upon it.

The stumbles blemished what had been a carefully choreographed product unveiling
that was meant to put Cook's stamp on Apple. Executives at the Cupertino,
California-based company had for months teased the introduction of the new
iPhones before finally debuting them on Sept. 9. The devices had spurred a
frenzy of demand, with pre-orders topping 4 million, the record weekend sales
and a thriving gray market for the smartphones in China and elsewhere.

Now Cook's rollout of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is marred, recalling incidents
that the CEO has faced with other product debuts. Last year, Cook apologized for
the iPhone's warranty and repair policies in China after receiving criticism
from state- run media over customer service in the market. In 2012, Cook also
said he was sorry for Apple's malfunctioning mapping software, which was faulted
for misguided directions and inaccurate landmark locations.

Better Handle

"I just wish that Tim Cook had a better handle on things," said Jason Nochimson,
34, an iPhone 6 owner who spent 2 1/2 hours on Apple's customer support line
after downloading the software upgrade yesterday and finding it stopped his
cellular service. "I was worried that my daughter's school was going to call me
today and I wasn't going to be able to get them."

Apple said in an e-mailed statement that it has devised a workaround for iPhone
6 users who lost voice service or other features. Users can reinstall the
previous version of iOS to restore past functionality and Apple plans to release
a new version of the operating system, iOS 8.0.2, in the next few days.

"We apologize for the great inconvenience experienced by users," Apple said in
the statement.

The new iPhones are crucial to Apple. The devices generate more than half of the
company's annual $171 billion in revenue and precede a swath of other products,
including new iPads, an Apple Watch and a mobile-payments system called Apple
Pay.

Sales Momentum

Yet while Cook deals with consumer criticism over his handling of the iPhone
rollout, the issues may have little impact on Apple's sales. Demand for the new
handsets has the company poised to sell more than 61 million iPhones in the
December quarter, surpassing last year's record 51 million sold, according to
Barclays.

Sales are also set to pick up -- not decelerate -- as the new iPhones become
available in more countries. On Sept. 19, the first day the handsets went on
sale in stores, Apple rolled them out in 10 countries. The company is set to
introduce the gadgets in another 22 countries on Sept. 26. In total, the iPhones
will be in 115 countries by the end of the year, Apple has said.

"It will do nothing, I don't suspect it will dampen any demand," said Tim
Bajarin, an analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., about concerns over bending
phones and iOS problems.

Apple shares fell 0.9 percent to $100.83 in trading before U.S. exchanges
opened, after closing at $101.75 in New York yesterday. The stock is up 27
percent this year.

Second Thoughts

Still, some consumers are thinking twice about buying the devices in the wake of
yesterday's snafus. After having problems with Apple's new software upgrade to
his old iPhone, James Zahrt, a customer since 1989, decided to put off a new
smartphone purchase.

"I was going to order one immediately" but now "I'm going to wait," said Zahrt,
58, of Mt. Prospect, Illinois, who's had troubles with his iPhone 4s's alarm
clock working properly since downloading Apple's iOS 8 software last week. "I
think the bugs need to be worked out on this thing."

The popular tide turned against the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus earlier this week
when reports began emerging that the 5.5-inch screen larger model was bending
when people sat on it. Rivals including BlackBerry Inc. Chief Executive Officer
John Chen took a jab at the iPhone yesterday, saying he "would challenge you
guys to bend our Passport" device.

Software Surprise

That was followed by reports from users yesterday that the iOS 8 software
upgrade, which had been issued to address previous software bugs and add the
health and fitness-monitoring application HealthKit, was causing some customers
to experience dropped cell service.

Nochimson, the customer who spent 2 1/2 hours on the phone with Apple customer
service yesterday, said his representative was unaware there would be a software
update.

"He told me that he was not made aware that Apple was releasing 8.0.1 today,"
Nochimson said. "It was a shock to him that that happened. He said typically
when they do software updates they know about it days in advance so they're
ready for it."

Frustrations about iOS 8 had been mounting even before yesterday, with user
complaints that their devices' battery life seemed to have dwindled after
downloading the software, along with data showing applications were more likely
to crash with the operating system. According to Crittercism Inc., an analytics
firm, iOS 8 causes apps to crash about 3.3 percent of the time, or 67 percent
more than last year's version.

While glitches aren't unusual for software updates, Apple attracts more
attention, said Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester Research.

"Apple is a bit of lightning rod or a focus because as a company, they inspire a
lot of positive and negative passion and also because they are now this company
with a global brand and global reach," he said.

To contact the reporters on this story: Tim Higgins in San Francisco at
thiggins21bloomberg.net; Adam Satariano in San Francisco at
asatariano1bloomberg.net To contact the editors responsible for this story:
Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13bloomberg.net Reed Stevenson, Aaron Clark

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about iOS 8 at the Apple
Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco. Apple has stopped providing an
update to its new iOS 8 mobile operating software, following complaints by some
users who said that the update interferes with their ability to make phone
calls.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 27, 2014 Saturday

First du iPhone 6 customer gets 6 phones for 1

LENGTH: 560 words


Free iPhone 6 units - including a staggering five on-the-house devices for
Customer No.1.

Osman Sultan with the first six customers of du for the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
during the launch event at midnight on Saturday.- KT photo by Alvin R. Cabral

Dubai - As early as before 6pm on Friday, Apple fans queued at the du shop at
its head offices in Dubai Internet City, waiting and wanting to be the first to
get their hands on Apple's new devices.

The reward for the real early birds? Free iPhone 6 units - including a
staggering five on-the-house devices for Customer No.1.

Du Saturday officially launched the Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at midnight on
Saturday to a throng of excited and anxious customers - an undertaking which
went well into the wee hours of the morning.

At exactly 12:00am, Osman Sultan, chief executive officer of du - together with
other senior officials from the company - handed out the first units of the new
iPhones to du customers who had pre-booked.

Amid the frenzy of the night, an Emirati man was the brightest star: he was the
first in line and for his efforts, was rewarded by du with five free iPhones
aside from the one he bought. And six was indeed the number to know; customer
numbers two to six also got a free iPhone each.

Joe Nassar from Abu Dhabi, who was among the "Magic Six", was visibly stunned by
what he just received.

"I waited for six hours... and I ended up with two iPhones. It's an amazing
surprise," he told Khaleej Times. Aside from the bragging rights he now has, he
says the free unit will go to his fiancée.

And as if all those sixes weren't enough, here's more: du is offering a
never-before-seen offer for its iPhone 6 customers - six months on the customer,
six months on du. Users who sign up for a Smart Plan or Emirati Plan starting
from Dh250 will see enjoy their monthly fees for even-numbered months for free.

"We've added a very new flavor... the customer is committed for a year, but we
will be paying for the six months," Ahmed Mokhles, executive vice-president of
consumer business at du, told Khaleej Times during the course of the event.

"This is a very competitive offer... and by far the best offer seen in the UAE,"
he added.

Mokhles also lauded the faster official arrival of the new devices to the UAE,
saying that this speaks volumes of how Apple now highly regards the country. For
the first time ever, there was only a gap of about a week between the US and UAE
launches.

"It is positioning the UAE as one of the global carriers within the strategic
view of Apple," Mokhles said. "It also ranks us [high] in terms of the
allocation of volumes."

"Apple's not only looking at UAE telecoms as a stand-alone industry; it's
looking into the entire ICT industry itself," he added, alluding to the fact
that the UAE indeed is a hub for technology and communications.

Mokhles stressed that the relationship between du and Apple is "beyond" a strong
partnership, and that both are looking into more ways to deliver the best
products and services to customers.

Asked if there are any more surprises of this magnitude from du within the year,
he simply said: "You can expect lots more."

Which means it isn't a bad idea to plan ahead and mark your calendar for du's
launch of the iPhone 7 - or whatever it will be called - next year. Maybe by
then, seven phones could be yours for the price of one. alvin@khaleejtimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

iPhone 6 and 6 plus discount

LENGTH: 66  words


Oliz Store has announced attractive offers for Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
Issuing a statement, Oliz Store said that iPhone 6 (64GB) is available at Rs
78,000 and iPhone 6 (128GB) at Rs 88,000.

Similarly, Oliz Store has also offered iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs 78,000. While
iPhone 6 is available in gold, space gray and silver, iPhone 6 Plus is available
in silver colour at the store, it added.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 21, 2015 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Analysts Stay Divided; 6S Sales Near; Newest iPhone Out On Friday

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 370 words


Apple stock is treading water ahead of the company's iPhone 6 S launch next
Friday, Sept. 25.

Apple shares fell a fraction Friday, closing at 113.45.

Analysts seem split over whether the company can increase iPhone unit sales with
its ninth-generation smartphones. Apple will face tough year-over-year
comparisons because last year's iPhone 6 launch unleashed pent-up demand for
larger-screen iPhones.

This year's models have the same screen sizes (4.7 and 5.5 inches) with improved
components (faster processor, better cameras, pressure-sensitive display, etc.).

RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani says iPhone unit shipments will
increase in the December quarter, eclipsing the previous record of 74 million
units from the year-earlier quarter.

"The big debate among investors has been: Will Apple go ex-growth in the
December quarter? We think it's unlikely, as we expect Apple to ship 75 million
to 80 million iPhone units in the December quarter," Daryanani said in a
research note Friday.

He cites the timing of the iPhone 6 S launch. This year, Apple will have only
two days of iPhone 6 S sales in the September quarter vs. 9 days of new iPhone
revenue in the year-ago period.

"This will essentially drive an extra week of high unit sales in the December
quarter this year," he said. "At minimum, given the extended lead times for 6 S
Plus, this should add 2 million to 2.5 million incremental units in the December
quarter ($1.5 billion to $2 billion in revenue)."

RBC is modeling for Apple to sell 45.2 million iPhones in the September quarter,
up 15% year over year. It sees Apple selling 76 million units next quarter, up
2%. RBC sees modest growth in iPhone unit sales the following two quarters.

Daryanani rates Apple stock outperform, with a price target of 150.

Thursday, Pacific Crest Securities analyst Andy Hargreaves said near-term
expectations for iPhone sales are "unrealistically high."

Moreover, a number of Apple users say their mobile devices have crashed after
attempting to install the new iOS 9 operating system, Reuters reported Friday.

Disgruntled Apple iPhone and iPad users have taken to social media to complain
about their experiences with the new operating system, which was released
Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Yorkers have mixed reactions about new iPhone

BYLINE: By CANDY WOODALL 505-5437/@ydbiz

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 277 words


News reports and photos Friday morning showed eager fans lining up outside of
Apple stores and other retailers to get their fingers on the new iPhone 6.

But long lines   and a high inventory of phones   were hard to come by in York
County.

"Good luck finding people in York who want to dish out that kind of money for a
new phone," said Rob Erwin, a West Manchester Township resident.

Prices range at various retailers and increase or decrease based on storage,
trade-ins and phone service plans.

For example, a new iPhone 6 with 16-gigabytes of storage is $649.99 at Verizon
without a contract or financing plan, or $199.99 with a two-year contract.

Cynthia Zborowski said she and her husband couldn't wait to get their new phones
at the local Verizon store on Friday morning. With an upgrade and new plan, she
expected to spend about $300.

"It's well worth it," the Manchester resident said. "I really like the bigger
screen and clearer picture."

The iPhone 6 has a 4.5-inch touchscreen, and the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
screen   which seems "a million times bigger" than her older model's 4-inch
screen, Zborowski said.

While some York County residents left the Verizon store at 2196 White St. in
West Manchester Township with phones in hand, others were disappointed they
couldn't buy them yet.

Heather Backus was surprised when she left Walmart at West Manchester Mall.

"They don't have the new phones in the store yet, but you can get an old iPhone
for 97 cents. I'm thinking of getting those as Christmas presents," the West
York resident.

To learn more about the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, visit www.apple.com.

Reach Candy Woodall at cwoodall@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A customer looks at the screen size on the new iPhone 6 Plus while
waiting in line to upgrade his iPhone at a Verizon Wireless store in Flowood,
Miss., Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. A small line of people began an overnight wait to
insure they were able to purchase the specific model they sought. (AP
Photo/Rogelio V. Solis)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Nikkei Asian Review (Japan)

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

iPhone 6 Plus teardown shows continued use of Japanese parts

LENGTH: 776 words


TADASHI NEZU and TADASHI NAKAMICHI, Nikkei Electronics staff writers and HIROKI
YOMOGITA, Nikkei staff writer

TOKYO -- Pry open Apple's newest and biggest smartphone, the iPhone 6 Plus, and
what you find are circuit boards jampacked with components no bigger than grains
of salt. Those capacitors and other tiny components continue to be a strength of
Japanese manufacturers. But a deeper look makes it clear that Japan's component
makers also played supporting roles in many of the new features that are the
main selling points of the new smartphone, such as the camera's robust image
stabilization.

The Nikkei Electronics office of Nikkei Business Publications tore down an
iPhone 6 Plus to see Apple's design concepts for the new smartphone.

The 5.5-inch screen of the iPhone 6 Plus is a big step up from the 4-inch
screens of its predecessors, and gives a bright, sharp picture. But the new
smartphone goes beyond that to offer a variety of new features, and the number
of parts has gone up accordingly.

Better together

The brain of the device is Apple's new A8 processor. Nikkei Electronics thinks
that this chip was made by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing (TSMC), the major
Taiwanese semiconductor foundry, using CMOS (complementary metal-oxide
semiconductor) technology with a 20-nanometer circuit linewidth process. That is
a more advanced technology than was used to make the chips for previous iPhones
and it gives the smartphone higher performance and the ability to accommodate
more graphics processing features.

Fomalhaut Techno Solutions also did a teardown of the iPhone 6 Plus and counted
more than 1,100 parts, which is 300 more than the iPhone 5s. One reason is the
need for more components around the processor to counter noise and enable the
capture of higher-resolution images. The iPhone 6 Plus also has far more
components like filter circuits to separate out wavelengths, making it better at
handling the different frequency bands used for high-speed Long-Term Evolution
wireless communication in different markets around the world.

Two-thirds of the additional components are extremely tiny parts measuring just
0.4-by-0.2mm, and basically all of these so-called 0402 components are  made by
Japanese companies, according to Fomalhaut Techno Solutions director Minatake
Kashio.

It is fair to say that Japanese electronic component manufacturers like Murata
Manufacturing, TDK and Taiyo Yuden provide the foundation for the high
performance of the iPhone 6 Plus.

One other noteworthy Japanese-made component making its debut on the iPhone 6
Plus is the optical image stabilization actuator that is used for the
8-megapixel camera. This high-performance actuator, normally used in camcorders,
is one of the special features of the new smartphone and it appears that Mitsumi
Electric and Alps Electric are the exclusive suppliers.

New clues

Apple's penchant for style shines through in the Apple logo on the back of the
handset. On earlier generations of the iPhone, this logo is drawn by processing
the surface of the aluminum material used for the body. But on the 6 Plus, it is
formed from a separate piece of stainless steel with a mirrorlike finish. Making
and attaching this extra component certainly involved added steps, and one can
infer that Apple took the trouble in order to make its logo look more
attractive.

But the Apple logo-shaped hole in the center of the stainless steel suggests
there may be another reason for all this. It may be that this logo and its hole
are the fruits of a process of technological trial and error. As one analyst
speculated, this hole initially may have been there to attach the antenna for
near-field communications. Another possibility is that it is there to support
wireless battery charging in the future.

The teardown showed that Apple continues to use the same lineup of manufacturers
for iPhone components such as the communications processor and the lithium-ion
battery.

On the other hand, the total number of companies supplying parts for the iPhone
may be trending downward. Apple switched to the use of a module integrating the
filters and amplifiers with the high-frequency circuits for capturing LTE
signals, and other circuits in the iPhone 6 Plus are made by fewer manufacturers
than in previous generations. As the processors and other chips become more
integrated and incorporate analog components, even fewer manufacturers may get a
bite of future Apple business.

So manufacturers of electronic components will continue to develop new products,
but with an eye out for the direction Apple is taking in its product planning.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Ballarat Courier

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

MAIN HEAD

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 383 words


NEW images apparently leaked by an Apple tester appear to show a near-final
iPhone 6, complete in its retail packaging.

While leaks preceding an Apple launch are nothing new, the iPhone 6 reports
including that the phone will be revealed on September 9 and released on
September 19 have been incredible in their frequency and detail.

While the scuttlebutt was briefly that Apple's new phone would be covered
entirely in glass, another rumour had it that the iPhone 6 would feature an
aluminium and glass look.

While the quality of these images makes a proper size a little tricky to deduce,
the screen size relative to the unit's thickness and home button would seem to
confirm the ever-present rumours of the iPhone 6 approaching or exceeding 5
inches.

The rumours, first published in March, have it that Apple will release two
versions of the new phone, one with a screen of 4.7 inches and one of 5.5
inches. The current iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

Possibly facilitated by the overall larger dimensions, the iPhone 6 has been
rumoured to be thinner than previous models, while still improving on battery
performance.

A report from Apple Insider suggests the smaller iPhone 6 will move a 15 per
cent bump up in battery capacity over the iPhone 5S, while the larger 5.5-inch
model will receive a 60 per cent bump.

The battery for the larger phone would still be smaller than that of the Samsung
Galaxy S5 though, in an attempt to keep the iPhone 6 as slim as possible.

Tech Radar cautions that, as the source of the images is not previously known to

the publication, it is "not saying with 100 per cent confidence" that the photos
are authentic.

However, after putting them through testing to detect possible digital
manipulation, it has "no reason" to believe they are fake.

One point of note which works against the veracity of the images is the seeming
lack of iOS 8.

The new mobile operating system is set to launch alongside the new phones, yet
the home screen shown on the retail packaging appears very similar if not
identical to that of iOS 7, and announced apps such as HomeKit and HealthKit are
absent.

Regardless of which rumours and reports turn out to be accurate, the one thing
that appears to be certain is that this won't be the last iPhone 6 leak we see
ahead of the expected September launch.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Five Predictions for Apple's September 9 Event

LENGTH: 840  words


It's that time of year again, the time when Apple computers gathers members of
the media to show off it's latest and newest line of products for the coming
year.

Apple's cryptic invitation mentions only the date of their September 9 media
event. [Provided to chinadaily.com.cn]

It's that time of year again, the time when Apple computers gathers members of
the media to show off it's latest and newest line of products for the coming
year.

This year, the event will be held on September 9 in the Fresco Arts Center in
Cupertino California, right where Apple is situated. This also marks a return to
the location where Apple co-founder Steve Jobs first announced the Macintosh
computer 30 years ago.

Shrouded in mystery, one can only guess at what the California-based company
will announce. Evidence and history point towards a brand new iPhone, rumors and
speculation call for a wearable device, no one will know until the unveiling on
Tuesday. We spoke with Canalys' China mobility analyst Wang Jingwen about what
Apple might have in store.

Of course, Tuesday is still a ways off; we can speculate all we want. Here are
five things that we expect will happen on Sept. 9.

Wearable Device

Wang expects the big reveal on Tuesday will be Apple's first foray into the
wearable computing space. She says that while it can't determined what the name
and what the final scope of the device will be, Apple is expected to pull out a
wearable, be it a fitness band or a watch.

A move by Apple into this space is heavily anticipated. Other brands such as
Motorola and Samsung have already announced and released smartwatch companion
devices for their phones.

Wang says that Apple's device could be similar to a companion device, one that
requires an iPhone to run.

A new iPhone or rather two iphones

Traditionally speaking, Apple has announced a new iPhone in it's September event
every year. Last year, they announced the iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s, the year
before that, the iPhone 5. This year, Wang says iPhone will announce the iPhone
6.

"We expect there will be two iPhones this year, a 4.7 inch screen model and a
5.5 inch screen model," said Wang.

Leaks of the new "bigger" iPhones have been slowly trickling out all summer.
Wang says that despite the unconfirmed nature of the leaks, they have been right
in the past and moving to bigger screens is something that can put Apple back
into competition with Android smartphone makers.

The upgrades and features of the 4.7 inch phone

As per new upgrades, Wang says the new iPhone, whatever it'll end up being
called, will sport new features that make it more power than the previous
generation.

Such features are unknown right now but history shows that there will at least
be a major software update. Apple is expected to release the eighth version of
it's iOS operating system with the launch of the new iPhone.

Samsung takes a bite out of Apple with Note 4
Huawei unveils phone, just days before iPhone 6 release

The 5.5 to be more powerful

While both new models are expected to be upgrades of the current set, Wang says
that there maybe a big difference between the 4.7-inch model and the 5.5-inch
model.

"I believe that we should watch for the differences between the 4.7 model and
the 5.5 model," said Wang. "The differences in the models won't just end at
screen sizes.

Wang expects the 5.5-inch model will be a bigger upgrade than the 4.7-inch
model. She says that the 5.5 may come with better hardware compared to its
smaller brother. She implies that the 5.5-inch model may be even more powerful
than the 4.7-inch version.

Apple to release the new phones with China being one of the first countries to
see a release

Last year, Apple released the iPhone 5c and 5s were released in China during the
first wave. This was the first time that China included among the list of
countries to receive the iPhone first. Previously Chinese Apple fans had to wait
longer periods of time before the device could be purchased on the Chinese
mainland. Wang says, this year, China will mostly likely still be part of the
first countries to receive the new device.

"China has become an important market for Apple and the iPhone will probably
release in China the same time it hits the United States," said Wang. "This
year, it'll be problem free, with the LTE issue being solved."

Last year, despite China being a launch country, Apple released an LTE free
version of the iPhone first in the country. LTE is a mobile broadband technology
that allows for faster downloads and Internet surfing.

However, Wang does warn that there maybe differences in release dates for the
bigger 5.5-inch iPhone and the possible wearable device. She expects the base
4.7-inch "iPhone 6" will launch first at the same price point as the iPhone 5s.
She says the 5.5-inch and the wearable will probably come some time later.

China Daily will be on-site at the September 9 Apple event in California. Check
back with us for more Apple and Technology news.

Samsung takes a bite out of Apple with Note 4
Huawei unveils phone, just days before iPhone 6 release

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday

Latest iPhone features upgraded operating system

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1045 words


Excitement is building ahead of next week's expected iPhone 5 announcement. But
whether you rush out to buy the latest wonder- gadget or not, owners of earlier
iPhones and iPods will also benefit from the upgraded operating system.

Claire Rogers rounds up the rumours on Apple's latest phone.

--------------------

iFigures

Apple doesn't typically disclose sales figures but in a recent patent court case
with Samsung it revealed it has sold 85 million iPhones in the United States
alone since the device was first launched in 2007.

Each new iPhone model typically sells more units than all of the previous
versions combined.

Based on Apple's iPhones sales for the three months ending December 2011 (which
totalled 37.0 4million), there were more iPhones sold per day (377,959) than
people born in the world (estimates of the average birth rate vary between about
360,000 and 372,000 births per day).

Analyst firm Piper Jaffray estimates Apple will sell between 26m and 28m iPhone
5s.

Anyone's guess: Is this what the iPhone 5 will look like?

iPad mini

Gadget gossip also has it that Apple is working on an iPad Mini - with a
7.85-inch screen (the new iPad has a 9.7-inch display). Apple acolytes had
suggested this could be unveiled at the same time as the iPhone 5, but a later
introduction - perhaps in October - for any such device now seems more likely.

This week Apple all but confirmed rumours of a launch next Wednesday - September
12 - in the United States when it invited media to an event on Thursday. The
invitation teasingly has the date 12 casting a shadow in the shape of the number
5.

Size matters

Apple's high-resolution "retina display" iPhone screens are a big drool- card
for gadget lovers - but size also matters. The larger the screen the easier it
is to read emails, view photos and watch video. Samsung's latest iphone rival,
the Samsung Galaxy S III, sports a 4.8-inch high-definition display, leaving the
iphone 4s - with a 3.5-inch screen - well behind in the size stakes.

iPhone 4S: 3.5 inches

Samsung Galaxy S III: 4.8 inches

iPhone 5: Likely to have a 4-inch screen

. . . So does speed

High-end smartphones with quad-core processors - theoretically more capable of
handling multi-tasking and applications such as gaming than dual- core
processors - have begun to emerge, which begs the question will Apple follow
suit? Whispers are suggesting both yes and no, alternatively citing Apple's
desire to keep up with competitors and its previous strategy of not blindly
following rivals to the highest specs.

iPhone 4S: Apple A5 1GHz dual-core processor

Samsung Galaxy S III: 1.4GHZ Exynos quad-core processor

iPhone 5: Dual-core, dual core with extra graphics power, or quad-core?

Skin deep

The iPhone will be revamped, experts predict, with a new design, and leaked
pictures suggesting a two-tone brushed- aluminium backing, a smaller dock,
relocated headphone jack (from the top of the handset to the bottom) and bigger
speaker grilles.

On the scales

Rumours are the new iPhone has also slimmed down, with one report suggesting it
will measure 7.6 millimetres in thickness - making it one of the thinnest
smartphones around.

iPhone 4S: 9.3mm

Samsung Galaxy S III: 8.6mm

iPhone 5: Rumoured to be 7.6mm.

Souped-up software

The new iPhone will come preloaded with iOS 6, the latest version of Apple's
mobile operating system. Even if you're not planning to get to the iPhone 5, if
you have an iPhone 3GS, 4 or 4S, a second or third-generation iPad or a fourth-
generation iPod Touch, you'll be able to upgrade your software.

Snap snap

Don't expect dramatic change on the camera front - the rear-facing camera is
expected to remain the same at 8 megapixels, which is plenty. The front- facing
camera could get an upgrade to high-definition though, to give a better picture
for video calling and is reportedly being moved to above the speaker.

iPhone 4S: 8MP rear camera, lower- resolution 0.3 MP front camera

Samsung Galaxy S III: 8MP rear camera, 1.9MP HD front camera

iPhone 5: 8MP rear camera, HD front camera

Nfc chip

Technophiles have been poring over leaked photos of what is supposedly the new
iPhone, looking for signs it will have an NFC chip.

NFC stands for "near field communication", it's a technology that allows devices
to communicate wirelessly with others - so smartphones could be used like
contactless swipe cards, for example, to make payments.

iPhone 4S: No NFC

Samsung Galaxy S III: Has NFC

iPhone 5: Remains to be seen.

Faster broadband

It's not so relevant for New Zealand yet, but the next iPhone is rumoured to
support 4G LTE - which means faster mobile broadband. This will be of little use
until our telcos have 4G mobile networks up and running. Telecom is trialing a
4G service later this year but 4G networks are probably a few years away.

iPhone 4S: No 4G LTE support

Samsung Galaxy S III: Supports 4G LTE in some countries

iPhone 5: Likely to support 4G in some countries

IOS 6 key features include:

Bye bye Google Maps. Apple is introducing its own mapping app and showing
Google's the door as the two continue to fight for mobile device dominance.

Apple's voice-recognition technology Siri - previously only available for the
iPhone 4S - will debut on the iPad (the newest version only sorry folks) with
the launch of iOS 6.

You'll also be able to use Siri to fire up applications and movies, fob off
unwanted phone calls with the new Do Not Disturb feature, which lets you
automatically send text messages telling callers you'll phone them back.

Apple says using Facebook on your mobile device will be even easier thanks to
iOS 6. You'll be able to post to the social networking site straight from a
variety of apps on your device.

The iOS 6 also marks the debut of Passbook - an app that aims to keep all your
tickets, coupons and vouchers in the one place.

The web browser Safari also gets an upgrade with iOS 6. While browsing you'll be
able to save your tabs on one Apple device and pick up where you left off on
another (through iCloud).

Sources: Cnet, Samsung, Apple, Computerworld, TechRadar, Pocket Lint, PC World,
Associated Press, Washington Post, The Next Web.

Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Ease of viewing: Apple's new iPhone will have a bigger screen than its present
model but not as big as Samsung's Galaxy S III, at right.

Picture: Reuters

iPad mini

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                     (Bits)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

On Apple's Big Weekend, All Eyes Will Be on the iPhone

BYLINE: Brian X. Chen

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 544 words



HIGHLIGHT: Eager Apple fans will line up this weekend to experience the new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, and investors will be watching for clues about how well the
new models will sell.


For Apple, the unveiling of the new iPhones is like the debut of a blockbuster
movie. Eager fans are expected to line up this weekend to be the first to
experience the new gadgets. And investors will closely watch first-weekend
sales, in much the same way movie producers track box office numbers.

Expectations for this year's batch of iPhones are generally high. The two new
models - the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus - releasing Friday are significant
upgrades, with much larger screens than past models. They cater to growing
consumer demand for bigger screens on smartphones.

Most of the people lining up for new iPhones this weekend will probably be the
Apple customers who are most enthusiastic about having the next shiny new
iThing. But if history is a measure, first-weekend sales are a strong indicator
of overall demand for Apple's phones.

In 2012, Apple sold five million iPhone 5 smartphones in the first three days
they were on sale. Then during the holiday quarter, the most lucrative period
for Apple and tech companies in general, Apple sold about 48 million iPhones,
compared with 37 million in the same period a year earlier.

Last year, Apple sold nine million of its iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C devices in the
first three days they were on sale. Then over the holiday quarter, Apple sold 51
million of them.

So if the new iPhones with larger screens bring in big first-weekend numbers,
that could indicate another immensely profitable holiday quarter for Apple.
Analysts' predictions, however, are mixed.

Maynard Um, a financial analyst for Wells Fargo, expects this weekend's iPhone
sales to be high. He said that based partly on the four million early online
orders for the new iPhones, Apple should sell them in the "low teens" of
millions, which would be much higher than first-weekend sales for past models.

Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, has lower expectations,
because the sales number will depend largely on how many iPhones Apple can make.

 He believes that Apple will sell from 7 million to 8 million new iPhones this
weekend. Many people who ordered the devices online have reported estimated
delivery times of up to a month. That suggests Apple may be facing tighter
supply constraints for the new iPhones compared with past models, Mr. Sacconaghi
said. He also noted that unlike last year's iPhones, the latest ones will not
initially go on sale in China, the largest smartphone market in the world.

Gene Munster, an analyst for Piper Jaffray, offered an even lower estimate of
6.5 million units. Like Mr. Sacconaghi, Mr. Munster said the number of iPhones
that Apple can sell this weekend will depend on the number it can provide to
retailers. And multiple signs point to a tight supply.

That, Mr. Munster said, is why first-weekend numbers may no longer be a reliable

 indicator of overall demand for iPhones. "The trouble is, they've gotten so big
in so many retail points that the speed of which they fill up those retail
points adds a lot of confusion to the opening number," he said.

A clearer indicator of consumer demand at this point may be the four million
early online orders for new iPhones. That number signals strong interest without
ties to issues like limitations in supply, Mr. Munster said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

iPhone 6, 6 Plus at discounted rate

LENGTH: 101 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 17 -- Oliz Store has announced attractive offers for Apple's
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Issuing a statement, Oliz Store said that iPhone 6 (64GB)
is available at Rs 78,000 and iPhone 6 (128GB) at Rs 88,000.

Similarly, Oliz Store has also offered iPhone 6 Plus (16GB) at Rs 78,000. While
iPhone 6 is available in gold, space gray and silver, iPhone 6 Plus is available
in silver color at the store, it added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Apple to launch an 'all glass' iPhone in 2017, claims analyst

LENGTH: 257  words


Apple will completely redesign the iPhone, which will feature the return of an
all-glass enclosure, claims KGI Securities' analyst.

According to Ming-Chi Kuo, who is dubbed the best Apple AAPL -2.02% analyst on
the planet, Apple will do away with the ranges' famed aluminium chassis and in
its place will be the return of an all-glass enclosure. This will also be
complemented by new cutting edge curved OLED display.

Apple cuts price for new, more compact iPhone

The changes, which are said to be launched in 2017, will see Apple 'tick/tock'
external redesign/internal upgrade pattern. Consequently the iPhone 7 will look
largely like the iPhone 6/iPhone 6S and it will be an 'iPhone 8' in 2017 where
Apple will pull out all the stops.

Interestingly, this isn't the first time Apple will be using glass. The company
enjoyed mixed success with the material in the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S. Cracked
backs plagued these stylish phones, but Kuo argues that advances in toughening
glass since then should address this. Glass would also be ideal for wireless
charging and boosting antenna reception.

FBI hacks San Bernardino attacker's iPhone, drops Apple suit

So, will Kuo's report prove to be true? Only time will tell. However, it should
be borne in mind that the analyst had previously broken news of the radical
12-inch MacBook, iPad Pro, the shift to 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes with
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, nailed every major feature of the iPhone 6S four
months ahead of launch and revealed the iPhone SE, including its lower pricing.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           September 19, 2014 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Chip Suppliers Feel iPhone Love; New Products Give Big Boost; Avago,
InvenSense, NXP, Maxim, Synaptics among firms seen in coveted roles

BYLINE: MICHAEL PERRAULT

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 820 words


When Apple fans get their first up-close looks at the new iPhone 6 smartphones,
a bevy of chipmakers hope that the fans will like what they see.

Just which chipmakers have components inside the new products won't be entirely
known until sales start on Friday and research firms do their first tear-downs.
Apple, as per its custom, declined to identify any suppliers.

But analysts say that likely suppliers include InvenSense, Avago Technologies,
Maxim Integrated Products, NXP Semiconductors and Synaptics.

The same chipmakers also are seen as supplying parts for the new Apple Watch,
which will start selling next year.

And some are helping enable Apple Pay, the new pay-by-smartphone payment
technology.

Skyworks Solutions and RF Micro Devices, along with Avago, could provide the
latest radio-frequency chips to enable new audio/voice technology and other
iPhone 6 features, John Vinh, an analyst with Pacific Crest Securities, told
IBD.

Chips by Dutch firm NXP almost certainly help provide the near-field
communications, or NFC, technology in the iPhone 6 for the Apple Pay feature,
Doug Freedman, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, told IBD.

Apple Pay lets consumers wave their phones in front of in-store readers to pay
for purchases rather than having to swipe credit cards. Apple has stressed that
Apple Pay will be secure.

"Apple demonstrated how touch ID is required in Apple Pay as a way to
authenticate," Vinh said. "We believe this will drive further adoption of
fingerprint sensors with other (smartphone and mobile device makers)."

Synaptics makes chips that enable users to unlock their mobile devices with a
fingerprint, so Vinh says Pac Crest views the advent of Apple Pay "as a
long-term positive for Synaptics."

RF Micro is expected to have a bigger role in the iPhone 6 than in earlier
models, Brean Capital analyst Mike Burton said in a recent research note.
Reports of this bigger role have lifted RF's stock, he says.

RF Micro stock is up more than 130% in the past year.

On Tuesday, Burton raised earnings estimates for RF Micro, citing the company's
greater contribution in coming quarters from the new iPhone 6 models.

VoLTE Another Opportunity

Apple also is providing voice over LTE (VoLTE) and voice-over-Wi-Fi
capabilities, enabled by wireless chips and designed to improve voice quality
when making phone calls, says Freedman, with Avago, and possibly others,
providing chips to enable it.

Analysts say that InvenSense looks to be the supplier of the new iPhones' motion
sensors. These chips let iPhone users move the phone vertically or horizontally,
and the display stays level.

InvenSense sensors are expected to be in the Apple Watch as well, analysts say.

STMicroelectronics, whose motion sensors were in earlier  iPhones and iPads, was
likely beat out by InvenSense, Credit Suisse analyst Achal Sultania said in a
research note.

Apple Watch also features a heartbeat sensor, which Vinh says is likely provided
by Maxim. If Maxim supplies biometric sensors for Apple Watch, as well as an
audio amplifier in the Apple Watch and both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus,
Maxim could see more than $100 million in incremental sales, Vinh says.

Apple will continue to use Corning's Gorilla Glass instead of sapphire in cover
plates for its new  iPhone 6 models, analysts say.

Some observers had expected Apple to move to sapphire -- which is more expensive
but stronger and more scratch-resistant -- from GT Advanced Technologies.

Instead, GT will supply a sapphire display only for the Apple Watch, a much
smaller contract than if it also supplied the iPhone 6 models, said Goldman
Sachs analyst Brian Lee in a research report last week.

"In our view, this is disappointing from both a timing and volume perspective
for GT Advanced, and so we significantly cut our estimates and price target,"
Lee wrote. Goldman cut its price target to 14 from 20 and downgraded GT Advanced
stock to neutral.

Corning has introduced three versions of Gorilla Glass since 2007, with
improvements in screen durability, image clarity and touch performance, Corning
executive James Steiner said in a recent company blog post extolling the virtues
of his Gorilla Glass vs. sapphire.

GT Advanced has a multiyear agreement with Apple to help it develop a sapphire
manufacturing facility in Mesa, Ariz.

But analysts are divided as to what the agreement means for GT Advanced as a
supplier in Apple products.

GT Advanced declined to comment on its role in Apple products.

But in a Q2 earnings conference call with analysts, GT Advanced CEO Tom
Gutierrez said that the company "continues to expect more than 80% of the (2014)
year's revenue to come from our sapphire segment."

Gutierrez said that Apple's fourth and final pre-payment for the Mesa effort of
$139 million, due in October, is contingent on achieving "certain operational
targets" that GT Advanced expects to hit.

"We remain very positive about our sapphire business," Gutierrez said.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Apple adds some polish; Tech giant's fall lineup includes updated Apple TV,
mightier Apple Watch and some interesting diversions

BYLINE: Gillian Shaw, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 723 words


Apple TV

Some developers are calling this a game-changer - quite literally, since Apple
is taking a clear run at the game console market with a device that delivers
television, movie and music entertainment but with the added bonus of putting
games on the big screen. This little set top box delivers the power of a game
console like the Xbox 360, but in a smaller package and at a lower price. With
Apple launching an app store for TV apps and encouraging developers to populate
it as they have for iPhones and iPads, expect to see fast-growing choice in
games and other apps for the new Apple TV. The new Apple TV adds Siri voice
control plus a remote control that doubles as a game controller. Siri will
search across multiple content apps to give you various options for viewing. No
word yet on Canadian pricing, but the Apple TV 32GB model will be $149 US, with
the 64GB at $199 US.

iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus

While the new iPhones have kept the same screen size as their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6S, they have a number of tweaks and improvements. The
iPhone 6S has the same 12-centimetre screen size as the iPhone 6 and the 6S Plus
at 14 cm is the same as the 6 Plus. However, while they have the same Retina HD
display with 1920 by 1080-pixels for the Plus models and 1334 by 750-pixels for
the 6 and S6, the newest phones have new 3D Touch technology. That's a
pressure-sensitive technology that lets you take a quick look at a photo or
other content with a light touch or a deeper dive with more pressure. Live
Photos on the camera adds sound and action to the photos by automatically
capturing time both at the beginning and end of your photo shot. The new iPhones
deliver 4K video, a first for an iPhone, with a five-megapixel HD camera and a
new screen flash for selfies.

The rear-facing camera is 12 megapixels, up from 8MP on the 6 and 6 Plus.
Pre-orders start Saturday with the new phones due out Sept. 25. The new iPhones
will be available in gold, silver, space grey and a new colour, rose gold.
Pricing for the unlocked phones, which start with a 16GB model, with no contract
is as follows: iPhone 6S (unlocked, no contract) starting at $899 for 16GB,
$1,029 for 64GB and $1,159 for 128GB, and iPhone 6S Plus starting at $1,029 for
16GB, $1,159 for 32GB and $1,289 for 64GB.

iPad Pro

This isn't just another iPad upgrade - it's part of Apple's attempt to push into
the business market with a device that can deliver power and features better
than many notebook computers, but with a form factor that allows for true tablet
use. The iPad Pro has an optional $99 US Apple Pencil, a new stylus that is
geared to artists, designers and anyone else who wants to use the surface of the
iPad for writing or drawing. Apple promises a precision and lag-free performance
unmatched by other styli. There's also the $169 US Smart Keyboard, a combination
cover and keyboard that protects the screen and props the iPad up on a
kickstand, a little like the keyboard covers for Microsoft's Surface line of
tabletnotebook hybrids. The screen resolution is 2732 by 2048 pixels, higher
than any other Apple iOS device to date. The iPad Pro is slim at 6.9 mm, and
lightweight at just over 700 grams. It delivers 1.8 times the processing power
of the iPad Air 2 and double the graphics performance. It has an eightmegapixel
iSight camera and 1080p video recording. A new smart connector carries power and
data and connects magnetically to the keyboard. Canadian pricing hasn't yet been
announced for the iPad Pro, which is due out in November, but it starts at $799
US for the 32GB Wi-Fi model. The 128GB Wi-Fiplus-cellular model is $1,079. It
will come in silver, gold or grey.

Hermes Apple Watch

If you really want to impress an Apple fan on your gift list this year, you can
drop $1,100 US on the newest Apple Watch offering - make that $1,250 if you'd
like the extra-long band that wraps twice around your wrist. Along with the
Hermes Watch, Apple showed demos of the new Watch operating system, OS2, which
is due out Sept. 16.

In demos, the Watch was used for everything from Facebook Messenger to medical
monitoring and along with the highend Hermes edition, there are a number of new
strap colour and fashion options.

gshaw@vancouversun.com vancouversun.com/digitallife !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Bent' iPhones and software glitches hit Apple

LENGTH: 320  words


Apple's newest iPhones have been hit by glitches after users complained that a
new software update blocked their calls - and a widely-circulated video showed
the larger of the two new models was vulnerable to bending.

Apple said it would stop providing the software update, which it began
distributing on Wednesday to fix several issues in last week's iOS 8 operating
system for iPhones and iPads.

The decision to pull the update came after some people complained on Twitter and
in Apple user chatrooms that the update, dubbed iOS 8.0.1, rendered their phones
unable to make calls and caused problems with a feature that lets people unlock
their phones with their fingerprint.

Apple announced that it was investigating the reports and would issue advice to
users "as quickly as we can". Users are still able to the upgrade older phones
to last week's version of iOS 8, which Apple said has already been downloaded to
nearly half of all iOS devices.

Some tech blogs reported the update only seemed to cause problems for the latest
phone models - the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

It is not uncommon for new software to contain bugs that have to be fixed with
subsequent releases.

Meanwhile, social media sites were buzzing with reports that the aluminium shell
of the iPhone 6 Plus was vulnerable to bending. Some Twitter users claimed their
phones showed a slight curving at one end after several hours in a trouser
pocket. With a 5.5-inch screen, the iPhone 6 Plus is slightly longer and thinner
than other iPhone models.

It's not clear how widespread the complaints are. One YouTube video showed
someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus by applying extended pressure with his hands -
not from normal sitting.

Both the iPhone 6 and the 6 Plus were given high ratings in a recent
"breakability" test conducted by SquareTrade, a San Francisco firm that sells
insurance to consumers for their electronic devices. The test did not include
bending.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            October 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

iPhone's India Launch a Bigger Affair This Time

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 586 words


Apple is roping in top telcos Bharti Airtel and Vodafone India as vendor
partners and pulling out all stops to make its iPhone 6s launch in India a
blockbuster that will build on record sales of 1.7 million units in its last
financial year in the world's fastest-growing smartphone market.

For the first time, the Cupertinobased smartphone giant is forging partnerships
with the telcos well in advance of the launch planned for October 16.
Previously, operator plans came out months later.

Consumers can look forward to EMI schemes where they would need to pay only a
small upfront amount and split the remainder up into 12 or 24 monthly
instalments, or data-bundling offers with an upfront and equal monthly payments
that will include a specified or even unlimited data, sources said. Analysts
said consumers can also expect plans for device upgrades at the end of a
12-month cycle as there is a significant user base in India willing to shift to
new iPhones year after year.

The tie-ups and offers, as well as the move to start selling in India much
earlier that it usually does after a global launch, underscore the growing
importance of India, which is set to overtake the US as the world's
second-largest smartphone market by 2017. Apple is looking to rapidly add to the
1.7 million units it sold in its financial year ended September 2015, according
to data from Counterpoint Technology Market Research. This was a 55% jump from
almost 1.1 million devices sold

in its previous financial year. Apple didn't comment on the data.

"Vodafone India will offer iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, the most advanced
iPhones ever, beginning on October 16," a Vodafone India spokesperson said.
Customers can register for the devices beginning October 9 on the company's
website.India's No. 2 telco didn't disclose plan details. After registration,
customers can choose to buy the phones through an ecommerce partner or at
Vodafone's retail outlets, sources added.

Vodafone had announced a tie-up in January this year, after the then Apple
flagship iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were launched in October 2014. It had introduced
tariff plans based on instalments for all its devices, starting from the iPhone
4s.

Bharti Airtel is working on a tie-up with Apple which would be finalised
shortly, a company official said.The country's largest telco, which is heavily
advertising its 4G services, "would want to offer the 4G on iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus," the

company official added, indicating that plans for its high-speed broadband
services could be offered as part of a bundled package.

Analysts said Apple's performance in India last year was by far its strongest
yet. The smartphone market in India is currently dominated by Samsung
Electronics and domestic vendors Micromax Informatics and Intex. "It continues
to be a highly aspirational smartphone for the growing urban smartphone users,"
said Tarun Pathak, a senior analyst at Hong Kong-based Counterpoint Research.
"Strong momentum of Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which together generated
over half of the total iPhones volumes, ensured a strong fiscal for Apple in
India."

Apple, which launched the iPhone in 2007, ignored India for a long time and
increased its focus on the market only over the past couple of years.

In the quarter ended June, iPhone sales grew 93% in the country to 500,000
handsets. The company has set target of selling 12 lakh devices in the
October-December quarter this year, according to reports, and is lining up a
marketing budget upwards of ' . 300 crore.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 25, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple ready to replace bend iPhones of customers

LENGTH: 229  words


After the news and pictures of Apple Iphone 6 and 6 Plus bending comes up, Apple
has responded and said that it is ready to replace the damaged iphones.

According to a news report in The Next Web that in an online conversation with
Apple's support desk, Apple has agreed that it will replace the faulty handsets.

The report says the Apple representative answering about which handset will
qualify for a replacement said "That is 100 percent up to the Genius you speak
with at the store. There is a test called a Visual Mechanical Inspection that
the device will have to pass. If it is within the guidelines, they will be able
to cover it. If not, the replacement would be a paid one."

"The staffer offered to escalate the issue to a call with a senior support
advisor. We declined, but it's good to know that Apple is taking the issue
seriously," says The Next Web.

Well, though an official statement is yet to come from Apple, this news is good
for those who are worried about the new iphone.

Today in another bend test of the Iphone 6, Unbox Therapy finds that the smaller
iPhone, the iPhone 6 phone refused to bend. The glue that sticks the display
screen to the phone body seems as coming out which can be put back easily. This
is considerably better than the iPhone 6 Plus.

Yesterday Unbox Therapy easily bend an iPhone 6 Plus by applying pressure on the
back side of the phone.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

From Google Glass to iPhone 4, five biggest tech blunders

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1102 words


The exploding Galaxy Note 7 battery might be the latest tech debacle you've
heard of but missteps are common in the consumer technology space. Here is a
look at some such events from recent memory.

APPLE

Apple has always had a way with design -their products, be it phones, laptops or
tablets have always been loved for stunning design and performance. However, the
company has not been without its share of missteps when it comes to iPhone. Back
in 2010 when Apple launched its iPhone 4, it was widely reported that when the
phone was held near the antenna band, it lost a significant chunk of signal
reception. Apple acknowledged that there was a problem and announced a fix via
software update.However, the issue persisted even after the fix. Steve Jobs
announced free bumper cases for iPhone 4 customers -using a case solved the
issue of the antenna being blocked. It came to be called antenna-gate.

iPhone 4 was launched in 2010.

The second big blunder was with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both phones came
with a new all-metal unibody design instead of the metal and glass design that
was used on the iPhone 5s. However, customers complained that both the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus would bend easily when kept in a pocket or in bags -raising
concerns on the build quality of the phone. While Apple never officially
acknowledged it to be a big issue, the company did offer a free replacement to
users if the handset did appear to be accidently bent. In the next variants -
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple improved build quality of the devices by
using strengthened anodized aluminum to build the phone's shell.Bend-gate was
the term handed out this time.

HOVERBOARDS

Sub-standard lithium-ion batteries were used in the device which started
resulting in explosions. (Image: AP)

A hoverboard is the common name given to a self-balancing, battery-powered
scooter.These devices first came into the limelight in China (around 2014)
-within a year, they became the new craze for the urban elite. A number of
Indian companies also imported and launched them in India and many variants were
available at electronics and toy stores for a while. We reviewed one of the
variants -it was a lot of fun to ride it -you just need to bend slightly forward
to make it go forward and bend backwards to slow down or stop. Think of it like
a mini Segway. However, because of the hype and sudden demand, a lot of cheap
knock offs started appearing -these devices failed to meet many safety
requirements and used sub-standard lithium-ion batteries which started resulting
in explosions. As the number of YouTube videos grew -Hoverboards were quickly
deemed to a big fire hazard. Almost all commercial airlines quickly banned
carriage of hoverboards. Interest took a nosedive and the product faded away
slowly. Even the so called `certified' and quality controlled hoverboards have
not caught on.

GOOGLE

Just like Apple and Microsoft, Google has had its share of blunders over the
years when it comes to devices. The company raised a lot of interest when it
announced Google Glass and showed off a demo of how interactive it is and how
useful it is in daily life. However, the hype went down the drain when the price
was announced -at US$1,500, the glass was clearly overpriced, bulky, had limited
use and limited battery life. There has been no significant news regarding any
update of the product for a few months now.

The device was overpriced, bulky and had limited battery life. (Image: Reuters)

In addition, Nexus smartphones have done well great, but Google also tried its
hand at media players with the Nexus Q. It was announced in 2012 and priced at
US$300 -the idea was that the player will prove to be a one-stop solution for
anyone who wants to use Google's services (Google Play Music, YouTube, Google
Play Movies & TV) on a Television instead of a smartphone. Tech media liked the
device -the spherical design was unique but it lacked features in comparison to
existing media players and had a high price. The device never properly launched
for consumers and those who had pre-ordered it after the announcement got the
device for free. In 2013, Google quietly discontinued the failed product.

The latest misstep from Google is the modular smartphone project called Project
Ara. The concept of a modular smartphone -where you can replace a particular
component with another to improve performance and capabilities started in 2012.
Google demoed a few prototypes over the years but did not have a fixed date for
a launch. At the Google IO event in 2016, the company showcased a new prototype
of Project Ara called the Developer edition and announced that a consumer launch
of the device will happen in 2017. However, just a short while later, 2
September 2016, Google announced that the project had been discontinued to
streamline the company's hardware strategy -this throws 4 years of work on the
project down the drain.

HD DVD

Many of you will not have heard of HD DVD -it was an alternative, high-density
optical drive option that was released about the same time as Blu-Ray discs.
While the formats were announced in 2003, the industry was divided into two
groups: HD DVD vs Blu-Ray . Microsoft and Toshiba went with HD DVD and in 2006
the first HD DVD players and discs appeared for consumers.However, in 2008,
Warner Bros -who had the largest share of the DVD market announced, that they
would no longer support HD DVD. This was followed by Walmart -the largest DVD
retailer in the United States.Finally , NetFlix, which was one of the biggest
online video rental services, also revoked support for the HD DVD format which
essentially led to the victory of the Blu-Ray format in a short two years. One
big reason for the victory of Blu-Ray could be credited to Sony -they chose to
include Blu-Ray drives in the PlayStation 3 console which automatically resulted
in increasing the user base of the Blu-Ray format exponentially compared to HD
DVD.

MICROSOFT ZUNE

The iPod digital music player was a gamechanging device that brought Apple back
from bankruptcy . Microsoft wanted to replicate some of that success by
launching a digital music player of their own in 2006. While Apple sold over 100
million iPods in 2008, Microsoft manage to sell 2 million Zune players. Between
2006 to 2011, Microsoft launched four variants of the player but none of them
was able to make any dent on the market. In 2011 Microsoft officially announced
the discontinuation of the Zune device, thanks to what many described as a
spectacular failure against the Apple iPod and other portable music players.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

From Google Glass to iPhone 4, five biggest tech blunders

BYLINE: Karan Bajaj

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 1102 words


The exploding Galaxy Note 7 battery might be the latest tech debacle you've
heard of but missteps are common in the consumer technology space. Here is a
look at some such events from recent memory.

APPLE

Apple has always had a way with design -their products, be it phones, laptops or
tablets have always been loved for stunning design and performance. However, the
company has not been without its share of missteps when it comes to iPhone. Back
in 2010 when Apple launched its iPhone 4, it was widely reported that when the
phone was held near the antenna band, it lost a significant chunk of signal
reception. Apple acknowledged that there was a problem and announced a fix via
software update.However, the issue persisted even after the fix. Steve Jobs
announced free bumper cases for iPhone 4 customers -using a case solved the
issue of the antenna being blocked. It came to be called antenna-gate.

iPhone 4 was launched in 2010.

The second big blunder was with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Both phones came
with a new all-metal unibody design instead of the metal and glass design that
was used on the iPhone 5s. However, customers complained that both the iPhone 6
and iPhone 6 Plus would bend easily when kept in a pocket or in bags -raising
concerns on the build quality of the phone. While Apple never officially
acknowledged it to be a big issue, the company did offer a free replacement to
users if the handset did appear to be accidently bent. In the next variants -
iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, Apple improved build quality of the devices by
using strengthened anodized aluminum to build the phone's shell.Bend-gate was
the term handed out this time.

HOVERBOARDS

Sub-standard lithium-ion batteries were used in the device which started
resulting in explosions. (Image: AP)

A hoverboard is the common name given to a self-balancing, battery-powered
scooter.These devices first came into the limelight in China (around 2014)
-within a year, they became the new craze for the urban elite. A number of
Indian companies also imported and launched them in India and many variants were
available at electronics and toy stores for a while. We reviewed one of the
variants -it was a lot of fun to ride it -you just need to bend slightly forward
to make it go forward and bend backwards to slow down or stop. Think of it like
a mini Segway. However, because of the hype and sudden demand, a lot of cheap
knock offs started appearing -these devices failed to meet many safety
requirements and used sub-standard lithium-ion batteries which started resulting
in explosions. As the number of YouTube videos grew -Hoverboards were quickly
deemed to a big fire hazard. Almost all commercial airlines quickly banned
carriage of hoverboards. Interest took a nosedive and the product faded away
slowly. Even the so called `certified' and quality controlled hoverboards have
not caught on.

GOOGLE

Just like Apple and Microsoft, Google has had its share of blunders over the
years when it comes to devices. The company raised a lot of interest when it
announced Google Glass and showed off a demo of how interactive it is and how
useful it is in daily life. However, the hype went down the drain when the price
was announced -at US$1,500, the glass was clearly overpriced, bulky, had limited
use and limited battery life. There has been no significant news regarding any
update of the product for a few months now.

The device was overpriced, bulky and had limited battery life. (Image: Reuters)

In addition, Nexus smartphones have done well great, but Google also tried its
hand at media players with the Nexus Q. It was announced in 2012 and priced at
US$300 -the idea was that the player will prove to be a one-stop solution for
anyone who wants to use Google's services (Google Play Music, YouTube, Google
Play Movies & TV) on a Television instead of a smartphone. Tech media liked the
device -the spherical design was unique but it lacked features in comparison to
existing media players and had a high price. The device never properly launched
for consumers and those who had pre-ordered it after the announcement got the
device for free. In 2013, Google quietly discontinued the failed product.

The latest misstep from Google is the modular smartphone project called Project
Ara. The concept of a modular smartphone -where you can replace a particular
component with another to improve performance and capabilities started in 2012.
Google demoed a few prototypes over the years but did not have a fixed date for
a launch. At the Google IO event in 2016, the company showcased a new prototype
of Project Ara called the Developer edition and announced that a consumer launch
of the device will happen in 2017. However, just a short while later, 2
September 2016, Google announced that the project had been discontinued to
streamline the company's hardware strategy -this throws 4 years of work on the
project down the drain.

HD DVD

Many of you will not have heard of HD DVD -it was an alternative, high-density
optical drive option that was released about the same time as Blu-Ray discs.
While the formats were announced in 2003, the industry was divided into two
groups: HD DVD vs Blu-Ray . Microsoft and Toshiba went with HD DVD and in 2006
the first HD DVD players and discs appeared for consumers.However, in 2008,
Warner Bros -who had the largest share of the DVD market announced, that they
would no longer support HD DVD. This was followed by Walmart -the largest DVD
retailer in the United States.Finally , NetFlix, which was one of the biggest
online video rental services, also revoked support for the HD DVD format which
essentially led to the victory of the Blu-Ray format in a short two years. One
big reason for the victory of Blu-Ray could be credited to Sony -they chose to
include Blu-Ray drives in the PlayStation 3 console which automatically resulted
in increasing the user base of the Blu-Ray format exponentially compared to HD
DVD.

MICROSOFT ZUNE

The iPod digital music player was a gamechanging device that brought Apple back
from bankruptcy . Microsoft wanted to replicate some of that success by
launching a digital music player of their own in 2006. While Apple sold over 100
million iPods in 2008, Microsoft manage to sell 2 million Zune players. Between
2006 to 2011, Microsoft launched four variants of the player but none of them
was able to make any dent on the market. In 2011 Microsoft officially announced
the discontinuation of the Zune device, thanks to what many described as a
spectacular failure against the Apple iPod and other portable music players.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Like peas in an iPod

BYLINE: Digital life John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 208 words


If you want to get a feel for what the rumoured new iPhone 6 will be like, look
no further than the humble iPod touch.

Leaked plans of the iPhone 6 - which are coming so thick and fast that now there
are even drawings purporting to be directly from the phone's manufacturer,
Foxconn - all seem to point to the fact the phone will be very similar to an
iPod touch, only larger.

The first iPhone 6 is expected to have a 4.7-inch screen, compared with the mere
4.0 inch screen on the iPod touch. And, of course, it will be a phone rather
than a music/video/games player. But apart from that, they're identical.

The Italian Mac fan site Macitynet.it, which last week brought us a comparison
of the iPhone 6 and Samsung's Galaxy S5, has this week photographed a mock-up of
the iPhone 6, manufactured from the leaked plans, next to a fifth-generation
iPod touch.

As you can see, t The similarities are striking.

The shells are similar. The buttons are the same. The speaker holes are almost
identical.

Gone are the sharp, squared off edges of the past few iPhone designs. In their
place are rounded edges like on the iPod, only even more rounded.

If Apple hadn't itself designed the iPhone 6, I'd say it should sue the designer
for copying its iconic iPod design.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An iPod touch on an iPhone 6 mock-up.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             January 5, 2014 Sunday

iPhone 6 to come in two screen sizes: Report

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 288 words


NEW DELHI: iPhone is once again in the rumour mill, with speculation mostly
centred around the upcoming model's screen size.

The latest report on iPhone 6 comes courtesy Chinese microblogging platform
Weibo, where a user called C Technology has posted that the model will come in
two screen sizes - 4.7-inch and 5.7-inch. Citing Foxconn executives, the post
says that the two models will feature eye scanning biometric technology, along
with the Touch ID fingerprint scanner.

The report also says that the screen size of the upcoming iPhone phablet may
vary. The Wall Street Journal has earlier reported that Apple is experimenting
with an iPhone with 6-inch display.

An earlier report by Chinese technology website Digitimes also says that the
next iPhone will have a 4.7-inch screen and may be unveiled as soon as May 2014.
This model will be developed using the 20nm processer by Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Company.

It is expected that the upcoming iPhone 6 will have a 64-bit A8 processor,
scratch-resistant sapphire glass body, wireless charging and built-in solar
panel.

Wells Fargo analysts have downgraded the Apple stock from 'Outperform' to
'Market Perform' over concerns about the price of iPhone 6. The investment bank
is concerned that the profit margins of iPhone 6 would be lesser than that of
current and previous models since the component cost would be higher. After the
downgrade, Apple shares fell 1.4%.

Apple is also expected to unveil the iPad Pro tablet with a 12.9-inch
high-resolution screen this year, which will be aimed at students and business
users and replace the Macbook Air. Other rumoured products in the company's 2014
lineup include a smartwatch and a HDTV.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                     November 15, 2014 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Incase Releases iPhone 6 Collection for Holiday Season

LENGTH: 313  words


Nov. 15 -- US-based Incase issued the following news release:

In time for the holiday season, Incase, the original product design company
dedicated to the Apple experience, announces the launch of its iPhone 6
collection.

The inaugural product offering will be comprised of four key products that
display the design excellence Incase is known for.  Form follows form is the
basis of Incase's design philosophy, integrated into each of its new iPhone 6
products.

"Incase was founded as the original Apple accessory brand, so we know the Apple
product line inside and out," said Tony Held, Incase co-founder and CEO. "We've
always prided ourselves on thoughtful products that create a better experience,
so we're confident that iPhone users will love our newest collection of products
for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus."

Quick Snap, MSRP $29.95

The epitome of ease, the Quick Snap attaches easily and securely in one step.
Hardshell construction and a variety of textures provide additional grip, while
raised edges provide an additional element of glass protection.

Halo Snap, MSRP $29.95-$34.95

Offering a protective hardshell, the Halo Snap features a textured,
polycarbonate back plate for enhanced grip. Raised rubber sidewalls on the
case's perimeter provide maximum protection for the iPhone glass.

Leather Zip Wallet for 6 Plus, MSRP $69.95

Constructed of premium full grain American leather, the leather zip wallet
protects your iPhone 6 and carries key essentials all at once via the dedicated
card compartment and low profile design.

Sports Armband, MSRP $39.95

Redesigned for the iPhone 6, the sports armband is the ideal training partner.
The touch sensitive screen cover delivers sweat-proof protection while the
perforated flex band enhances breathability and security.  For extra safety in
dark conditions, Incase equipped the armband with reflective details.

Source: Incase

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Apple sells 6 million new phones 6, 6 Plus version spur record sales

BYLINE: By Julia Love SAN JOSE MERCURY NEWS (MCT)

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 281 words


CUPERTINO, Calif. -- Apple sold more than 10 million units of the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus as the gadgets debuted this past weekend, the company said Monday.

The sales figures, which mark a new record for Apple, came as little surprise
after a weekend in which legions of people in many countries around the globe
lined up for hours to buy the new phones. The Cupertino, Calif.-based company
bested the 9 million phones it sold last year when the iPhone 5s and 5c debuted.

"Sales for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus exceeded our expectations for the launch
weekend, and we couldn't be happier," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement.
"We would like to thank all of our customers for making this our best launch
ever, shattering all previous sell-through records by a large margin."

Though Apple still managed to log plenty of sales, supplies of the new iPhones
appeared to be straining under demand. The iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, sold
out quickly.

"While our team managed the manufacturing ramp better than ever before, we could
have sold many more iPhones with greater supply and we are working hard to fill
orders as quickly as possible."

Analysts expected that Apple would enjoy a gusher of sales when it finally
responded to consumers' cries for phones with larger screens. The iPhone 6,
which starts at $199 with a two-year contract, measures 4.7 inches diagonally,
and the $299 6 Plus has a screen of 5.5 inches.

Apple has also said the phones have sharper displays, better cameras and
extended battery life. In addition, people who purchase the new gadgets will
gain access to Apple Pay, a mobile payments service that lets customers make
purchases in stores with a wave of their phones.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            September 5, 2014 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Apple Unveiling Already Here, Stockwise; New Wares Gave Early Boost; iPhone,
iWatch, iWallet on tap Tuesday, but will firm address the iCloud leak?

BYLINE: PATRICK SEITZ

SECTION: INTERNET & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 821 words


Expectations are sky-high for Apple's fall product unveiling on Tuesday, and
some investors are experiencing vertigo.

Apple stock hit a record high of 103.74 on Tuesday, up 38% since the company
reported its fiscal second-quarter results on April 23.

But Apple shares swooned over 4% Wednesday after Pacific Crest Securities
recommended investors take profits in the stock ahead of next week's event. And
the stock fell 0.8% on Thursday, to 98.12.

Apple hasn't had a hardware launch event since last October when it revealed its
fifth-generation tablet, the iPad Air, and a second-generation iPad Mini.

A month earlier, Apple debuted its  iPhone 5 S and 5 C handsets.

Other than discussing upcoming software at the company's Worldwide Developers
Conference in June, Apple has been quiet about new products.

At a media event Tuesday in Apple's hometown of Cupertino, Calif., the company
is expected to take the wraps off its eighth-generation smartphone, the iPhone
6. Based on information that's leaked out of the company's supply chain, Apple
is seen unveiling two bigger-screen models, with displays of 4.7 inches and 5.5
inches.

The current iPhone 5 series has a 4-inch screen.

Apple also is expected to tout a smartwatch-fitness band that some have dubbed
the iWatch or iBand. Plus, Apple is forecast to unveil a mobile e-payment
service that will let people make purchases with their iPhones in retail stores.

Because no prototypes have made their way onto tech news blogs, analysts are
skeptical that Apple's wearable device will be available for purchase soon.

It might even slip into next year.

When Will Products Ship?

Apple usually doesn't announce products until they are ready to ship, but it
sometimes provides early previews of new product lines such as the original
iPhone, Apple TV set-top box and the redesigned Mac Pro desktop computer.

The pressure is on Apple CEO Tim Cook, who last fall promised the company would
enter new product categories in 2014.

Apple's purchase of Beats Electronics, completed Aug. 1, got the company into
the premium over-the-ear headphone market and subscription streaming music
service.

But Apple hasn't launched any new categories developed internally on Cook's
watch.

The expectations for the iPhone 6, iWatch and iWallet e-payment service are
largely why Apple's stock has risen sharply since April.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Scott Kessler, who rates Apple stock as hold, told IBD:
"We think a lot of the positives are priced into the shares right now. If you
look at the performance of the stock year to date, it is indicative of something
more than the company has delivered thus far. Clearly there's a fair amount of
anticipation associated with Tuesday's event and what's going to come from
that."

While much is known about the iPhone 6, a lot of questions abound regarding
Apple's wearable device and mobile payment service, he says.

The 4.7-inch version of Apple's  iPhone 6 is likely to be available on Sept. 19.
Analysts say the 5.5-inch model has faced production issues and will ship weeks
or maybe a month later.

Susquehanna Financial Group analyst Chris Caso said in a research note Thursday
that Apple's contract manufacturers in Asia have produced about 5 million iPhone
6 units, including about 500,000 units of the 5.5-inch version of the phone.

He sees production accelerating in late September. Caso rates Apple stock as
positive.

"Our estimates assume a total of 65 million-70 million iPhone 6 units for
second-half 2014, and we feel comfortable with those estimates following our
checks," Caso said. "With regard to iWatch, we believe some suppliers have
already begun to supply components for this device, in low volumes. We feel
comfortable with our estimates that assume 10 million units in second-half 2014,
with the device in consumers' hands before Thanksgiving."

Big Draw

Wall Street expects strong demand for the iPhone 6 mainly because of its larger
screen. The 5.5-inch version is Apple's first phone-tablet, or phablet, a market
that to date has been dominated by Samsung's Galaxy Note series.

"IPhone 6 data points appear solid, and we expect demand to prove robust,"
Nomura analyst Stuart Jeffrey said in a note Tuesday. "Gross margins seem
unlikely to disappoint in the way the iPhone 5 did, while a staggered launch of
the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 may sustain growth into the March quarter."

Jeffrey rates Apple as neutral, with a price target of 104.

Another question about the media event Tuesday is whether Cook or another
executive will address the embarrassing iCloud security breach that surfaced
this week.

Hackers broke into the iCloud data storage accounts of about 100 female
celebrities, downloaded intimate photos and posted them on public Web message
boards.

The timing of the scandal is unfortunate because getting people to trust Apple's
new financial platform will be tougher after the public relations mess from the
iCloud breach, S&P's Kessler says.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      January 30, 2015 Friday 6:53 PM GMT

Apple passes gas firms with record $18bn quarterly profit;
Record-setter eclipses previous highs from ExxonMobil and GazpromCompany sold
34,000 iPhones an hour in last quarter of 2014

BYLINE: Dominic Rushe in New York

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 778 words


Apple has smashed into the record books by reporting the largest quarterly
profit in corporate history.

The tech company - already the most valuable on the stock market - reported
profits of $18bn (£11.9bn) for the third quarter of the fiscal year, surpassing
the previous record quarters set by oil companies ExxonMobil and Gazprom.

Apple chief executive Tim Cook called the company's sales "phenomenal" and said
the company had sold 34,000 iPhones an hour every day of the quarter. "This
volume is hard to comprehend," Cook said.

A record 74.4m iPhones were sold in the three months to the end of 2014, the
California-based company announced on Tuesday, comfortably beating analysts'
expectations as sales of its two newest models soared during the Christmas
holidays and found new fans in China.

The record $74.6bn in revenues for the all-important third quarter was well
ahead of the $67.5bn expected by analysts. Apple, the world's most valuable
company, ended the quarter with $178bn in cash.

Sales were led by China, up 70% on a year ago. Sales in the Americas and Europe
were up 23% and 20% respectively.

Related: The biggest corporate profits of all time

The iPad's popularity continued to wane, however. Apple sold 21.4m of the
devices in the last quarter of 2014, less than analysts had expected, but iPhone
sales cheered investors. Ahead of Apple's announcement, analysts had predicted
the company would report sales of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus of between 66m and
70m over the quarter. Apple's shares jumped 5% in after-hours trading on
Tuesday.

"We'd like to thank our customers for an incredible quarter, which saw demand
for Apple products soar to an all-time high," said Cook. "Our revenue grew 30%
over last year to $74.6bn, and the execution by our teams to achieve these
results was simply phenomenal."

Apple had a record-setting year in 2014, with its share price hitting new highs
and taking its stock market valuation to $650bn. Last week, the company revealed
that Cook's pay package more than doubled last year, to $9.22m. Angela Ahrendts,
Apple's new head of retail, took home the biggest award in 2014 - $73.3m -
boosted by a massive sign-on package.

The performance beat Apple's previous quarterly record for iPhone sales, 51m,
set in the quarter ending 28 December 2013.

Apple's latest iPhones were introduced in September and have proved a hit with
consumers. The company had eschewed making iPhones with larger screens until
last year, and the decision to take on rival Samsung and others with a larger
smartphone appears to have paid off.

The introduction of the larger iPhone 6 Plus alongside the iPhone 6 and
lower-priced iPhone 5S and 5C pushed Apple's iPhone sales past 20m a month for
the first time in November, according to recent research from Counter Point.
Japan, Korea and China have proven bright spots for Apple, with
higher-than-expected demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models.

Apple also managed to increase the amount of money it charges for iPhones over
the quarter. The average selling price of the iPhone was $687 in the final
quarter of 2014, compared with $637 for the same period a year ago. The iPhone 6
Plus costs $100 more than Apple's previous high-end model.

In the US, iPhone owners accounted for 42.3% of all smartphone users in 2014,
according to eMarketer, up from 40% in 2013. By comparison, Android users
accounted for 51.3% in 2014, up from 50.5% the previous year.

According to eMarketer, there were 76.2m iPad users in the US in 2014, or 51.8%
of all US tablet users. That market share was down from 54.5% of all US tablet
users in 2013.

In the UK, the number of iPad users reached 15.7m in 2014, up from 12.9m in
2013, eMarketer estimates, but Apple lost market share, falling to 53% of tablet
owners from 57% in 2013.

Apple is preparing to launch the Apple Watch, its first truly new product line
under Cook, who took over following the death of co-founder Steve Jobs in 2011.
The smartwatch is expected to go on sale in April. Cook said his expectations
for the watch were "very high".

"I'm using it every day, love it, can't live without it," he said of the watch.

The product launch comes as Apple is struggling to sell iPads in the face of
cheaper alternatives, winding down sales of its iPod media players and
increasingly concentrating on services like Apple Pay, its credit card-less
payment system that can be used with iPhones and the new watch.

Cook said that some 750 banks and credit unions have signed on for Apple Pay and
that the service already comprises more than two-thirds of all contactless
payments. He said Whole Foods had reported a 400% rise in contactless payments
thanks to Apple Pay.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple plans iPad event on Oct. 16: report

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 452 words


On the heels of a major launch of large-screen iPhones, Apple has scheduled an
October 16 event to update its iPad line, technology news website Re/code
reported Friday.

The event also will include a look at next-generation software for powering
Macintosh computers, Re/code said, citing unnamed sources.

The gathering is to take place in an auditorium at Apple's headquarters in the
California city of Cupertino, according to the report.

Apple did not reply to an AFP request for comment.

If the report is on target, the iPad event will take place a day before Apple
begins selling its latest iPhones in China.

Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on September 19 and
has rolled the smartphones out to an array of countries, but not China where it
took some time to clear licensing hurdles.

Apple's revenue in Greater China -- which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan -- is
second only to the United States, and chief executive Tim Cook has said he
expects it to become the company's biggest market in time.

Apple, which popularized tablets with its iPad, remained the largest single
global vendor in the second quarter but its market share fell to 26.9 percent
from 33 percent last year, as Android makers boosted their share, according to
the research firm IDC.

- iPhone 6 sales soar -

The first day of global sales for the phones was a huge success, with Apple
breaking its sales record for an opening weekend of a new iPhone model,
delivering 10 million in three days and boasting it could have sold more if it
had them.

Both new iPhones have larger screens as Apple catches up with the "phablet"
trend pioneered by competitors such as Samsung, which has had success with its
Galaxy Note series.

The iPhone 6 has a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches, reflecting
a growing preference for big screens on smartphones.

Main rival Samsung has long had a range of larger handsets, which are popular in
Asia.

Apple made a rare apology last week for a software bug in a freshly released
version of iOS mobile operating system that saw iPhone users lose service, and
sought to quell a storm over reports that its new handsets are susceptible to
bending.

Apple downplayed reports on bending of its newly released oversize iPhone -- one
analyst described the damaging claims as "a black eye" for Apple --- saying it
had only received nine complaints about the matter.

The statement said that "with normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and
through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."

Apple released fully updated iOS 8.0.2 software to fix trouble with the original
version of the mobile operating system for its gadgets.

gc/rl

Apple

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Apple to Launch China Sales of iPhone 6 on Oct. 17

BYLINE: Georg Szalai

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 208  words


Apple said Tuesday that its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in
China, after delays, beginning Oct. 17.

Pre-orders from the Apple online store will start on Friday, Oct. 10.

"We are thrilled to bring iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus to our customers in China
on all three carriers at launch," said Apple CEO Tim Cook. "iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus customers will have access to high-speed mobile networks from China
Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom for an incredible experience."

Read more 10 Takeaways From Apple's Big iPhone and Watch Event

The news means the devices will hit the Chinese market, the largest smartphone
market in the world, about a month after they became available in the U.S. and
other countries.

China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued network access
licenses to the new Apple phones after the tech giant addressed privacy risks
raised in a government agency's safety test, the Wall Street Journalreported.
The ministry's concerns included software that it argued could be used by third
parties to access user data.

Analysts have lauded the strong early sales trends for the new iPhones,
including a company record for sales over the first weekend.

Email: Georg.Szalai@THR.com Twitter: @georgszalai


LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Advocate First Edition Edition

APPLE moved to recapture its r...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 190 words


APPLE moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

The California company also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that will
allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival, Samsung, has long had a range of larger handsets and has
tried to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price as existing iPhones at $US199
($215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's new smartwatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                         Examiner First Edition Edition

APPLE moved to recapture its r...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 190 words


APPLE moved to recapture its role as the leading tech trend-setter as it
unveiled its first smartwatch and two large-screen versions of the iPhone.

The California company also said it was introducing a mobile wallet that will
allow consumers to simply tap their phones to pay retailers, aiming to
popularise the idea of mobile payments.

The Apple Watch, a sleekly designed wrist device that links to the iPhone, "will
redefine what people expect from this category", chief executive Tim Cook said.

Also unveiled were the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in a large boost to the
screen size of the popular handsets.

Apple's main rival, Samsung, has long had a range of larger handsets and has
tried to market a smartwatch of its own.

The iPhone 6 will have a screen of 4.7 inches and the 6-Plus will be 5.5 inches,
allowing Apple to adapt to consumers' apparent preference for bigger displays.

The new iPhone 6 will start at the same price as existing iPhones at $US199
($215) for US customers while the iPhone 6 Plus will be at $US299 with a
two-year contract.

Apple said the devices would be available in at least 115 countries by the end
of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple's new smartwatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Apple may forecast first drop in quarterly sales of iPhone

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Jan. 27 -- Apple Inc is expected to report iPhone sales increased
slightly more than one per cent in the holiday quarter when it announces
earnings on Tuesday, its slowest growth ever and far from the double-digit
growth investors have come to expect.


 The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, which boasted record weekend sales when they
launched in September, are now facing weak demand, according to analysts,
because they have fewer distinguishing features than their popular predecessors.
The new iPhones also face tough comparisons with the strong sales of their older
siblings.
 Apple tapped into a crucial market when it unveiled its bigger-screen 6 and 6
Plus phones in 2014, grabbing the attention of Asian customers, who had
previously lapped up phablets from players such as Samsung Electronics.
 "Apple has become a victim of their own success as the blockbuster iPhone 6
product cycle was hard to replicate as many customers are either buying an
older, cheaper iPhone 6 or waiting for the iPhone 7," FBR Capital Markets
analyst Daniel Ives said.
 China, the company's fastest-growing market, may also have weighed on
first-quarter results, as a slowdown in the country's economy forced consumers
to tighten their purse strings.
 Analysts estimate Apple sold 75.5 million iPhones in the October-December
quarter, a 1.3 per cent increase from a year earlier, according to research firm
FactSet StreetAccount.
 This compares with a nearly 46 per cent year-over-year jump in iPhone sales in
the first quarter of 2015. The slowest growth in quarterly iPhone sales so far
has been 6.8 per cent, in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, according to data
from Statista.
 To make matters worse, Apple is expected to forecast a drop in iPhone sales for
the March quarter - the first time that sales will fall since the iPhone was
launched in 2007. This was foreshadowed by disappointing March-quarter forecasts
from the company's Asian suppliers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co
and Largan Precision Co Ltd.
 Apple is expected to sell 54.6 million iPhones in the March 2016 quarter,
according to FactSet.
 The company sold 61.2 million iPhones between January and March, 2015 - a 40
per cent year-over-year increase.
 Analysts said the company would have to wait until the launch of the iPhone 7,
expected later this year, to return to growth, as buyers upgrade to the latest
version.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Illegal Apple iPhone 6 sales flop in China;
Smugglers brought thousands of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones into China,
hoping to make a lot of money. But due to decreased demand and oversupply,
scalpers are losing big.

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 517 words


Chinese smugglers brought in thousands of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones
into the country from Hong Kong in the hopes of striking it rich, but instead,
the nefarious activity could cost them big time.

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus haven't hit the legal Chinese market, one of the biggest
smart phone markets in the world, because they haven't been approved by the
Chinese government.

So, smugglers get Hong Kong citizens to pre-order phones and then buy them at
$325 more than the original price. They get the phones to electronic markets in
China, inside tea boxes or truck axles, and then sell them for between $1,960
and $2,450. But there is a problem - few people want to buy the phones.

Scalpers have been forced to slash the price to between $1,060 and $1,436
because of a decrease in demand and there are too many illegal phones on the
market.

"This year the scalpers' losses will be big," one scalper told The New York
Times. "Stocks of the iPhone 6 are way too high right now."

This is a bad sign for Apple's standing in the Chinese high-end smart phone
market. In the past, customers would pay a premium price for iPhones because
they were seen as a status symbol. Now, new local competitors are giving Apple a
tough time. Companies such as Xiaomi and Meizu Technology are gaining popularity
at less than half the price of an iPhone.

"The local players aren't only playing the price game," Kitty Fok, managing
director of the research firm IDC, told The New York Times. "They have products
that cater to the local market, big screen sizes, optimized connectivity for
China and dual SIM cards."

Ms. Fok said there are 50 million iPhone users in China, and she estimates that
Apple will sell about 4 million phones a month. But both Samsung and Apple are
feeling the impacts of growing local competitors. Samsung's sales dropped in
China last year, and Xiaomi became the country's largest smart phone maker.

Successful smugglers are hoping that a crackdown on phones being brought into
China will help push prices back up. On Thursday, Hong Kong customs officers
seized 286 phones from smugglers. In another bust, officers found hundreds of
phones in truck axles.

Though Apple announced it sold a record 10 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices,
the company has come under fire recently. In the first couple of days after the
iPhone was released, customers complained about their phones bending. It started
a viral backlash on social media, called #Bendgate. Since then, Apple has stated
that it only got nine formal complaints about a bent phone.

But last Wednesday, Apple came under fire again when customers complained that
iOS 8.0.1 caused their phones to stop working. Apple removed the update within
an hour, and now has a fixed 8.0.2 update. These controversies have caused the
company's stock to take a small hit. In the past five days, Apple stock has
fallen 1.24 percent.

If the price decrease of illegal iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones is any indication,
Apple may have a hard time selling its new phones in the Chinese market, which
are rumored to go on sale on October 10, according to MacRumors.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Business: Top online rumors of latest iPhone

LENGTH: 548  words


Apple Inc is expected to unveil its next-generation iPhone in September. As
usual, rumors have gone viral as unsubstantiated stories constantly swirl around
the Internet.

According to data released by Canalys, a mobile market research firm, one in
three smartphones shipped in China was from Xiaomi Inc or Huawei Technologies Co
Ltd in the second quarter. Apple came in third, followed by Samsung and Vivo.

During the same period, shares of the California kingpin fell 2.36 percent to a
six-month low. The stock also fell below its 200-day moving average for the
first time since September 2013.

UBS analyst Steven Milunovich said in a note that the "key investment debate is
whether iPhone shipments can grow in fiscal 2016".

Here we feature some of the hot topics to have been discussed online:

Release date

A member of staff at a China Mobile shop explains a function of the iPhone 5s in
Beijing January 17, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

"The new iPhone will go on sale via telecom carrier Vodafone on September 25,"
said UK-based tech website Mobile News, citing a leaked internal e-mail sent
from Vodafone.

According to the e-mail, the operator outlined pre-launch information, including
that they will begin taking pre-orders from September 18.

Spy shots

Australian website macfixit.com.au, posted photos on Monday which appear to be
the new iPhone 6S Display Assembly. [Photo/macfixit.com.au]

Photos, believed to have been leaked from Apple's original equipment
manufacturer in China, were posted on Sina Weibo, China's Twitter-like social
media platform. [Photo/Sina Weibo]

Slimmer

Exploded view of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus after a product teardown by iFixit in
Australia September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Taiwan-based Digitimes reports that Apple will adopt 0.4t (with a dimension of
3x0.85x0.4mm) LED chips for its backlight units, in order to make its iPhone
even thinner than the previous generation.

The report suggests that Apple will use 0.4t LED chips from Japan-based Nichia
and Toyoda Gose.

Rose gold, Force Touch

A customer holds an iPhone 6 (right) and iPhone 6 Plus after the phones went on
sale in New York, September 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Tech website Apple Insider reported on May 12 that Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who has a solid track record on Apple leaks, issued a new research
note that revealed a number of changes planned for Apple's so-called "iPhone
6s".

He said Apple will offer a new rose gold option, though he didn't indicate how
much the high-end luxury model might cost.

Force Touch, a technology that can enhance user experience due to more input
methods and support of handwritten signatures, will be the biggest upgraded
selling point, but also one of the main bottlenecks in the supply chain.

New Chip

The internal parts of a suspected next-generation iPhone. [Photo/9to5mac.com]

According to 9to5mac.com, one of the main upgrades to the next iPhone's internal
parts will be a redesigned wireless system featuring a new Qualcomm-made LTE
chip.

"The new device will include Qualcomm's MDM9635M chip, also known as the '9X35'
Gobi modem platform," said the report.

This new chip promises significant performance improvements over the "9X25" chip
found inside the current iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, capable of delivering up to
twice the theoretical LTE download speeds.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                            December 21, 2015 Monday
                                 Delhi Edition

Now, Apple Cuts Prices of Latest iPhones

BYLINE: Gulveen.Aulakh@timesgroup.com

SECTION: BUSINESS OF BRANDS

LENGTH: 476 words


Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to 16% just
two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales in what is
historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship devices
nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at ' . 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16% and now ranges between ' . 55,000, according .
52,000 and ' to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of anonymity .
The price cuts are across all variants \xAD 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB -of both
models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus devices
between launch time and now is about 15%, a top executive at a national retailer
said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers."The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an

Apple flagship has been brought down within two months of launch, underlining
concerns around the initial pricing, said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at
Counterpoint Technology Market Research. Apple declined to comment on the
matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at ' '92,000, about . 62,000-..
8,000-.' '9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models were
. 14,000-.' '16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and
Hong Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62% to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the

third time in three months, now starting at '. 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 customers left fuming

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 481 words


Customers who pre-ordered Apple"s latest model iPhones are being left waiting as
telcos keep pushing back delivery dates.

Telecommunications companies say there is a shortage of supply in New Zealand,
but customers - some of whom have already paid for the devices - are questioning
why they were promised something if it was unable to be delivered.

A Parnell hotel manager was among Vodafone customers left waiting for a new
iPhone 6 64Gb handset. He has already paid for the device and has been waiting
10 days for its arrival.

Yesterday, he was told the wait could be up to 21 days for the latest gadget
from the US company.

"I looked at [Vodafone"s] website and I see that it has extended the seven days
to a possible 21 days and I just think that"s not on ... how can a company turn
around and say that to customers that have already pre-ordered?

"I"ve got an invoice sitting in front of me right now ... and I think that"s a
bit cheeky, too - I don"t even have the product in my hand yet it"s on my bill."

Another Vodafone customer who pre-ordered an iPhone 6 Plus on September 21 was
given an unspecified delay.

Vodafone compensated him $100.

A Vodafone spokesman said delays were due to high demand.

"The demand for the new iPhone has been at an all-time high, which for a small
number of customers has delayed the delivery time. We have apologised to those
customers, and we"re working hard to get their pre-ordered phones delivered.

"We"re keeping customers updated on the status of delivery."

New Zealand"s other mobile network operators, Spark - formerly Telecom - and
2degrees, also said there were delivery delays.

A 2degrees spokeswoman said: "2degrees has stock of the iPhone 6 available.
However, with demand for both models being high, supply is constrained at times.

"If 2degrees customers miss out on the handset they"re after, we"re taking
orders and will get a new device out to them as soon as it arrives."

A Spark spokesman said there were similar issues with its customers, but
referred the Herald to Apple, which had not responded by deadline last night.

iPhone 6 - why the wait?

Q: What"s the hype?

A: Tech giant Apple"s latest offerings are the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The
newest model iPhones have been credited for their increased size and range of
features - including clearer screen, longer-lasting battery and faster operating
system - and have already secured a cult-like following typical of Apple
gadgets.

Q: Why are they so hard to get?

A: Customers were able to pre-order the devices before they were released in New
Zealand on September 26. However, supply for some models has been scarce because
of high demand around the world, and customers are being told to wait longer.

Q: How can I get one then?

A: Typically, as with other highly sought after Apple devices, supply will take
a while to catch up with demand.

Click here to read Juha Saarinen"s hits and misses.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Telcos will dial in pre-iPhone offers, say analysts

BYLINE: David Ramli

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 393 words


Australia's mobile consumers could soon get a series of tempting offers from
SingTel-Optus, Telstra and Vodafone Australia in time for September's launch of
the Apple iPhone 6, according to analysts.

Optus fired the first salvo on Sunday when it launched a plan to pay out the
exit fees of customers at rival telcos in combination with a trade-in program
for old phones. This means users who pay out their unfinished contracts to
upgrade to a new Apple iPhone 6 will have the amount credited back if they sign
a two-year contract with Optus.

Its customer managing director Vicki Brady claimed 1.2 million mobile users were
expected to come off their contract over the next four months.

Apple's iPhone 6 is expected to be one of its biggest smartphone launches thanks
to expectations of a larger screen and more features such as near-field
communications [NFC] chips that can enable contactless payments.

"Everyone would acknowledge the [Apple iPhone] 5c and 5s wasn't as big as the
iPhone 5," she said.

"Every indication we see at the moment in terms of interest from our customers
[and] the number of searches going on in the market show there is a big interest
in this week's announcement from Apple. "Our offer makes it more accessible for
customers to be able to get the device early and up to $450 credit will make it
a little easier for them."

Credit Suisse research analyst Fraser McLeish said Optus was aiming to win over
customers who are hungry for the iPhone 6.

"When the new 4G iPhone came out that was a major update and I don't think I'd
put the iPhone 6 in that category but it's always a big event," he said. "This
is the sort of thing Optus needs to do, coupled with an improving network.

"It's fair to say Vodafone is the main target. Vodafone has been targeting high
data usage users especially in urban areas ... and they've mostly done what they
need to on the network but the data sharing targets Telstra users."

But he also said Telstra and Vodafone Australia were likely to neutralise the
offer with similar or better deals.

"Vodafone has to be able to hold that position as having the best pricing in the
market," Mr McLeish said. A Vodafone Australia spokesman said the telco already
allowed customers to upgrade without any penalties in the last three months of
their contracts.

"Customers will save simply by staying with Vodafone," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Optus has contract sweeteners to lure iPhone 6-hungry customers. Photo:
AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                        June 3, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Apple Pay Coming to Grubhub's Customers

LENGTH: 292  words


June 3 -- Grubhub, the nation's leading online and mobile food-ordering and
delivery platform, today brings its customers Apple Pay, which is transforming
mobile payments with an easy, secure and private way to pay that's fast and
convenient.

"We're always looking for ways to make it easier for our diners to find and
order the type of food they want, when they want it, from their favorite local
restaurants," said Sudev Balakrishnan, SVP of Product for Grubhub. "We're
thrilled to bring the ease of use of Apple Pay to our diners. It offers another
quick and convenient way for them to pay for their meals, whether they're at
home or on the go."

Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the
rewards and benets offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works
with iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and
AppleWatch.

Online shopping in apps accepting Apple Pay is as simple as the touch of a
finger with Touch ID, so there's no need to manually fill out lengthy account
forms or repeatedly type in shipping and billing information. When paying for
goods and services within apps, Apple Pay is compatible with iPhone SE, iPhone
6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPad Air 2, iPad mini 3, iPad mini
4 and iPad Pro.

Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit
card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device, nor
on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted
and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is
authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code.

For more information on Apple Pay, visit: http://www.apple.com/apple-pay/

Source: Grubhub

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday
                                 First Edition

The most profitable product in history;
Soaring iPhone sales have given Apple its most lucrative trading quarter ever.
OSCAR WILLIAMS-GRUT reports on the genesis of the world's favourite handset

BYLINE: OSCAR WILLIAMS-GRUT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 1058 words


According to one estimate, Apple spent $150m developing the iPhone. In the final
three months of 2014 alone Apple sold 74.4 million iPhones, worth $51.1bn . That
$150m surely now ranks as one of the best product investments ever.

The phenomenal sales figures, which surpassed Wall Street's expectations, helped
Apple to record the most profitable quarter of any public company, ever. The
company made a profit of $18bn (£12bn), surpassing the $15.9bn oil giant
ExxonMobil made in the second quarter of 2012.

"There are very few products that have boosted the financials of a company in
the way that the iPhone has for Apple," says Ian Fogg, head of mobile at
research firm IHS.

Much has been written about the innovation of the iPhone, but less attention has
been paid to just how profitable it is.

Apple's profit margin in the last quarter was 40 per cent, but IHS estimates the
margin on an iPhone 6 could be as high as 69 per cent. That percentage is
unusually high and especially notable considering that many of the innovations
that made the original iPhone such a must-have item now come as standard on
cheaper, rival phones.

Richard Holway, the chairman of research firm TechMarketView, says part of the
reason is its premium brand. "It's a bit like having a designer label," he says.
"Right back to the launch of the Mac in 1984, Apple has been a fashion icon as
well as being very good on the technological side. What people want is the
cachet that comes with having an Apple product."

Like most Apple success stories, the iPhone can trace its roots back to Steve
Jobs. Shortly after the first iPod was released in 2002, Jobs began thinking
about an Apple phone and in 2005 he personally negotiated a partnership with
mobile network AT&T, then known as Cingular, to develop the product. Jobs put
Jony Ive, the designer of the iPod and MacBook, in charge of the look of the
handset, which was dubbed Project Purple internally.

Since its debut in 2007 the iPhone has become both a cultural and economic
phenomenon, replacing Blackberry as the most ubiquitous smart phone. The latest
market that Apple has set its sights on conquering is China, where the iPhone
launched in 2012. The cheaper iPhone 5c was developed in part to appeal to the
Chinese market, but it is the latest 6 and 6Plus models that have driven Apple's
sales in the last quarter.

"Although Apple don't split out product-specific revenue for China, we can see
overall revenue rocketed and that's almost certainly because of the effect of
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus," Mr Fogg says.

The latest iterations of the handset have been such a hit due to their bigger
screens. So-called phablets - phones that approach the size and power of tablets
- are popular in emerging markets, where people prefer to buy one device instead
of two.

"When I went to China a few years ago I was amazed by the size of the
smartphones people were using," Mr Holway recalls. "A lot of that's do to with
reading Chinese characters on the screen and things like that. Apple at that
stage had one of the smallest smartphones on the market, but the launch of the
iPhone 6 and particularly the 6 Plus has just blown China away."

The runaway success of the new plus-sized handsets may have come at the expense
of the iPad, with sales of the tablet falling by 18 per cent in the quarter.
Marina Koytcheva, director of forecasting at CCS Insight, cautions against
reading too much into this, however, saying: "The tablet market overall has been
in decline, so Apple is really following the trend. If people are buying an
iPhone 6 Plus instead of an iPad mini, Apple is actually better off. The iPhones
command much higher margins."

The question for both investors and Apple's management is where can the company
go from here? Are these levels of sales, profits and growth sustainable?

"They are now very dependent on one product range, which they've never really
been before," Mr Holway says. "The iPhone is all-dominant within the company.
That certainly makes them more vulnerable."

Apple is set to launch its watch product in April, but Holway believes that it
will take "a lot longer to be a hit than most pundits suggest". The
Cupertino-based firm must pay close attention to its iPhone engine-room to make
sure its share price doesn't suffer a nasty bump. "What we've seen in the mobile
market is companies can sustain market leadership for some time, but no previous
leaders have managed to do so indefinitely," Mr Fogg says. "Motorola, Sony
Ericsson and Nokia used to be market leaders, now they're not in the top ranks.
Apple has to keep innovating."

However, analysts agree that despite the high stakes Apple still looks as though
it has headroom, as well as plenty of firepower to back it up. "People will
always need phones and people in developing countries will always want them
too," Mr Holway says. "Don't forget, there are huge marketplaces such as India,
the middle classes in China and Brazil. You'd be a very brave man to suggest the
demise of Apple."

THINKING BIG

OTHER KEY INNOVATIONS

Jumbo jet

Boeing's four-engined 747, dubbed the Queen of the Skies, entered commercial
service in 1970 and halved the cost of flying single passengers. Boeing expected
to sell only 400 jets before it became obsolete but the 1,500th aircraft was
built last July. Boeing had a 20 per cent estimated profit margin on each plane
at one point.

Sony Walkman

"Don't you think a stereo cassette player that you can listen to while walking
around is a good idea?" asked Masaru Ibuka, the Sony co-founder. He was right,
and in 1979, the Japanese firm introduced the Sony Walkman TPS-L2, a 14oz
portable cassette player. Some 200 million Walkman devices were eventually sold
worldwide.

Xerox photocopier

In 1959 the Xerox Corporation introduced the Xerox 914, an automatic commercial
plain-paper copier. The machine was so popular that photocopying became known as
"Xeroxing". The 914, which was called the "the most successful single product of
all time" by Fortune, had a reported 70 per cent gross profit margin.

Microsoft Windows

The graphical user interface for Microsoft's MS-DOS computer operating system
was released in 1985. Today, Windows software still powers about 80 per cent of
the world's desktop and laptop computers, and each program sold is estimated to
offer a 60 per cent profit margin for the American technology giant.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2015 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Susquehanna raises Apple's price target to $ 135

LENGTH: 152 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 25 -- Shares of Apple Inc gained almost 2 per cent after
Susquehanna's analyst raised their priced target to USD 135 from USD 120, citing
improvement in the iPhone 6 plus product mix.

Susquehanna Financial Group analysts said on Monday, "Our recent checks suggest
iPhone production of 60-65 mn for Q4, consistent with our prior expectations.
Apple is producing as much of the iPhone 6 Plus as they can and we view the mix
of iPhone 6 Plus to be a very important driver of Apple's profitability, since
the profitability of the 6 Plus is so much higher than iPhone 6."

Susquehanna added that Apple is making as many iPhone 6 Plus as it can but the "
iPhone demand is still exceeding supply."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2014 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gulf Times

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Ooredoo set for new iPhones launch

LENGTH: 239  words


Ooredoo will officially launch iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus this weekend, it was
announced yesterday. The next generation iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are the biggest
advancements in iPhone history yet, featuring the A8 chip, 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch
Retina HD displays, and an all-new thin design.

"The 4G enabled devices will work seamlessly with Ooredoo's world-class 4G
network, giving customers access to superfast mobile data speeds and the
smoothest browsing experience in Qatar," a statement said.

For the iPhone 6, customers can choose from the 16GB model in silver, space grey
or gold for QR2,799, the 64GB device for QR3,199, or the 128GB for QR3,599. The
larger iPhone 6 Plus will cost QR3,199 for the 16GB model (all colours), QR3,599
for the 64GB, and QR3,999 for the 128GB device (based on availability).

Customers were able to pre-order the devices online via Ooredoo's eShop since
midnight last Friday. The pre-order launch had thousands of people visiting the
company's eShop. Ooredoo said this was the biggest smartphone pre-order launch
the company has seen.

Those who have pre-ordered the phone will receive an SMS and e-mail message,
inviting them to come to a selected Ooredoo branch and collect their device.

Customers unable to purchase a device at the weekend will be able to buy their
selected model on Ooredoo's eShop after the weekend, as the company works to
ensure more stock in the coming weeks.

Gulf Times Newspaper 2014

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 183


                      Copyright 2014 Gulf Times Newspaper
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Fans line up, eager to buy an iPhone 6 in the Berkshires

BYLINE: By Phil Demers, Berkshire Eagle Staff,

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


Photo Gallery | The iPhone 6 arrives in the Berkshires

LANESBOROUGH -- Well before Friday's special 8 a.m. opening at Best Buy, a
handful of Apple fans queued up outside ready to get their hands, eyes and ears
on the new iPhone 6. The scene was similar outside Verizon in Pittsfield.

In some cities, people eager to get one lined up outside stores as early as 8
p.m. on Thursday. Apple released its next generation phone nationally on Friday.

Like any iPhone release, it's a frenzy. For this version, it's all about the
iPhone 6's new dimensions, according to Tyler Meczywor, the connectivity lead
employee at the Berkshire Mall's Best Buy.

"The biggest thing was the larger screen," Meczywor said. "When people have the
iPhone, they usually want to stick with it, but Apple hadn't yet offered a
bigger screen like other companies have."

A new, installment-based payment scheme also proved attractive -- with roughly
half of those who bought the phone choosing this route. The device retails for
between $650 and $850.

Best Buy's general manager Kim Degn described the plan as "basically like APR
for phones." It came about because carriers like AT&T changed their policies,
Degn said.

"You're paying [for the cost of the phone] over time, and it allows you to get
the new phone next year rather than having to wait two years to replace it,"
Degn said.

Providers offer this no-down-payment option for roughly $30 per month.

Because of the former standard of the two-year contract, many of the individuals
who bought the iPhone 6 on Friday were using it to replace their iPhone 4s.

Meczywor said the new payment plan offers better value in the end.

"You end up saving money compared to the standard two-year plan," he said.

"I think it's going to be a game-changer for our carriers," Degn said.

In addition to the larger screen, better camera and other standard upgrades, the
iPhone 6 features Health Kit software and other fitness apps.

In October, people who bought the phone will have a chance to try out another
new capability, Apple Pay, which allows the device to function like a credit or
debit card.

Apple set a new record in pre-orders for the iPhone 6 after 4 million people
bought the device within a 24-hour period on Sept. 12.

Local sales figures -- even the number of phones Best Buy held in stock -- were
not provided because of agreements with Apple.

The 8 a.m. opening time was two hours before the norm for Best Buy. Some of the
first-comers were turned away because Berkshire Mall security missed the message
regarding the early start.

To reach Phil Demers:
pdemers@berkshireeagle.com
or (413) 281-2859.
On Twitter: @BE_PhilD

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Twenty people wait in line outside of the Verizon Store at Berkshire
Crossing for the iPhone 6 to go on sale Friday morning.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Airtel spices iPhone 6 deals with insurance plan

BYLINE: NATION REPORTER -1

LENGTH: 160  words


Price ranges between Sh85,999 and Sh95,999 depending on the memory size. The
iPhone 6 plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Sh105,999.

Customers who buy Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus from Airtel Kenya's shops
will have the devices insured against theft or accidental damage for two years.
The insurance is in addition to the default one-year warranty from Apple, Airtel
Kenya chief executive Adil El Youssefi said.
The company is also offering data plans for customers who buy the phone. Those
buying iPhone 6 will get 3GB data a month for three months while iPhone 6 plus
buyers will get 4GB data a month for four months.
Price ranges between Sh85,999 and Sh95,999 depending on the memory size. The
iPhone 6 plus, on the other hand, is retailing at Sh105,999.
Airtel's deal is part of a growing trend that has seen insurance companies
strike partnerships with phone manufacturers and telcoms in order to get better
access to the growing smartphones market.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

Apple gets off to flying start in Nepal market

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, Jan. 20 -- American cell phone maker Apple has reported making a
flying start in the domestic market with 2,200 iPhones sold in a month.
Generation Next Communications (Genxt), the authorized distributor of Apple in
Nepal, said that 1,800 iPhones had already been delivered while 400 iPhones on
order would be delivered within a week.

Genxt currently offers the iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S models with
different storage capabilities. The company is planning to roll out the iPhone
4S in the near future.

Genxt Managing Director Pawan Kumar Bhimsaria said that iPhones had captured the
imagination of cell phone users in Nepal and that they had received bookings for
4,500 units of the iPhone 6 and around 500 units of the iPhone 4S.

Even though the iPhone had been available in Nepal ever since its launch in the
US, no authentic sales figures could be obtained as the product had not been
released officially in Nepal.

That changed when Apple appointed Genxt as the official distributor in November,
2014 and sales of the iPhone started on December 19. Apple phones are being sold
from Evo Store and Future World. Likewise, 18 Ncell counters are selling iPhones
with service bundling.

"We are extremely happy with the response iPhone has received in the domestic
market," Bhimsaria said, adding that the market had given a very good
indication. "When the phone was introduced, we thought that demand for 16 GB
phones would be high. We were surprised to see people willing to pay Rs 10,000
to Rs 15,000 more to get their hands on phones with 64 GB and 128 GB storage
capacities."

According to Bhimsaria, the iPhone 6 is presently the most sought after phone in
the domestic market. And even though customers can buy Apple phones on an equal
monthly instalment (EMI) basis, the company has seen a majority of buyers making
onetime payments. Genxt said that the trend proved that there is no dearth of
purchasers if there is a good product on the market.

Genxt is confident that the upcoming months will be even better for the company
as supplies have been improving gradually and it is planning to launch more cell
phones models.

"If we have abundant stocks, we can sell 3,000 phones in three days," Bhimsaria
said, adding that the launch of the iPhone 4S, which will have a starting price
of Rs 35,000, will increase the company's penetration in the domestic market.
The iPhone 4S will cater to the demand of people wanting to carry Apple devices
at affordable prices.

According to Bhimsaria, sales of Apple products have started shifting gradually
to authorized sellers from the grey market which too will benefit the company.
"Customers can get a one-year warranty, VAT bill and insurance while buying from
us," Bhimsaria said. "Plus, they can get proper care for their products through
our service centres."

Moreover, while an iPhone in golden colour costs Rs 3,000 more in the grey
market, prices at Genxt are the same for all colour options.

iPad to be rolled out this month

The authorised distributor of Apple products in Nepal, Generation Next
Communications (Genxt), said on Monday that it was all set to introduce the iPad
by January-end. "We have been receiving very good feedback. People are making
frequent inquiries regarding the availability of the iPad," said Pawan Kumar
Bhimsaria, managing director of Genxt, adding that the company was confident
about the product's sales performance.

According to Bhimsaria, a total of 22 different models of iPads will be
launched. The entry level iPad device, the iPad Mini (Wi-Fi), will be introduced
with 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB storage capacities and they will be priced between
Rs 55,000 and Rs 82,000. The iPad Air (Wi-Fi) which will be available in 16 GB,
64 GB and 128 GB storage capacities will cost in the range of Rs 72,000 to Rs
110,000.

"We will also be introducing the same devices with cellular option. Prices of
cellular devices will be 10 percent higher than those with Wi-Fi devices,"
Bhimsaria said. The iPads will be available in gold, silver and grey colour
options. (PR)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone 6 pre-booking starts today

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 7 -- Ending a long wait for the latest iPhones, Apple will
launch its iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in India on October 17.

The customers can pre-order the both models starting Tuesday (October 7) at the
major retail outlets of the partners, Ingram Micro said in a statement.

Ingram, a distribution partner for Apple products, will be selling the products
through its 1,200 retail outlets across the top 24 cities. The company, however,
did not reveal the prices of the two models.

Another distributor, Redington India also confirmed that the phones would be
available from October 17, starting 12:01 am.

We will focus more on the general trade and south wireless chains, said Puneet
Narang, Strategic Business Unit head for Apple products at Redington India.

According to market sources, iPhone 6 will be now priced at Rs. 53,500 for the
16 GB version, Rs. 62,500 for the 64GB and Rs. 71,500 for 128GB. The iPhone 6
Plus would be priced at Rs. 62,500 for the 16GB model, Rs. 71,500 for the 64GB
and Rs. 80,500 for the 128GB.

Both Ingram Micro and Redington India declined to comment on the prices.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched globally in September.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                         May 8, 2016 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Nziphone Introduces Fashion iPhone 6s Cases in Numerous Styles

LENGTH: 301  words


May 8 -- Nziphone offers a wide assortment of iPhone 6s cases in stylish designs
and colors. Buyers can find stand support covers for iPhone 6s in alluring
colors.

Nziphone also manufactures wallet type iPhone covers and cases that are strong
and rugged. The company also launches drop-impact resistant covers and cases in
different colors and styles.

A recent buyer comments, "I found the best iPhone cover from Nziphone at amazing
price rates. There are some beautiful colors and designs too at this website.
You can also find leather case and covers which are attractive and strong. I
ordered a magnificent iPhone 6 case with some of the best features."

There are note book type case and covers in pink and blue colors for iPhone 6.
IPhone covers with windows are also made available through this website. Buyers
can also find iPhone covers with durable and high quality cases. There are
covers and cases which can be attached to the arm while exercising.

Nziphone also introduces transparent covers and cases at affordable price rates.
Based on the website, "Nziphone.com is developed to showcase iPhone 6 cases and
covers. We have designed some of the best cases and covers in different styles,
colors and sizes. It is easy to find iPhone 6 cases through our website. We
endeavor to manufacture phone cases of your choice within the budget. You can
visit our website everyday to find new designs and styles to suit your taste and
lifestyle."

All the phone covers and cases are made with high quality materials and
manufactured in the basis of latest technology. It is long lasting and reliable.
IPhone 6s cases and covers made available through Nziphone.com can be availed at
reasonable price rates too.

To know more about Nziphone 6s cases and covers, please log on to:
http://www.nziphone.com/

Source: Nziphone

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones under fire in  Bendgate  row

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 263 words


Multiple users have been posting photos online of their new iPhone 6 Plus which
have become warped after being in their pockets for long periods of time. The
whole debacle is being called #bendgate.

Unlike LG s bendy G FLEX and numerous other bendy phones that came out this
year, the iPhone 6 was not made to bend. MacRumors, which first reported on the
issue, said  a small but growing number  of iPhone 6 Plus owners had reported in
their forums that their phone had been bent after carrying the device in their
pockets. In one example, a new 6 Plus was bent during a day of  dancing, dining,
and driving to a wedding . Russell Holly, a reporter for Geek.com, said he had
also experienced the issue.  Shortly after reading these reports I checked out
my own iPhone 6 and discovered a similar   but significantly less noticeable
effect,  he said.  Much like these other reports, my phone had been in my front
pocket for an extended period of time while I was driving.  iPhone 6 Plus owners
are also being warned online against bending their phones back into shape due to
the risk of its screen cracking. More than 10m Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models,
a record for a new model, were sold in the three days after the phones went on
sale. The new models are onsale in Ireland from tomorrow. A year ago, Apple said
it had sold 9m of the then-new iPhone 5C and 5S models. Chief executive Tim Cook
said demand for the phones had exceeded the company s expectations. Besides
larger screens, the new phones offer faster performance and a wireless chip for
making credit card payments.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

New iPhones under fire in  Bendgate  row

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 263 words


Multiple users have been posting photos online of their new iPhone 6 Plus which
have become warped after being in their pockets for long periods of time. The
whole debacle is being called #bendgate.

Unlike LG s bendy G FLEX and numerous other bendy phones that came out this
year, the iPhone 6 was not made to bend. MacRumors, which first reported on the
issue, said  a small but growing number  of iPhone 6 Plus owners had reported in
their forums that their phone had been bent after carrying the device in their
pockets. In one example, a new 6 Plus was bent during a day of  dancing, dining,
and driving to a wedding . Russell Holly, a reporter for Geek.com, said he had
also experienced the issue.  Shortly after reading these reports I checked out
my own iPhone 6 and discovered a similar   but significantly less noticeable
effect,  he said.  Much like these other reports, my phone had been in my front
pocket for an extended period of time while I was driving.  iPhone 6 Plus owners
are also being warned online against bending their phones back into shape due to
the risk of its screen cracking. More than 10m Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models,
a record for a new model, were sold in the three days after the phones went on
sale. The new models are onsale in Ireland from tomorrow. A year ago, Apple said
it had sold 9m of the then-new iPhone 5C and 5S models. Chief executive Tim Cook
said demand for the phones had exceeded the company s expectations. Besides
larger screens, the new phones offer faster performance and a wireless chip for
making credit card payments.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 29, 2014 Monday 6:18 PM GMT

Teenagers film themselves bending iPhone 6 in a UK Apple store

BYLINE: Standard Reporter

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 254 words


Two teenagers have filmed themselves bending the iPhone 6 in a UK Apple store
after customers complained the new mobile phone model was too flexible.

The pair shared the clip of their antics on YouTube but removed it after online
commentators pointed out they could be prosecuted for criminal damage.

In the video, which is still available to watch online through other websites,
one of the boys turns to the camera and speaks about their visit to the Apple
store.

He describes breaking one of the store's phones, saying: "We went into the Apple
store and bent the iPhone 6 plus. We did speak to one of the Apple people and he
said the iPhone 6 cannot be bent.

"I asked him about it - but he said 'No, it cannot be bent, it's a rumour'.

Related stories

"But we proved that the screen did pop out - we did have to push it back in as
there was a lot of people there and if we got caught we'd end up paying for the
phone. So we had to get out of there quite quick."

It was not immediately clear which store the pair targeted for their stunt.

Apple refused to comment on the video but reissued a statement they released
last week rebuffing criticisms of the iPhone 6's apparent flexibility.

A spokesman said: "Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be
both beautiful and sturdy. With normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare
and through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus. As with any Apple product, if you have
questions please contact Apple."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

Apple debuts smartwatch, two new iPhones and mobile payments

BYLINE: By Julia Love, Jeremy C. Owens and Troy Wolverton Staff writers

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 1008 words


CUPERTINO -- Apple CEO Tim Cook debuted Apple's first new product category
Tuesday since the introduction of the iPad tablet computer, showing off a new
smartwatch along with two iPhones and a mobile-payments offering built in to the
new devices.

Apple's smartwatch -- called simply the Apple Watch -- has a new user interface,
with Cook declaring, "What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user
interface and strap it on your wrist."

It will come in three different basic forms: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and
Apple Edition, with the last one available in 18-karat gold; Apple Watch will be
a standard offering, while the Sport edition will be sturdier. The wearable
computer will be highly customizable, with different sizes for the watch face
and bands of different colors as well as leather and metal, with a starting base
price of $350. The device will go on sale in early 2015.

Users will interact with the Apple Watch through a dial on the side, using it to
scroll up and down and zoom in, or through its touchscreen, which is made of
synthetic sapphire Apple has been manufacturing in Arizona. The device will have
access to Apple's voice-detection technology Siri, allowing users to guide
through interactions with voice commands, and a series of gestures can help
control basic functions as well.

The watch -- which must be used in tandem with an iPhone 5 or later -- can
record users' vitals, with sensors detecting bodily actions such as pulse rate,
and record them with HealthKit, Apple software introduced earlier this year at
the Worldwide Developers Conference. More functionality will quickly be on the
way: Outside developers received access to build apps for the watch through new
software called WatchKit.

With its customizable form and different possible tasks, the Apple Watch can be
a different device for different users' needs, Cook said, calling it "the most
personal device Apple has ever created."

"I use mine to control the Apple TV, another team member uses his as a remote
for his iPhone camera," the CEO divulged.

Apple introduced two new, larger iPhones that will function with its smartwatch
-- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which Cook described as "the best phones you
have ever seen."

"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhones,"
Cook said.

The iPhone 6 Plus will be 5.5 inches diagonal, a size in between a smartphone
and tablet that has proved especially popular in Asia, and the iPhone 6 will be
4.7 inches, still larger than the iPhone 5S and 5C, which Apple will continue to
sell at lower prices.

The larger form factor will give the iPhone 6 Plus a larger battery and
therefore longer battery life: Apple said that the iPhone 6 will have about 14
hours of talk time, in line with the previous iteration, while the iPhone 6 Plus
will have 24 hours of talk time.

One of the smartphones' big advances is Apple Pay, a mobile-payments offering
that utilizes near-field communications to get rid of credit cards' "outdated
and vulnerable magnetic stripe," as Cook described them.

Instead of using physical cards, Apple's iPhone will connect to users' payment
options, while not storing credit card numbers or security codes. The Apple
Watch will also take advantage of the technology, which needs NFC reading
devices at registers to work properly -- the service starts with 220,000
contactless machines in place at retailers, along with Apple partners such as
McDonald's, Walgreens and Disney.

Apple software leader Eddy Cue stressed the security and privacy of Apple's
payments option, which will link with American Express, Visa and Mastercard.

"Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid
for it," Cue said.

Both new iPhones will be offered in black, gray and gold. The smaller iPhone 6
will have a price tag starting at $199 with subsidies from wireless carriers,
ranging up to $399 for a phone with 128 GB of memory; the iPhone 6 Plus will
range from $299 to $499 with a two-year contract. Apple will begin selling the
phones on Sept. 19 in the United States and eight other countries, and wants to
roll out sales to more than 100 countries by the end of the year.

The two new iPhones will arrive with Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS
8, which will roll out on Sept. 17, marketing guru Phil Schiller announced.
Apple previously showed off the new features of iOS 8 at its Worldwide
Developers Conference.

The biggest disappointment for Apple fans who didn't receive an event invitation
was the company's live stream of the event, which malfunctioned from the very
beginning and never delivered a consistent view of Apple's event. Those
fortunate enough to establish a solid connection to the live stream by the end
of the two-hour-long event were treated to a performance from legendary rock
band U2, which announced its new album will be released immediately for free on
iTunes.

Ahead of the event, throng of reporters and invited guests amassed outside the
Flint Center on Tuesday morning, near a gleaming white structure Apple built,
snacking on breakfast burritos and juice as Apple employees in crimson shirts
with tiny, black Apple logos directed them. Among the VIPs photographed outside
the event were Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo, while
No Doubt lead singer Gwen Stefani tweeted a picture of herself and rapper Dr.
Dre and said they were on their way to the event.

Anticipation for Apple's event has been higher than even the heavily hyped
debuts of the past few years, amid expectations for Apple's first new product
category since the iPad.

"They might be rewriting the history books, as they did for tablets and
smartphones," Matt Margolis, an analyst at PTT Research, said.

Investors excited for Apple's latest gadgets have pushed the company's stock to
new heights in the past month, topping records set amid the release of the
iPhone 5 in 2012, but shares dipped 0.4 percent to $97.99 after Apple's event
Tuesday.

Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at Twitter.com/jowens510 .

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Krungsri First Choice

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 401 words


offers deal for iPhone 6 15-month interest-free instalment loan for purchases

Sucheera Pinijparakarn

The Nation

Krungsri First Choice has launched a 15-month, zero-interest offer on instalment
loans for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus â[#x20ac]" the longest interest-free
period in the credit-card industry â[#x20ac]" in order to boost lending in the
final two months of the year.

Nayanee Peaugkham, executive vice president, yesterday said smart phones had
been the leading items for the company's instalment-loan business over the past
two years, followed by home appliances.

With consumers having eagerly awaited the arrival of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
plus, Krungsri First Choice and the country's three leading mobile operators are
offering attractive promotions to boost spending on the newly arrived products,
she said.

The company's campaign will also attract new customers, she added. Apart from
the 15-month repayment period with zero interest, Krungsri First Choice offers
3-per-cent cash-back as well.

The company decided on the attractive campaign to ease consumer repayment costs
at a time of high household debt.

Most customers in Krungsri First Choice's lending portfolio are young people and
white-collar workers, many of whom want to buy an iPhone 6 but cannot afford to
pay much in monthly instalments, said Nayanee.

The campaign is expected to boost instalment lending by 20 per cent during the
final two months of the year, against growth of 6-7 per cent so far this year,
she said.

However, one key factor that will affect the lending target is the supply of
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus devices, which is initially unlikely to support the
huge demand, she warned. The campaign runs until the end of the year, but the
company might extend it if device supply during the period falls well short of
demand.

The executive said spending via Krungsri First Choice cards in recent months had
been below target because consumers were worried about living costs and tight
budgets.

Actual spending has not risen much, even though credit-card operators and
instalment-loan providers launched attractive campaigns, she added.

Krungsri First Choice targeted loan growth of 10 per cent for the full year, but
Nayanee acknowledged that it was facing a challenge to achieve that goal.

The company is on target in terms of new cardholders.

It projects 290,000 new cardholders this year, increasing the card customer base
to 2 million.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                      July 30, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Booking for Lux iPhone 6 begins, you need to deposit $500 to book one today

LENGTH: 227  words


The Lux iPhone 6 are ready to hit the pre-order status this year before Apple
launches the iPhone 6 this year.

The Lux iPhone's standing for Luxury iPhones are the new  gold, platinum and
diamond, by Brikk.According to the company the new collection includes 14 models
that are luxury versions of the upcoming phone.

The Lux iPhone 6 is built with the 4.7-inch, 128GB model, and is available in
24-carat yellow gold, 24-carat pink gold and pure platinum, says the company in
a release. Buyers can opt to embellish the company logo in a premium version in
Gold or Platinum with Diamonds. Non-plated versions in the original black or
white finishes are also available complete with Brikk's diamond Apple logo.

The report kind of confirms specs of one of the upcoming iPhones, the 4.7 incher
one. Since Apple is yet to come up with any official statemnet on this, we would
still wait for Apple launch event.

The iPhone 6 will cost from $4,495 for the plated models, to $8,395 for the
plated diamond logo models. They can per pre0order with a deposit of $500. The
phones will come with diamond-embedded certificate of authenticity and an
exclusive 1 year warranty.

For the first batch of Lux iPhones pre-orders will begin before Apple organized
its launch event in September. The phones that are booked will start shipping
3-4 weeks after the official release of the iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

iPhone sales give Apple an early Christmas present

BYLINE: Robert Miller

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 369 words


on revenues, earnings and iPhone sales in its fourth-quarter results, with an
optimistic outlook for the forthcoming holiday season.

On the same day that it launched its new Apple Pay digital payments service, the
iPhone maker reported $42.1 billion in revenue for the three months to September
27 against analysts' expectations of $40 billion.

Shares in the tech company rose 2.1 per cent to $99.76 during normal trading
hours and before the latest figures were released. When the numbers were
published after the bell investors piled in and the shares rose another 1.5 per
cent to $101.30.

Apple also enjoyed its best new iPhone launch on record, pushing sales of the
smartphone to 39.27 million in the September quarter. Sales of the iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus began last month and the latest numbers did not include sales in
China, its largest market outside the United States.

The only drawback was the iPad, which sold 12.3 million or 7 per cent less than
the previous quarter.

"Our fiscal 2014 was one for the record books, including the biggest iPhone
launch ever with iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus," said Tim Cook, chief executive of
Apple.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product line-up ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015."

In a sign of confidence in that outlook, Apple said that it expected a range of
$63.5 billion to $66.5 billion in revenues for the current quarter.

Apple also said that it spent more than $20 billion on dividends and share
buybacks in the quarter, a significant escalation over the prior quarter, as it
comes under renewed pressure from Carl Icahn, the activist investor, to
distribute more of its cash pile.

Luca Maestri, Apple's chief financial officer, said: "Our strong business
performance drove earnings per share growth of 20 per cent and a record $13.3
billion in cash flow from operations in the September quarter. We continued to
execute aggressively against our capital return programme, spending over $20
billion in the quarter and bringing cumulative returns to $94 billion."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Ufone to officially launch iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 1128

LENGTH: 158  words


Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership with Apple announced on
Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan.

The popular smart phones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature Smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technologyrelated products and
is widely believed to be the world's secondlargest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      September 8, 2014 Monday 2:28 PM GMT

iPhone prediction: Apple's super-phone will be so thin it'll disappear by 2024;

Every year Apple makes a new phone, even slimmer than the last. When will it
end? Just before the iPhone 6 is launched, we do a data analysis of the iPhone's
key specs to predict its future.

BYLINE: By Sophie Warnes

SECTION: NEWS,AMPP3D

LENGTH: 310 words


Apple releases the iPhone 6 on Tuesday. It's shrouded in secrecy, but everyone's
talking about it. We use data from the iPhone's past to predict its future.

Our first key statistic - depth.In 2024 we'll be buying empty packaging

Given that most years the iPhone gets thinner, it's obvious that at some point
it'll have become so thin that people will queue overnight outside Apple stores
to spend their hard-earned on a beautiful piece of empty packaging.

iPhone DepthBy 2040, the iPhone will be as light as a feather

As the iPhone's depth decreases, so too, does its weight. By 2036 it'll be
lighter than the human soul (according to the 1920s research of Dr Duncan
MacDougall) at just 20 grams. By the 2040s it'll be as light as a feather, quite
literally.

iPhone weight

As we can see, eventually the iPhone will become so good that it no longer has a
physical form - we'll all just happily send our money directl to Apple. Roll on
that glorious day!But these specs will probably remain constant

Enough about the future - here's what we know about the iPhone 6 so far:

1) The iPhone will be rectangular

iphone rectangle

Apple has a reputation for making rectangular phones. In fact, all previous the
iPhones have been rectangular. We think that this year's iPhone will be exactly
the same shape or similar - except thinner, lighter, and/or possibly heavier and
thicker with more features that you didn't know you needed.

2) You'll be able to "make calls"

Experts believe the next model iPhone will have voice-chat capabilities,
enabling you to speak to a far-away friend without resorting to shouting down
two baked-bean cans on a bit of string.

3) It'll have a camera

Cameras are useful for taking photos and uploading them to Facebook in an effort
to convince everybody you're having more fun than they are.

We may even get lucky with more than one camera in this model.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 18, 2016 Saturday

MONEYLINE

SECTION: ; Pg. Z5

LENGTH: 195 words


SCOTT OLSON, GETTY IMAGES

LUMBER LIQUIDATORS CLIMBS ON END OF INVESTIGATION

Shares of Lumber Liquidators soared more than 19% Friday after the U.S. Consumer
Product Safety Commission said it will close an investigation into the company's
use of formaldehyde in its flooring products. The news follows an agreement
between the CPSC and Lumber Liquidators in which the hardwood retailer agreed to
no longer sell laminate wood flooring previously imported from China.

APPEAL KEEPS IPHONE 6 ON MARKET IN BEIJING

Apple is appealing an administrative order issued in Beijing charging the
company's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus with violating a Chinese competitor's
intellectual property. As a result, those models, as well as the iPhone 6S,
iPhone 6S Plus and iPhone SE, continue to be available. Chinese company Shenzhen
Baili claims the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus exterior design is similar to its 100C
smartphone.

BMW MOVES FORWARD WITH NEW PLANT IN MEXICO

BMW has started construction of a factory in Mexico. The facility, estimated to
be ready for production in 2019, will be in San Luis Potosi. It will build BMW's
bestselling line, the 3 Series, producing up to 150,000 cars per year.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     January 28, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Apple posts record profit in Q1 2015: 5 Important things to know

BYLINE: Dailybhaskar.com

LENGTH: 765  words


For Apple the year 2015 has begun with good news of record profits. The company
organized the Q1 2015 financial year first quarter results conference call this
week, it which it announced record quarterly revenue of $74.6 billion and record
quarterly net profit of $18 billion.

The company posted a revenue of $51,182 million from the sale of iPhones which
is more than twice what it earned in Q4 2014.

The Steve Jobs company sold a stunning 74.5 million iPhones in its holiday
quarter, which is past analyst expectations of 69 million in sales. This helped
"drive the company to record profits of $18 billion", says WashingtonPost.

At the conference call, it also revealed the date of shipping for its first
wearable watch. The new wearable announced in September last year - the Apple
Watch - will start shipping in the month of April this year, said Apple.

We bring you 5 more things that were revealed in the Conference call.

1. Market position

This makes it move ahead from Microsoft and Google put together if we look at
their most recent earnings report says the report in WashingtonPost.

2. Chinese market, the helping hand

In Greater China, the margin has grown immensely. Here the sale was at $6,292
million in Q4 2014 and has grown to $16,144 million in Q1 2015. This was
somewhat expected since China is a new market for Apple. Towards the 2013 end,
Apple signed a deal with China Mobile to enter the Chinese market with iPhone 5S
and 5C. In 2014, the roll-out of 4G network in China seems to have helped Apple
a lot as the company noted good sales report in 2014 with iPhones. "China
Mobile's number of 4G subscribers rose from just 1.3 million at the end of
February to nearly 14 million in June," reported DailyTech  in July 2014.

In 2014 Apple did not delay the launch till December (like with iPhone 5S and
5C) and launched the new Iphone 6 and 6 Plus in October 2014 itself, with China
Mobile, China Telecom and China Unicom .

3. A comparison with sales in the last quarter

Compared to Q4 2014 the revenue increased to more than double in Q1 2015 as
Apple not only sold more iPhones, but more iPads were sold too. The sale of
Macintosh computers was almost unaffected.

Have a look at this table:


Product     Q1          Q1            Q4          Q4
            2015Units   2015Revenue   2014Units   2014Revenue
Apple       74,468      51,182        39,272      23,678
iPhone
Apple iPad  21,419      8,985         12,316      5,316
Apple iMac  5,519       6,944         5,520       6,625

(Note: Units in thousands, Revenue in millions; Q1 2015 Unaudited Summary Data)

4. What's the reason for this huge sale?

The sale of Iphone 6 and 6 Plus is the reasons why Apple registered huge
success. Apple went on to bigger display in 6 and 6 Plus and adopted 4.7 inch
and 5.5 inch instead of 4 inch which came in iPhone 5S and 5C. The company also
launched a new design profile with the iPhone 6 and 6 plus ditching the sharp
edge iPhone in favor of rounded corners and smooth-round-edged design.

Launch of Apple Pay with three major transaction gateways - Visa, American
Express and Mastercard is another factor that led to huge sales of bigger
iPhones in US too. Calling Apple Pay as a very strong start for Apple, Tim Cook
at the Conference call said this service "has accounted for two of every three
dollars spent through contactless payments on Visa, Mastercard, and American
Express," reports MacRumours.

"More devices with Apple Pay capabilities leads to greater retailer and merchant
interest, which in turn prompts more consumer satisfaction (more places it
works) and so on," Comments TechCrunch.

4. Launch date of the Watch

According to a news report from Mashable, Apple CEO, Tim Cook during a
conference call with analysts, has revealed that the Apple Watch will ship in
April.

Lance Ulanoff, Chief Correspondent and Editor-at-Large at Mashable, tweeted "Tim
Cook: Development of Apple Watch is right on schedule and we expect to begin
shipping in April" during Apple's earnings call this week.

The watch was earlier rumoured to be coming to stores in early 2015, that is in
March 2015. According to a news report in early January, the Cupertino giant was
planning to organize extensive testing program with a new product (expected to
be the Watch) for store representatives between February 9th and February 16th.

5. Did Apple increase its donations?

Apple donated a record-shattering $20 million this quarter, and with this the
company has donated over $100 million since partnering with (RED). Note that
during the holiday season App Store customers helped make history with their
support of Apps for (RED), a special initiative on the store with exclusive
content where all proceeds went to the Global Fund to fight AIDS.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                               November 19, 2014

Glo Subscribers First With Iphone 6 in Nigeria

LENGTH: 359 words


Globacom, Nigeria's national telecommunication carrier, has become the first
operator to officially sell the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Nigeria. The
operator's flagship outlet was open at midnight on Friday, November 14, 2014,
offering buyers the opportunity to be among the very first Nigerians to own the
devices.

A number of subscribers kept vigil at Globacom's Gloworld till midnight when
Apple officially began the sale of authentic iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
Nigeria.

Apple Regional Sales Manager for Africa, Paddy McManus, was on hand to witness
the sale of first set of the devices to Nigerians at the GloWorld, Adeola Odeku
outlet, Victoria Island, Lagos. He commended Globacom for the creativity of the
launch and the impressive turnout of subscribers.

"This is a very loud move from a loud network in Lagos. I am extremely
impressed. This is what usually happens all over the world when Apple is
launching its products. Nigerians are really great," McManus said.

On-air Personality, Folajinmi Akinsola, was the first person to own an authentic
iPhone 6 sold by a telecommunication network in Nigeria when he purchased the
phone at the Gloworld shop, immediately after it was officially unveiled at
12.05am on Friday.

Former beauty queen, Tobi Phillips, was the first Nigerian female to own an
iPhone 6, when she paid for the phone, which she pre-ordered.

Glo brand ambassadors like Flavour, Naeto C and Chee the Voice were on hand to
pep up the event. Flavour and Naeto C later joined the official Apple team to
present the devices to early buyers who kept vigil at the Gloworld shop to make
history.

At 11am on Friday, an Asset Manager with Arthur Steven Asset Management Limited,
Tunde Amolegbe, sauntered into the Gloworld shop to pay for his pre-ordered
iPhone and thereafter got a celebrity treatment from Glo brand ambassadors Wande
Coal and Waje.

Similarly, at the Gloworld shop located in the Ikeja City Mall, Managing
Director, Cita Petroleum, Thomas Ogunbangbe, was the first to pay for his
pre-ordered iPhone at the shop.

The story was the same in all Gloworld shops across the country, where
subscribers took delivery of their iPhones.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Is your iPhone bending? Get bigger pants

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 704 words


Apple is unlikely to rush a fix for "Bendgate", so if you want to avoid a
cracked screen, fix your wardrobe

Leonid Bershidsky

Bloomberg

To qualify as a hipster, you need to wear skinny jeans, own an iPhone and be an
early adopter of technology. These requirements were easy to meet â[#x20ac]"
until the iPhone 6 and the scandal known as Bendgate.

The term is a popular hashtag on Twitter, where people are trading stories and
pictures of new iPhones, both 6 and 6 Plus, bending in jeans pockets.

At first, the devices develop a slight crease south of the volume control
buttons, where the phone's body, made from a secret aluminium alloy, is
thinnest. If one ignores it, the bend can become more pronounced. Try to correct
it, and the screen will crack.

Lewis Hilsenteger, who runs a video channel dedicated to gadgets, found his new
iPhone slightly bent and decided to make things worse for the public's sake: He
managed to bend the handset out of shape with his bare hands and then destroy it
by straightening it out.

As I scanned all the coverage I couldn't help being reminded of Apple's 2010
"antennagate". The iPhone 4, it turned out soon after it was introduced, lost
wireless reception when gripped a certain way.

Customers and reviewers ascribed the malfunction to Apple engineers' decision to
use the phone's metal frame as the antenna. The company did its own
investigation and found a different cause: It had used a faulty algorithm for
calculating the number of reception bars.

Customers, however, still weren't happy, and Apple chief Steve Jobs gave a news
conference to try to mitigate the public-relations disaster. "We're not
perfect," Jobs admitted. He hated apologising, though, and he spent much time
explaining how certain grips decreased reception on competing devices such as
Blackberries, HTCs and Samsungs.

The bending problem isn't limited to iPhones, either. As Buster Hein quickly
pointed out on the Cult of Mac site, other phones with metal frames, such as the
Samsung Galaxy S4, Sony Xperia Z1, HTC Evo and even the iPhone 5, can also warp
in their owners' pockets.

There is a subtle difference, however: Those other gadgets buckle only when you
carry them in your back pocket and sit on them. For the iPhone 6, the heat and
pressure in the front pocket can be enough.

So will there be an Apple apology, a Tim Cook press conference with slides of
competitors' phones folding up like pieces of paper? The company hasn't
commented, but then it took weeks before Apple reacted to "antennagate".

I don't think Apple is going to waste much breath apologising. The iPhone 6 is
breaking sales records: 10 million were sold on the first weekend. It's also
getting rave reviews. The bending problem is far from universal and the answer
to it is, apparently, to wear slightly more generously cut pants if you're going
to carry the phone in your pocket. Or get a sturdy case.

As for sitting on your iPhone, who said that was acceptable use?

Perhaps a change in hipster fashion should follow the introduction of the year's
most-talked-about smartphone. If anyone can engineer such a shift, it's Apple.

An apology or even an offer of free cases for all wouldn't solve the real
problem, though. "We're an engineering-driven company," Jobs said during
antennagate. The three features of the new iPhones that combine to make them
bendable â[#x20ac]" thinness, big screen size and light metal bodies â[#x20ac]"
are driven by marketing, not engineering.

Since the iPhone 6 is a response to competitors' products rather than a
trailblazing device, it had to be as big as the flagship Android phones but
thinner and lighter. It also had to be made of metal, not plastic, to give it
that elusive "premium feel" that reviewers rave about.

The engineers did the best they could to accommodate the marketing requirements,
but there was a trade-off. As product design engineer Jeremy Irons explained on
Gizmodo, the iPhone 5S was only 7 per cent thicker than the iPhone 6 Plus, but
it was "22 per cent stronger in bending".

The fashion-driven, marketing-driven approach produces only subtly different
results for a company such as Apple, which has the pick of top engineering
talent. The iPhone 6 is still a great phone. Wider pockets are a small price to
pay.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                               December 13, 2014
                                   E1 Edition

TOP CHRISTMAS GIFTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 625 words


My Friend Cayla

The amazing talking doll that is wirelessly connected to Google. It's the first
doll to talk about herself and answer general knowledge questions with the help
of an internet connection. Girls can chat with Cayla, find out about her, share
stories and play games with the help of a smart device.

Cayla doesn't look on websites containing inappropriate material and there are
multi-layered online safeguards in place meaning that using Cayla online is very
safe.

Price: R999

Store: ToysRus

LeapFrog LeapPad3

From the makers of the number one kids' learning tablet comes LeapPad3, a sleek,
powerful and fun-packed 5 inch |wi-fi tablet that allows kids to learn and play
safely. Kids can access an educator-approved library of 400 games, apps, eBooks,
videos and more. Ages 3-9.

Price: R1 599.90

Store: ToysRus

MiP Robot

MiP robotic friend, a small iOS or Android smartphone remote controlled robot
which responds to motions, be it your hand or an object.

It balances on two wheels. If you wave, it waves back, and if you lead it around
it will follow you. It can even fetch you a cooldrink.

Price: R1 360

Store: Kalahari Online

Beats By Dre Solo HD headphones

Based on the popular Beats headphones, Monster now offers the Beats by Dr Dre
Solo HD On-Ear Headphones with ControlTalk (Red).

The Beats Solo HD headphones have a smaller, lighter design than their big
brother, but offer high-definition sound.

Price: R2 699

Store: Kalahari Online

Justin Bieber Singing Toothbrush

If you have a young family member who forms part of the worldwide Bieber fan
club, you can now use that devotion to the star to help your kid ease back into
the back-to-school morning and nightly routine of... teeth brushing.

Inspired by Bieber himself, Brush Buddies has come up with a gadget that will
|inject some glamour into that part of the grooming ritual: a Justin Bieber
singing toothbrush.

As the name suggests, the battery operated Bieber brush sings while it spins.
Upon pressing the "on" button, the brush plays a Bieber hit track for two
minutes - which is the recommended length of time that dentists recommend all of
us spend on cleaning our pearlies.

Price: R285

Store: local e-tailer TakeALot.

Wakaberry Lip Balm

This summer, Wakaberry has found a way for you to take your favourite Wakaberry
flavour everywhere you go. The new Wakaberry lip balms have been designed to
remind you of some of the most lip smacking, delicious Waka-berry flavours:
Cherry Blossom, Blueberry Blast and Vanilla Swirl.

Price: R32 each

Store: available at all Wakaberry stores (there are now 40 stores nationwide)

iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

The iPhone 6 series includes a number of changes over its predecessor, including
models with larger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays, a faster processor, upgraded
cameras, improved LTE and wi-fi connectivity. Pre-orders of the iPhone 6 series
exceeded 4 million within its first 24 hours of launching - an Apple record.
More than 10 million iPhone 6 series devices were sold in the first three days,
another Apple record.

Prices:

iPhone 6 - 16GB = R9 899

iPhone 6 - 64GB = R10 999

iPhone 6 - 128GB = R12 599

iPhone 6 Plus - 16GB = R10 999

iPhone 6 Plus - 64GB = R12 599

iPhone 6 Plus - 128GB = R13 999

Store: All iStores

Nespresso UMilk machine

The UMilk machine adapts to almost any kitchen interior and coffee rituals with
its adaptable form.

It offers ultra-convenience and sophisticated technology featuring modular
design and fully automated capsule piercing, brewing and ejection by simply and
effortlessly closing its slider.

With its pure and elegant lines, sophisticated design and tactile interface, U
is the new coffee machine that fits perfectly into your life. Choose from two
colours: Pure Cream or Pure Black.

Price: R2 500

Store: Online at www.buynespresso.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iSay! New iPhone is bending out of shape in pockets

BYLINE: Sally Guyoncourt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 261 words


APPLE'S new ultra-thin iPhone is bending out of shape in its owners' pockets, it
emerged last night.

The £620 phone - which only went on sale in the UK on Friday - has a slimline
body and a supersized screen, and that appears to be the cause of the problems.

The internet has been swamped with pictures of warped and misshapen iPhones.

Shatters

One particular YouTube video, already viewed 13.8 million times, showed an
iPhone 6 Plus bending under the pressure of the fingers of its owner, Lewis
Hilsenteger of US website Unbox Therapy.

Another iPhone 6 Plus owner told how his smartphone had become irreversibly bent
after he sat on it during a long drive.

The bent phones seem to operate in most cases although the screen shatters if
the phones are forced back into shape. The new models are about a quarter of an
inch thick and housed in a single piece of moulded aluminium alloy.

They have larger screens than previous models, and the weakest area is reported
to be around the volume buttons where the frame is thinnest.

Apple has refused to comment on the reported problems with the latest iPhone
model.

But it is not the first time it has faced setbacks with the iPhone.

Following the launch of the iPhone 4 in 2010, Apple was forced to give new
owners a free case to resolve a problem with the antenna.

The new models - the iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone 6 - sold more than 10 million
worldwide in the three days after they were launched, breaking records for
opening weekend sales.

In London, Apple fans queued for up to 10 days to get their hands on the new
models.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two of the trendy new ultra-thin iPhones that ended up as casualties

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday

iPhone 6 erode Samsung market share;
iPhone 6

LENGTH: 216 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple is chipping away at Samsung's dominant position in its home
turf of South Korea - thanks to its new iPhone 6 series.


Apple is chipping away at Samsung's dominant position in its home turf of South
Korea - thanks to its new iPhone 6 series.

Apple captured a record 33 percent market share in South Korea in November, the
highest ever for a foreign brand, according to a monthly report released by Hong
Kong-based market research company Counterpoint on Wednesday. In contrast,
Samsung's share slipped to 46 percent after hovering around 60 percent for five
months.

Apple's gains in South Korea are telling, as November was the first full month
that the larger-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were sold in the country. The sales
likely came at the expense of Samsung's flagship Galaxy Note 4 phablet launched
in late September.

"iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have made a difference here, denting the competition's
phablet sales," Counterpoint analyst Tom Kang said. "If there was a better
supply of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus 64 GB and 128 GB models, then Apple's share could
have climbed to the 40 percent level." Analysts in South Korea generally expect
Samsung to have lost further share of the global market in October-December for
the fourth consecutive quarter as Apple extended its lead in the premium segment
and upstarts like China's Xiaomi Inc made huge inroads into the low-end market.
(Reuters) For more visit www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                        May 11, 2014 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

Alleged iPhone 6 leaks in wild, could be water resistant

LENGTH: 128  words


While the Internet is still full of news of the upcoming iPhone 6 which is
rumoured to be launched in August, we are getting alleged leaked images of the
new phone.

GSMArena has posted pics of the new phone leaked last week- comparing to iPhone
5S and iPod. One pic also featured the iPhone 6 dropped in water. Wither it is
water resistant or it is a non-working prototype.

The iPhone 6 is under production in China and leaked in dimension of 7mm and 6.1
mm thickness. "Apple security in China seems to have really broken down as an
iPhone 6 dummy was photographed all around a city", says the news report.

Revealed: Cheaper iPhone coming to India with A6 processor and 8MP camera

From slim battery to Galaxy-like design: Here's what to expect in iPhone 6
launching in August!

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 499  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

China Mobile did not disclose whether the preorder would be expanded to the rest
of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. Xu Zhongyuan / China Daily

(China Daily 09/03/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

BYLINE: Gao Yuan

LENGTH: 499  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

China Mobile did not disclose whether the preorder would be expanded to the rest
of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. Xu Zhongyuan / China Daily

(China Daily 09/03/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

China Mobile ringing up sales for hotly anticipated iPhone 6

LENGTH: 499  words


Try not to have a party before payday this month. You may need money earlier
than you thought if you want to show off that new iPhone 6 to your colleagues.

On Tuesday, a week before Apple Inc is set to unveil its next-generation
smartphone, China Mobile Ltd - the world's biggest telecom carrier by subscriber
number - kicked off online preorders for the widely anticipated device.

China Mobile's preorder campaign also confirmed rumors that Apple will release
larger screens for the device as buyers are asked to choose either a 4.7-inch
version or a 5.5-inch one. The iPhone 5S has a 4-inch screen.

The program is available only in Beijing and, as of Tuesday evening, had
attracted more than 33,000 orders. It remains unclear when the buyers can get
the device. A person familiar with the matter told China Daily the first iPhone
6 could be distributed to Chinese customers as early as mid-month.

China Mobile did not disclose whether the preorder would be expanded to the rest
of the nation. Apple is slated to unveil the devices on Sept 9 in San Francisco.

Online reservations are the usual way that Apple enthusiasts on the Chinese
mainland get the first batch of iPhones. On Taobao, the largest
consumer-to-consumer e-commerce platform in China, hundreds of stores that are
receiving the iPhone 6 are asking for a down payment of about 5,000 yuan ($810).

"Many people are asking about the iPhone 6, but only a few have paid the
preorder fee," said Li Lijun, an electronics seller on Taobao. A total of 16
people had ordered the device from him since July.

Significantly fewer people are opting to book iPhones from unofficial dealers
this year as opposed to several years ago because Apple products now become
available on the Chinese mainland shortly after the worldwide launch.

The top Taobao shops each gathered roughly 200 preorders this year, compared
with the iPhone 5 release, when some stores received about 700 preorders,
according to Li.

Apple dropped to sixth place in market share among smartphone vendors in China
in the second quarter of this year, according to data from industry researcher
IDC.

Its quarterly shipments were on par with second-tier local makers such as vivo
Communication Technology Co Ltd and OPPO Electronics Corp, said IDC.

Sales of iPhones in China are predicted to face stiff competition from domestic
smartphone vendors Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd as they release their
flagship devices.

On the same day that China Mobile started its reservation service for the iPhone
6, Chinese company Meizu Telecom Equipment Co Ltd introduced its latest
smartphone in Beijing.

Meizu, a niche player, is said to be planning 1,000 brick-and-mortar retail
outlets in the country, challenging Apple and Xiaomi.

gaoyuan@chinadaily.com.cn

Customers look at iPhone devices at a store in Xuchang, Henan province. China
Mobile began to take preorders for the iPhone 6, to be released by Apple Inc on
Sept 9 in San Francisco. Xu Zhongyuan / China Daily

(China Daily USA 09/03/2014 page13)

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple iPhone 5s Price Cut Delayed In India?

BYLINE: Kamya Kandhari, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 242  words


iPhone 5s new price may not be effective till 'end of october'.

Thursday, September 18, 2014: Few days back there was a huge buzz created in the
market about the fall in iPhone 5s price in India. But the excitement couldn't
go for long after Apple India rolled back the price cut decision it made.

Last week, Apple distributors in India made a significant price cut announcement
in iPhone 5S 32GB which is presently priced at Rs 62,500, cutting it down to Rs
49,500. The reason behind taking back the decision is not yet known. Apple
distributor Redington reported in a communication with the dealers on Tuesday
that the Apple new iPhone 5s shipment with new MRP label has been delayed to the
end of October; new prices can only be availed after the stock from Apple is
received.

Earlier 26 September was decided as the launch date for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus in India on Apple's website which was later changed to 17 October and then
after some time any detail about the launch date was removed from the website
assuming the reason to be shortage of stock availability. Few days back Apple
announced that it has launched sold 4 million units of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus on the first day of pre-order with some models getting their delivery dates
in November.

The MRP of iPhone 5s 16GB was cut down to Rs. 44,500 as compared to 53,500
launch price. However 16GB iPhone 5s was seen available online for between Rs.
35,000 and Rs. 40,000 for quite sometime.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2014 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 27, 2016 Wednesday 3:02 PM GMT

Decline in iPhone sales leads to first revenue decline in 13 years for Apple;
Much of the falloff is attributable to the stuggling Chinese economy, still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US

BYLINE: Sam Thielman and Rupert Neate in New York and Alex Hern in London

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1014 words


Apple shares dropped on Tuesday afternoon after the company reported a nearly
13% fall in quarterly sales, the first time revenue at the world's most valuable
publicly traded company has declined in 13 years.

As of publication time, shares were down more than 7% without appearing to hit
bottom. Revenue was predicted by Apple itself to fall between $50bn and $53bn -
it came in on the low end of that range, with a final tally of $50.6bn, a 13%
drop.

Apple said the decline would continue, predicting revenue between $41bn and
$43bn for the June quarter.

The company had warned investors to brace for impact. The iPhone accounts for
nearly two-thirds of Apple's revenue and the company sold 16% fewer iPhones than
it had during the same period in 2015, and made 18% less money from them. The
total tally for the device was $32.9bn from 51.2m phones sold; the year previous
Apple brought in $40.3bn from 61.2m phones.

"Despite the pause in our growth, our results reflect excellent execution by our
team despite strong macroeconomic headwinds in most of the world," said Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO.

Related:  'Worth it': FBI admits it paid $1.3m to hack into San Bernardino
iPhone

Much of the falloff was attributable to the struggling Chinese economy. The
nation's consumer technology sector is in flux, as is the yuan. Still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US, the Chinese
segment of Apple's dismal report declined by more than a quarter of its value.
The business made $18.4bn in China in the second quarter of 2015; in the
previous three months it made $12.5bn.

Annette Zimmerman, research director at tech research and advisory company
Gartner, wrote last month that the problem was not Apple's alone, pointing out
that the entry price of a smartphone in the developing world was still a
barrier, even among very inexpensive devices.

"Vendors were not able to reduce the price of a 'good enough to use' smartphone
lower than $50," Gartner wrote.

Earnings were released around 4.25pm ET, when Apple shares hovered around $104 a
share. Half an hour later, the stock price had declined 7.8% to under $97 and
falling.

Despite the sales decrease and warning about its growth, Cook said "the future
of Apple is very bright" and promised that the company has some "amazing
innovations" in the pipeline. One of those new products should be the iPhone 7
which, based on rumors from Apple's supply chain, could have a new kind of
headphone port, be dust-proof and waterproof, and may even have a totally
redesigned home button.

It is the first time Apple's sales have fallen since 2003. Back then, the iPhone
didn't exist. Apple was still selling Power Mac computers and had sold only
600,000 iPods. It was the year iTunes was launched, which revolutionized the
music business.

The iPhone came out in 2007, followed by the iPad, and both were constantly
updated with new, much-anticipated iterations which sold in their hundreds of
millions around the world, sending the company's sales to ever higher levels.

A year ago Apple sold $58bn of gadgets - or nearly $650m a day - in the first
three months of the year. Two-thirds of that revenue came from iPhones and sales
were powered by the new iPhone 6.

Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said it was difficult for the
company to match sales it achieved with the launch of the new larger version.
"The iPhone 6 is an anomaly, and so it creates a very difficult comparison for
us," he said.

Related:  Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people

Questions are being asked about whether 2015 will turn out to have been the year
of "peak iPhone".

Some analysts believe the sales reverse is because of the soaraway success of
the iPhone 6 and its bigger stablemate, the 6 Plus.

With screens measuring 4.7 and 5.5 inches, the two phones, launched in September
2014, were the largest the company had ever released. The 6 Plus was Apple's
first foray into the world of so-called "phablets": hybrid devices, smaller than
a tablet but larger than a conventional smartphone, which had proved
particularly popular in Asian markets.

They were a huge success, with the two models selling 4m in their first 24
hours. Last September Apple pushed the bar even higher, with the launch of the
iPhone 6S. But keeping up the pace of sales was always going to be a big ask.

Cook gave the the first hints of a downturn back in January. He blamed the
phenomenal success of the initial iPhone 6, which has been so popular it sold
out, forcing some customers to delay their purchases. That artificially boosted
sales in the next quarter, making it harder to keep on breaking records.

Morningstar analyst Brian Colello, however, reckons the latest iPhone just isn't
very exciting. "Fewer customers had incentive to trade up for the latest iPhone
this year if they bought an iPhone 6 just over a year ago."

Apple has been the master of invention, but real innovation is now proving
tough. The Apple watch, its first new product without co-founder Steve Jobs at
the helm, has been underwhelming. Apple won't release sales figures for the
device, instead lumping it together with the Apple TV, iPod and accessories.
Combined, that entire category is less than a tenth the size of the iPhone.

Analyst John Kirk, of Techpinions, said : "Those impatient for Apple to reinvent
the world on an annual basis simply ignore the reality that iteration on
existing tech products is the norm and significant change is the rare
exception."

But Apple does have big projects under way. It's probably the worst-kept secret
in Silicon Valley that the company is working on an electric car, poaching
engineers from Tesla and scouting for test locations in California. And it's
also been hiring engineers and filing patents that also suggest it's working on
a virtual reality device of some sort.

In the meantime it is still piling up cash. It now has a cash mountain of
$233bn, more than all the foreign currency reserves across the world and more
than the Czech Republic, Peru and New Zealand make in gross domestic product
(GDP) a year.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 19, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Samsung strikes back with designer phone

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 214 words


SAMSUNG is striking back against the iPhone 6 with a blitz of new smartphones to
arrive on the Irish market in the coming weeks.

The electronics giant launched a designer (EURO)600 handset in Dublin last night
to compete with Apple's newly announced handsets.

Samsung's 4.7-inch Galaxy Alpha model ditches the manufacturer's traditional
plastic casing in favour of metal edging, which it hopes will attract
fashion-conscious customers rather than just tech-savvy ones.

The phone is slightly smaller than the firm's existing Galaxy S5 phone and has a
marginally less powerful camera.

Samsung has been nervously looking on as long queues for Apple's newest phones
formed over the last week outside shops in the US, Britain and Germany, where
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus go on sale today. Irish outlets will not stock
the new iPhone until next Friday.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are set to significantly dent Samsung's market
share due to the Apple devices' larger screen sizes.

Previous Apple iPhones were restricted to 3.5-inch and 4-inch handsets, allowing
Samsung to capture a large part of the most valuable end of the market for big
screen devices. The new iPhones have displays up to twice the size of the iPhone
5 and are expected to undercut the appeal of Samsung's top models.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                      August 25, 2016 Thursday 9:54 AM GMT

Dreaded iPhone 6 'Touch Disease' makes handsets USELESS;
Experts say millions of handsets could potentially be affected

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 334 words


Two of Apple's signature smartphones, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, are suffered from
'Touch Disease'.

According to repair experts, the bug - which breaks screens - is affecting a
growing number of the smartphones.

A design flaw in the handsets renders them completely unusable if infected,
according to repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

Never miss a text message again with this hidden iPhone feature

There is some respite to be found, say experts, by twisting your handset
slightly and applying pressure to the screen.

Doing this can make the smartphone work - albeit briefly - but the problem lies
in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' logic board, the part of the phone that facilitates
communication between the different elements of the device.

The Touch IC chip, which controls how the screen responds to touch, connects to
the board through a lot of little solder balls.

Is your phone dying too quickly? New super-battery may offer a solution

As the phone is bent and twisted slightly over time these balls crack and lose
contact with the board, resulting in a dead area appearing on the screen.

As such, there isn't a quick fix for the problem as replacing the screen on your
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus won't solve the issue.

To fix it, you need to replace the Touch IC on the phone's logic board, a
procedure that Apple reportedly can't do in store.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

UAE retailers expect iPhone 4-6 weeks after US launch

BYLINE: Sarah Algethami Staff Reporter

LENGTH: 780 words


Dubai: Retailers in the UAE are expecting the highly anticipated iPhone 6
smartphone, scheduled to be revealed on Tuesday, to be available in the country
four to six weeks after it is available to consumers in the US. The exact
release date is not yet known.

The launch of the new iPhone is expected to be one of the largest events this
year. There has been a lot of interest from international media on the
smartphone in recent months, with pictures and rumours about its features
floating on the internet.

"There is definitely a lot of anticipation for the device, especially
considering flagship devices have traditionally done well here," said Ashish
Panjabi, chief operating officer of consumer electronics retailer Jacky's.

At tonight's event, consumer electronics giant Apple is expected to unveil two
iPhones with larger screens, and a wearable computer, which has been dubbed the
iWatch.

The price of the iPhone 6 is not yet known. It will reportedly go on sale by the
end of the month, while the smartwatch is expected to go on sale next year.

Last year, Apple launched the iPhone 5S and the low-cost iPhone 5C, with a
4-inch display. The 5S model was sold for Dh2,749 (16GB), Dh3,149 (32GB) and
Dh3,549 (64GB), when it was launched, while the 5C was priced Dh2,349 (16GB) and
Dh2,749 (32GB).

"It is hard to predict the exact pricing strategy that Apple will follow, but
one thing is for sure, that it is not going to follow the generic trend of
smartphones these days with lower ASPs [average selling prices]," Nabila Popal,
research manager for the Middle East, Africa and Turkey at market researcher
International Data Corp (IDC), told Gulf News in an emailed statement.

Neelesh Bhatnagar, chief executive of consumer electronics retailer Emax, does
not expect the new smartphone to be priced much higher than its predecessors.

The smartwatch will likely come in two sizes, feature a display measuring 2.5
inches diagonally, and have computing power, according to international media
reports. Also, it is expected to connect wirelessly with iPhones.

With the smartwatch, Apple will be competing with companies that sell wearable
devices, such as Nike, Fitbit and Samsung.

The market for wearable devices is growing quickly. According to IDC, global
shipments of wearable computing devices will exceed 19 million units in 2014,
tripling last year's sales.

The new iPhones are expected to come in two screen sizes- one measuring 4.7
inches diagonally and the other 5.5-inches- and have faster processors. The
smartphones will reportedly have the iOS8 system.

With iPhones that have larger screens, Apple will be competing with Samsung,
which launched its new Galaxy Note 4 last week.

"There is a shift to larger screen sizes than the four inches Apple currently
offers. The sweet spot seems to be between 4.7 and 5.7 [inches] at the moment,"
Panjabi said.

IDC's Popal said that having a larger screen for the iPhone 6 "is likely to work
really well for Apple, as it will address one of the most popular concerns of
the iPhone users and would be users, being its much smaller screen sizes
compered to its arch rival Samsung's and many other popular brands today."

She said that an iPhone with a larger screen will have "some impact" on the
market share of its competitors that already have large-screen smartphones.

Most of the demand for large-screen smartphones is in the US and Asian
countries, according to Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner, an
information technology research and advisory firm.

"Big-screen smartphones have been selling in good volumes," he said.

Demand for the iPhone 6 in the grey market is expected to drop, as was the case
last year, when the 5S and 5C hit UAE shelves a few weeks after they were
available in the US. The first four iPhones took longer to launch in the UAE
than last year's models.

"The grey market demand has dropped dramatically with the last few launches as
the official release dates were not as long as they once were in the UAE. There
is still a segment willing to pay any price to get it first, but we expect the
vast majority of consumers will be willing to wait and pay a more reasonable
price," Panjabi said.

On whether telecoms operator du will sell the iPhone 6, a company spokesperson
said in an emailed statement: "We understand the nature of the local market and
its eagerness to be early adopters of newest global technologies. Therefore, we
assure our customers that we will continue to be the first to launch any new
smartphones in the UAE after evaluating the level of interest."

Etisalat did not respond by deadline.

Retailers said that they plan to sell accessories for the iPhone 6 once it is
available in the UAE.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2014 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     September 19, 2014 Friday 3:56 PM GMT

iPhone fans snap up new handsets

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 949 words


One of the first people to get his hands on the new iPhone this morning felt "on
top of the world" and said he wanted to celebrate by taking a selfie.

Jameel Ahmed, 26, and his friend Sam Sheikh, 27, originally from India and now
living in London, were the first two technology fans through the doors of the
Apple store in Covent Garden to pick up the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
handsets.

Leaving with his purchase, Mr Ahmed said he was "really excited", adding: "I'd
like to open it and take my selfie."

Hundreds of people queued outside the store and took part in a 10-second
countdown before the doors opened at 8am and cheering fans were escorted in by
staff.

The US company announced the new devices to much fanfare at a highly anticipated
event in California last week.

Some fans were so keen to get their hands on the new iPhones they began camping
outside the Apple store in Regent Street, London, on Monday.

Around 30 or so people set up camp outside the store yesterday, with tents,
tables and chairs and even bottles of wine bearing testimony to their
dedication.

Mr Ahmed said: "It's a challenge with my friends that I'll have the iPhone
first."

Mr Sheikh said he was glad his pursuit of a new iPhone was more successful than
his last attempt, when he queued for almost seven nights and felt like a
"loser". He said he was feeling "very excited, very content, very successful".
On Monday Apple announced a record number of first day pre-orders of the two
handsets, with more than four million in the first 24 hours.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are available in 10 countries from today,
including the UK, the US, Australia and Singapore, and a further 20 next Friday.

Both handsets will be available in new sizes for the first time, with the iPhone
6 offering a 4.7in screen, while the 6 Plus boasts the biggest screen Apple has
ever produced for a smartphone at 5.5in.

Network operator EE said it will ensure that customers who pre-ordered new
handsets through Phones 4u, which went into administration on Sunday, would
still be able to get them in its stores.

A spokesman said: "All across the country we have set aside iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus handsets, enough for Phones 4u customers who pre-ordered iPhones on EE
through Phones 4u.

"If they go into EE stores and show their pre-order receipts they will be able
to claim one of the devices."

Even though the packed queue outside the Apple store in Covent Garden was almost
entirely male, research has found women check their phones more often than men.

They may not have risen early to join the queue, but a survey by telecoms
company Daisy looking at how people engage with mobile technology found there is
a gender divide with women proving to be more avid smartphone users than men.

The survey of 2,000 people - 750 women and 1,250 men - found 18% of women check
their phones at least once every hour as opposed to 13% of men.

Calling into the Regent Street store to pick up new phones were celebrities
including Mamma Mia! star Dominic Cooper, Bronson actor Tom Hardy, his fiancee,
actress Charlotte Riley, and Doctor Who star Jenna Coleman.

Meanwhile, tech experts said Apple is making its rivals "continually up their
game".

Stuart Miles, founder of gadget website Pocket-lint, said: "U ltimately the two
new iPhones will be very successful because while Apple doesn't deliver new tech
it delivers it in such a way that consumers want without getting bogged down
with tech specs.

"Apple's attention to detail has a huge knock-on effect in making other
manufacturers continually up their game.

"You only have to look at brands like Nokia and BlackBerry to see what happens
if they don't."

David Phelan, a tech writer at the Covent Garden store this morning, said Apple
"make a real event of it".

"You get quite caught up in the moment of it," he said.

Mr Phelan said the company is "amazing" at creating hype, saying it is
"unbeaten" in that respect.

In terms of the devices' bigger screens, he said Samsung "got there way before
anyone else", adding that Apple have gone for a bigger screen as they are
recognising what people want.

Mr Phelan said the device with the bigger screen - the iPhone 6 Plus - is likely
to do well in Asia where he said people like to use "phablets" - phone/tablet
hybrids.

Speculating on how Samsung will respond, he said they might come up with an even
bigger screen, adding: "They're not one to be beaten for long."

Matt Hill, from gadget website T3, said that while the two new phones "are far
better looking in person than images do justice", he does not understand the
"phablet obsession, as huge phones are cumbersome".

But he said both phones are "extremely thin and light".

Duncan Bell, managing editor at T3, said Apple's latest offering will see them
"continue to eat into the business market".

He said he would expect iPhone sales to "remain pretty impressive" and to
narrowly go up overall, compared to the launch of the iPhone 5s and 5c.

"It'll be interesting to see which size does better - my money's on the 6, which
is more for existing Apple users, rather than the 6 Plus, which seems to be
calculated to attract Android users, who are already used to using whopping
great handsets.

"I don't think Samsung needs to respond as such - Apple is following its lead,
not vice versa. The Korean giant will continue to update its more numerous
existing lines, at a more rapid rate than Apple does.

"So it'll continue to sell more handsets overall, but less profitably. Smaller
manufacturers of large Android handsets such as HTC, however, have serious
reason to worry.

"The new iPhones should also see Apple continue to eat into the business market
as BlackBerry continues to fade out."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

iPhone 6 may just be worth it - if you can find one

BYLINE: Adrian Weckler

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


WITH queues filling city streets in New York and London, thousands of delirious
Apple fans may have already made up their mind. But the rest of us have one
simple question about the iPhone 6: is it worth upgrading to? On the evidence of
both the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus, the answer is a tentative 'yes'. This
is easily Apple's best handset to date for several reasons.

But there is a caveat: these are also the most expensive phones you will have
ever bought. Indeed the smaller model with 64GB of storage is expected to cost
(EURO)800 on its own or around (EURO)60 per month for two years plus around
(EURO)200 upfront when buying as part of an operator upgrade - a total of
(EURO)1,640.

Nevertheless, a brief look at the positives may persuade people thinking of
splashing out that it's worth every penny. Both the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and
5.5-inch iPhone 6 are slim, light and very powerful. They both feature upgrades
on battery life and, in the case of the 'Plus' model, a significant upgrade in
camera quality.

As you would expect from Apple, they're also very handsomely designed.

The biggest difference, though, is screen size: the 'Plus' model is almost twice
the size of an iPhone 5S. Is that too big for comfortable daily use? I've never
thought so, although I have been a fan of 'phablets' (half-phone, half tablets)
for some time. But for those with small hands, Apple has included a feature
called "reachability". This allows you to double-tap the home button to shift
the top part down.

There's a lot more power under the hood, thanks to Apple's A8 chip. It's a shame
that it doesn't have toughened glass to prevent cracks, but that will probably
be added in the next update.

Apple sold a total of 10 million iPhone 6 units in its opening weekend of sales,
bringing in more than (EURO)7bn in just 72 hours.

Irish mobile phone operators say they will be unable to satisfy demand for the
iPhone 6 when it is launched here on Friday. Operators say they are already
preparing for back-orders of up to six weeks.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Irish actor Robert Sheehan picks up his new iPhone 6 in London. Inset:
Adrian Weckler with the new phone.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 27, 2016 Wednesday 8:11 AM GMT

Decline in iPhone sales leads to first revenue decline in 13 years for Apple;
Much of the falloff is attributable to the stuggling Chinese economy, still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US

BYLINE: Sam Thielman and Rupert Neate in New York and Alex Hern in London

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1015 words


Apple shares dropped on Tuesday afternoon after the company reported a nearly
13% fall in quarterly sales, the first time revenue at the world's most valuable
publicly traded company has declined in 13 years.

As of publication time, shares were down more than 7% without appearing to hit
bottom. Revenue was predicted by Apple itself to fall between $50bn and $53bn -
it came in on the low end of that range, with a final tally of $50.6bn, a 13%
drop.

Apple said the decline would continue, predicting revenue between $41bn and
$43bn for the June quarter.

The company had warned investors to brace for impact. The iPhone accounts for
nearly 2/3 of Apple's revenue and the company sold 16% fewer iPhones than it had
during the same period in 2015 and made 18% less money from them. The total
tally for the device was $32.9bn from 51.2m phones sold - the year previous
Apple brought in $40.3bn from 61.2m phones.

"Despite the pause in our growth, our results reflect excellent execution by our
team despite strong macroeconomic headwinds in most of the world," said Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO.

Related:  'Worth it': FBI admits it paid $1.3m to hack into San Bernardino
iPhone

Much of the falloff was attributable to the struggling Chinese economy. The
nation's consumer technology sector is in flux, as is the yuan. Still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US, the Chinese
segment of Apple's dismal report declined by more than a quarter of its value.
The business made $18.4bn in China in the second quarter of 2015; in the
previous three months it made $12.5bn.

Annette Zimmerman, research director at tech research and advisory company
Gartner wrote last month that the problem was not Apple's alone, pointing out
that the entry price of a smartphone in the developing world was still a
barrier, even among very inexpensive devices.

"Vendors were not able to reduce the price of a 'good enough to use' smartphone
lower than $50," Gartner wrote.

Earnings were released around 4.25pm EST, when Apple shares hovered around $104
a share. Half an hour later, the stock price had declined 7.8% to under $97 and
falling.

Despite, the sales decrease and warning about its growth, Cook said "the future
of Apple is very bright" and promised that the company has some "amazing
innovations" in the pipeline. One of those new products should be the iPhone 7,
which, based on rumors from Apple's supply chain, could have a new kind of
headphone port, be dust-proof and waterproof and may even have a totally
redesigned home button.

It is the first time Apple's sales have fallen since 2003. Back then, the iPhone
didn't exist. Apple was still selling Power Mac computers and had sold only
600,000 iPods. It was the year iTunes was launched, which revolutionized the
music business.

The iPhone came out in 2007, followed by the iPad, and both were constantly
updated with new, much-anticipated iterations which sold in their hundreds of
millions around the world, sending the company's sales to ever higher levels.

A year ago Apple sold $58bn of gadgets - or nearly $650m a day - in the first
three months of the year. Two thirds of that revenue came from iPhones and sales
were powered by the new iPhone 6.

Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said it was difficult for the
company to match sales it achieved with the launch of the new larger version.
"The iPhone 6 is an anomaly, and so it creates a very difficult comparison for
us," he said.

Related:  Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people

Questions are being asked about whether 2015 will turn out to have been the year
of "peak iPhone".

Some analysts believe the sales reverse is because of the soaraway success of
the iPhone 6, and its bigger stable mate the 6 Plus.

With screens measuring 4.7 and 5.5 inches, the two phones, launched in September
2014, were the largest the company had ever released. The 6 Plus was Apple's
first foray into the world of so-called "phablets": hybrid devices, smaller than
a tablet but larger than a conventional smartphone, which had proved
particularly popular in Asian markets.

They were a huge success, with the two models selling four million in their
first 24 hours. Last September Apple pushed the bar even higher, with the launch
of the iPhone 6S. But keeping up the pace of sales was always going to be a big
ask.

Cook gave the the first hints of a downturn back in January. He blamed the
phenomenal success of the initial iPhone 6, which has been so popular it sold
out, forcing some customers to delay their purchases. That artificially boosted
sales in the next quarter, making it harder to keep on breaking records.

Morningstar analyst Brian Colello, however, reckons the latest iPhone just isn't
very exciting. "Fewer customers had incentive to trade up for the latest iPhone
this year if they bought an iPhone 6 just over a year ago."

Apple has been the master of invention, but real innovation is now proving
tough. The Apple Watch, its first new product without co-founder Steve Jobs at
the helm, has been underwhelming. Apple won't release sales figures for the
device, instead lumping it together with the Apple TV, iPod, and accessories.
Combined, that entire category is less than a tenth the size of the iPhone.

Analyst John Kirk, of Techpinions, said : "Those impatient for Apple to reinvent
the world on an annual basis simply ignore the reality that iteration on
existing tech products is the norm and significant change is the rare
exception."

But Apple does have big projects underway. It's probably the worst-kept secret
in Silicon Valley that the company is working on an electric car, poaching
engineers from Tesla and scouting for test locations in California. And it's
also been hiring engineers and filing patents that also suggest it's working on
a virtual reality device of some sort.

In the meantime it is still piling up cash. It now has a cash mountain of
$233bn; more than all the foreign currency reverses across the world and more
than the Czech Republic, Peru and New Zealand make in gross domestic product
(GDP) a year.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 27, 2016 Wednesday 7:28 AM GMT

Decline in iPhone sales leads to first revenue decline in 13 years for Apple;
Much of the falloff is attributable to the stuggling Chinese economy, still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US

BYLINE: Sam Thielman and Rupert Neate in New York and Alex Hern in London

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1012 words


Apple shares dropped on Tuesday afternoon after the company reported a nearly
13% fall in quarterly sales, the first time revenue at the world's most valuable
publicly traded company has declined in 13 years.

As of publication time, shares were down more than 7% without appearing to hit
bottom. Revenue was predicted by Apple itself to fall between $50bn and $53bn -
it came in on the low end of that range, with a final tally of $50.6bn, a 13%
drop.

Apple said the decline would continue, predicting revenue between $41bn and
$43bn for the June quarter.

The company had warned investors to brace for impact. The iPhone accounts for
nearly 2/3 of Apple's revenue and the company sold 16% fewer iPhones than it had
during the same period in 2015 and made 18% less money from them. The total
tally for the device was $32.9bn from 51.2m phones sold - the year previous
Apple brought in $40.3bn from 61.2m phones.

"Despite the pause in our growth, our results reflect excellent execution by our
team despite strong macroeconomic headwinds in most of the world," said Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO.

Related:  'Worth it': FBI admits it paid $1.3m to hack into San Bernardino
iPhone

Much of the falloff was attributable to the struggling Chinese economy. The
nation's consumer technology sector is in flux, as is the yuan. Still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US, the Chinese
segment of Apple's dismal report declined by more than a quarter of its value.
The business made $18.4bn in China in the second quarter of 2015; in the
previous three months it made $12.5bn.

Annette Zimmerman, research director at tech research and advisory company
Gartner wrote last month that the problem was not Apple's alone, pointing out
that the entry price of a smartphone in the developing world was still a
barrier, even among very inexpensive devices.

"Vendors were not able to reduce the price of a 'good enough to use' smartphone
lower than $50," Gartner wrote.

Earnings were released around 4.25pm EST, when Apple shares hovered around $104
a share. Half an hour later, the stock price had declined 7.8% to under $97 and
falling.

Despite, the sales decrease and warning about its growth, Cook said "the future
of Apple is very bright" and promised that the company has some "amazing
innovations" in the pipeline. One of those new products should be the iPhone 7,
which, based on rumors from Apple's supply chain, could have a new kind of
headphone port, be dust-proof and waterproof and may even have a totally
redesigned home button.

It is the first time Apple's sales have fallen since 2003. Back then, the iPhone
didn't exist. Apple was still selling Power Mac computers and had sold only
600,000 iPods. It was the year iTunes was launched, which revolutionized the
music business.

The iPhone came out in 2007, followed by the iPad, and both were constantly
updated with new, much-anticipated iterations which sold in their hundreds of
millions around the world, sending the company's sales to ever higher levels.

A year ago Apple sold $58bn of gadgets - or nearly $650m a day - in the first
three months of the year. Two thirds of that revenue came from iPhones and sales
were powered by the new iPhone 6.

Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said it was difficult for the
company to match sales it achieved with the launch of the new larger version.
"The iPhone 6 is an anomaly, and so it creates a very difficult comparison for
us," he said.

Related:  Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people

Questions are being asked about whether 2015 will turn out to have been the year
of "peak iPhone".

Some analysts believe the sales reverse is because of the soaraway success of
the iPhone 6, and its bigger stable mate the 6 Plus.

With screens measuring 4.7 and 5.5 inches, the two phones, launched in September
2014, were the largest the company had ever released. The 6 Plus was Apple's
first foray into the world of so-called "phablets": hybrid devices, smaller than
a tablet but larger than a conventional smartphone, which had proved
particularly popular in Asian markets.

They were a huge success, with the two models selling four million in their
first 24 hours. Last September Apple pushed the bar even higher, with the launch
of the iPhone 6S. But keeping up the pace of sales was always going to be a big
ask.

Cook gave the the first hints of a downturn back in January. He blamed the
phenomenal success of the initial iPhone 6, which has been so popular it sold
out, forcing some customers to delay their purchases. That artificially boosted
sales in the next quarter, making it harder to keep on breaking records.

Morningstar analyst Brian Colello, however, reckons the latest iPhone just isn't
very exciting. "Fewer customers had incentive to trade up for the latest iPhone
this year if they bought an iPhone 6 just over a year ago."

Apple has been the master of invention, but real innovation is now proving
tough. The Apple Watch, its first new product without co-founder Steve Jobs at
the helm, has been underwhelming. Apple won't release sales figures for the
device, instead lumping it together with the Apple TV, iPod, and accessories.
Combined, that entire category is less than a tenth the size of the iPhone.

Analyst John Kirk, of Techpinions, said: "Those impatient for Apple to reinvent
the world on an annual basis simply ignore the reality that iteration on
existing tech products is the norm and significant change is the rare
exception."

But Apple does have big projects underway. It's probably the worst-kept secret
in Silicon Valley that the company is working on an electric car, poaching
engineers from Tesla and scouting for test locations in California. And it's
also been hiring engineers and filing patents that also suggest it's working on
a virtual reality device of some sort.

In the meantime it is still piling up cash. It now has a cash mountain of
$233bn; more than all the foreign currency reverses across the world and more
than the Czech Republic, Peru and New Zealand make in gross domestic product
(GDP) a year.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                       March 31, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

OMG! Samsung Galaxy S6 takes design cue from rival Apple iPhone 6

LENGTH: 390  words


Samsung's much awaited and talked about Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Smartphones
were launched recently as the company's new flagship devices. With these
Smartphones, the company finally brought about a major change in the design
language for its Galaxy S series smartphones.

While the phones tout a number of new elements in the design, some of these look
like they have been taken from arch rival Apple's Iphone 6. Samsung may deny,
but there are some striking aesthetic and other similarities between the two
flagships, be it the metal body or the built of the Galaxy S6 and the Iphone 6.

Here is how the Samsung Galaxy S6 strikingly resembles Apple iPhone 6.

Metal design

As for design, the Galaxy S6 has been designed from the scratch as the company
changed the very foundations by using metal and glass to define the phone's
body. However, the metal design and slender body turned out to look weirdly
similar to the iPhone 6. Well, we don't agree more that the Galaxy S6 is one of
the best and premium looking smartphones from the company, but it does also
looks similar to the iPhone 6.

Fingerprint set up

Samsung introduced the fingerprint feature with the Galaxy S5, but could not
impress many as soon it could be hacked. The company had made some changes to
the fingerprint to improve its performance on the Galaxy S6. As a result, the
new fingerprint set-up process looks very similar to Apple's.

Non-removable battery

There was a time when Samsung used to brag about the goodness of the removable
battery set up on its Galaxy S5 Smartphone, and it even released a video that
made fun of the wall-hugging Apple iPhone users. The video ad was about how the
Apple iPhone users keep looking for a charging point because they cannot change
or replace the battery of their phones. The company, however, seems to now have
taken a U-turn as the Galaxy S6 features a non-removable battery.

Lacks microSD card support

It is for the first time that a Galaxy S Smartphone doesn't support microSD
card. We know that the Galaxy S6 does not have a microSD slot, not that we
complain about it, but we surely also know that Apple iPhones don't come with a
misroSD card support. While this was one feature that differentiated the
company's Galaxy S Smartphones from the iPhone, the decision of giving it a miss
in Galaxy S6 makes it more similar to the iPhone.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2015 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Ufone to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


PESHAWAR, Nov. 30 -- Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership
with Apple announced on Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in
Pakistan.

The popular smartphones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technology-related products and
is widely believed to be the world's second-largest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

Ufone to offer iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan

LENGTH: 158  words

DATELINE: PESHAWAR


Telecommunication service provider Ufone in partnership with Apple announced on
Friday the launch of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Pakistan.

The popular smartphones will be made available to consumers under the banner of
the telecom service provider from Dec 11 this year.

Customers will be able to register online for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus from
Nov 28 at the company's website, a press statement said.

This is the first time that Apple has collaborated with a Pakistani
telecommunication provider for the launch of its signature smartphone.

Apple is considered one of the biggest names in technology-related products and
is widely believed to be the world's second-largest information technology
company.

Despite the phone's official unavailability in the country, iPhone enjoys a
large fan base in Pakistan, with many users already awaiting the entry of the
new product.

iPhone 6 was first officially introduced two months ago in the United States.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

du announces iPhone 6 pre-orders starting Sep 19

LENGTH: 152  words


Beating Etisalat and Apple as far as pre-ordering is concerned, du has announced
that it will be launching pre-orders for the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus
on September 19th which is almost a week before competitors. No word on when the
units will be delivered as of yet but we have reached [...]
The post du announces iPhone 6 pre-orders starting Sep 19 appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

Beating Etisalat and Apple as far as pre-ordering is concerned, du has announced
that it will be launching pre-orders for the new iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus
on September 19th which is almost a week before competitors. No word on when the
units will be delivered as of yet but we have reached out to du to find out
more.

Update: We heard back from du that preorders will be ready for collection on the
27th of September though du stores.

The post du announces iPhone 6 pre-orders starting Sep 19 appeared first on
tbreak.ae.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                    September 10, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

On specs front Apple iPhone 6 looks like the Android Google Nexus 4

LENGTH: 488  words


Apple launched its flagship Iphone 6 and 6 Plus yesterday in a jam-packed event.
The Cupertino based company tis time not only got a very different and easy
design for its phone body, it also prepped up the size of the phone display.

But Ron Amadeo the reviewer at ArsTechnica was not happy with the new Apple
phone. He was quick to point out "I couldn't help myself, sorry", because the
new Iphone 6 is like the Nexus 4 launched in 2012.

In June this year with the launch of iOS 8 at the WWDC Ron wrote a detailed
report about iOS 8 features that are inspired by Android.

Telegraph also correctly pointed out the features (software features) that Apple
is bring to the iPhone 6 Plus should have been on the iPhone 4 or 5 "to stop the
Android tide in its tracks."

It will be interesting to see how iPhone 6 stacks up against the Nexus 7 from
Google powered by stock Android OS. Here is a quick comparison of the two
phones.


Spec Apple iPhone 6                     Google Nexus 4
ific
atio
ns
and
Feat
ures
Disp 4.7-inch                           4.7 inches
lay
Disp 1334 x 750 pixels Retina HD        1280 x 768 pixels HD display
lay  display
reso
luti
on
Disp Shatter proof glass with           Corning Gorilla Glass 2
lay  oleophobic coating
prot
ecti
on
Thin 6.9 mm                             9.1 mm
ness
Weig 129 grams                          139 grams
ht
Body Fully metallic                     Plastic
type
Proc Apple A8 chipset supporting 64-bit 1.5 GHz Qualcomm APQ8064 Snapdragon
esso processor
r
Numb Quad-core                          Quad-core
er
of
core
s
Grap Motion processor                   Adreno 320
hics
proc
esso
r
RAM  1 GB                               2 GB
Memo 16/64/128GB                        8/16 GB
ry
Rear 8-megapixel iSight camera with 1.5 8-megapixel
came pixels3x zoom
ra
Fron 2.1-megapixel                      1.3 Megapixel
t
came
ra
Came True Tone flashFive-element        AutofocusLED flashGeo-taggingtouch
ra   lensHybrid IR filterBackside       focusface detectionphoto
feat illumination sensorSapphire        spherePanorama
ures crystal lensdigital image
     stabilizationauto HDR for
     photosPanorama (up to 43
     megapixels)Burst mode
Vide 1080p @30 or 60 FPS, @120 FPS or   1080p@30fps
o    @240 FPS in slow motion
Reco
rdin
g
Andr iOS 8                              Android 4.2 Jelly Bean
oid
OS
OS   Hey SiriiMessagePredictive         Ok GoogleMessage support via
feat keyboardFamily sharing on multiple independent apps like
ures devices via cloud                  whatsappPredictive keyboardStorage
                                        on cloud enabled and could be
                                        accessed on multiple devices, but
                                        not by different members
Fing Fingerprint sensor                 No
erpr
int
scan
ner
Mobi Apple Pay via NFC on major network Not possible unless you use mobile
le   channels and major stores in US    banking apps. Bot Google hasn't toed
paym only. But agreement with           up with payment gateways.Though Tap
ent  Mastercard, Visa and American      & Pay is enabled in Android 4.4
     Express raised hopes that this     KitKat and is enabled in Nexus 5 via
     feature will come to India as      Google Wallet in US only.
     well.
Sens AccelerometerThree                 AccelerometerGyroProximityCompassBar
ors  axis-gyroProximityAmbient light    ometer
     sensorBarometer
Conn Wi-FiUSB 2.0NFCBluetoothVoLTEVoice Wi-FiUSB 2.0NFCBluetoothNo LTEVoice
ecti calls over Wi-Fi                   calls over Wi-Fi via independent
vity                                    apps
Talk 14 hours on 3G                     15 hours on 3G
time

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  t-break Tech

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

More iPhone 6 pics surface

LENGTH: 148  words


New leaked pictures shows the newly designed aluminum back-plate and a iPod
Touch-like protruding camera.
The post More iPhone 6 pics surface appeared first on tbreak.

Oh look, more iPhone 6 leaks! This time its from G for Games, who have
discovered some interesting images from a Chinese social-hub called Weibo.

The images are a bit sketchy - they are pictures of pictures taken off a
computer screen - but the report claims the actual shots came directly from a
Foxconn manufacturing plant which makes the iPhone 6.

The pictures are in-line with prior rumors of the iPhone 6, which shows the
device's thin bezel and the new aluminum back-plate. Interestingly, the camera
appears to protrude from the back, much like the camera module found in the
sixth-gen iPod Touch.

Apple is expected to release the iPhone 6 sometime in September.

The post More iPhone 6 pics surface appeared first on tbreak.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 814


                          Copyright 2014 TBREAK MEDIA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Some Chinese prefer iPhone makeover

BYLINE: Reuters

LENGTH: 514  words


Some Chinese are giving their old iPhone models a makeover to look like the
latest iPhone 7 rather than buying new - a trend that could dent Apple Inc's
efforts to boost sales in what has been its biggest growth driver.

Online sites offer shoppers makeover kits, false cameras and even dust plugs to
hide the removed headphone jack to give their iPhone 6 or 6S the appearance of
iPhone 7 - Apple's latest flagship product which launched last month.

The makeover quirk mirrors a broader view among some Chinese users that the
iPhone 7 doesn't have enough new features to convince them to trade up.

"I don't have the money to upgrade, and the (iPhone) 7 is just so-so," said a
Beijing-based sales worker, who said he was getting a Shenzhen firm to replace
his iPhone 6 back casing with a fake iPhone 7 shell.

Searches on platforms including Alibaba's Taobao showed a range of products to
transform older phones to an iPhone 7 - from stickers and engraving services to
replacing the outer casing and even some of the hardware.

"Now people have money and the internet, these are very convenient to do," said
Hu Benshu, who owns an electronics retail outlet in Beijing's popular
Zhongguancun technology hub.

He added that at his store, Apple's iPhone 4 - launched six years ago - is still
the best-seller because of its durability.

Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Apple has seen its China market share slip to 8.4 percent, lagging behind local
smartphone makers Huawei, Oppo and Vivo, which have won over shoppers with
similar features at lower prices, according to research firm Counterpoint.

"The iPhone 7 series should help Apple regain lost (China) market share as
demand is tracking better than for the iPhone 6s series," said Counterpoint
analyst Neil Shah. "(But) Apple needs to offer something cutting-edge to appeal
to maturing Chinese smartphone users who are warming to local brands."

Apple has something of an opportunity in China as its traditional rival, South
Korea's Samsung Electronics, had to yank its large-screen Galaxy Note 7 off the
market this month as some phones were catching fire.

But consumers and retailers said the iPhone maker faces an uphill task to
convert Samsung fans. One Samsung user wrote online that "an exploding Note 7 is
still better than an un-innovative iPhone 7."

Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said it was "impossible to know" if
there was any effect yet from Samsung halting production of its Note 7 phones.

Of six ex-Samsung smartphone users in China, only one said he would consider
switching to iPhone 7, which was seen lacking groundbreaking features.

"The iPhone 7 design was ... not much of an upgrade," said Zhao Bo, a
26-year-old student from Jilin province, who plans to buy a Samsung C9 Pro after
returning his Note 7.

"There's no headphone jack and the price is so much higher," Zhao said, noting
also that Samsung is offering subsidies to users who trade in their Note 7 for
another Samsung phone.

(China Daily 10/29/2016 page2)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/56/147771193125.jpg

eca86bda350e197e260f07.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday

iPhone 5 unveiling: has Apple rung the changes?

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1048 words


Excitement is building ahead of next week's expected iPhone 5 announcement. But
whether you rush out to buy the latest wondergadget or not, owners of earlier
iPhones and iPods will also benefit from the upgraded operating system. Claire
Rogers rounds up the rumours on Apple's latest phone.

--------------------

IFIGURES Apple doesn't typically disclose sales figures but in a recent patent
court case with Samsung it revealed it has sold 85 million iPhones in the United
States alone since the device was first launched in 2007.

Each new iPhone model typically sells more units than all of the previous
versions combined. Based on Apple's iPhones sales for the three months ended
December 2011 (which totalled 37.04m), there were more iPhones sold per day
(377,959) than people born in the world (estimates of the average birth rate
vary between about 360,000 and 372,000 births per day). Analyst firm Piper
Jaffray estimates Apple will sell between 26 million and 28 million iPhone 5s.
--------------------

IPAD MINI

Gadget gossip also has it that Apple is working on an iPad Mini - with a
7.85-inch screen (the new iPad has a 9.7-inch display). Apple acolytes had
suggested this could be unveiled at the same time as the iPhone 5, but a later
launch - perhaps in October - for any such device now seems more likely.

Apple all but confirmed rumours of a September 12 US launch this week when it
invited media to an event on Wednesday (early Thursday NZ time). The invitation
teasingly has the date 12 casting a shadow in the shape of the number 5.

SIZE MATTERS

Apple's high-resolution "retina display" iPhone screens are a big drool-card for
gadget lovers - but size also matters. The larger the screen the easier it is to
read emails, view photos and watch video. Samsung's latest iPhone rival, the
Samsung Galaxy S III, sports a 4.8-inch high- definition display, leaving the
iPhone 4s - with a 3.5-inch screen - well behind in the size stakes.

iPhone 4S: 3.5 inches

Samsung Galaxy S III: 4.8 inches

iPhone 5: Likely to have a 4-inch screen

SO DOES SPEED

High-end smartphones with quad-core processors - theoretically more capable of
handling multitasking and applications such as gaming than dual-core processors
- have begun to emerge, which begs the question will Apple follow suit? whispers
are suggesting both yes and no, alternatively citing Apple's desire to keep up
with competitors and its previous strategy of not blindly following rivals to
the highest specs.

iPhone 4S: Apple A5 1GHz dual-core processor

Samsung Galaxy S III: 1.4GHZ Exynos quad-core processor

iPhone 5: Dual-core, dual core with extra graphics power, or quad-core?

SKIN DEEP

The iPhone will be revamped, experts predict, with a new design and leaked
pictures suggesting a two-tone brushed aluminium backing, a smaller dock,
relocated headphone jack (from the top of the handset to the bottom) and bigger
speaker grills.

ON THE SCALES

Rumours are the new iPhone has also slimmed down, with one report suggesting it
will measure 7.6 millimetres in thickness - making it one of the thinnest
smartphones around.

iPhone 4S: 9.3mm

Samsung Galaxy S III: 8.6mm

iPhone 5: rumoured to be 7.6mm.

SNAP SNAP

Don't expect dramatic change on the camera front - the rear-facing camera is
expected to remain the same at 8 megapixels, which is plenty. The front-facing
camera could get an upgrade to high- definition, though, to give a better
picture for video calling and is reportedly being moved to above the speaker.

iPhone 4S: 8MP rear camera, lower- resolution 0.3 MP front camera

Samsung Galaxy S III: 8MP rear camera, 1.9MP HD front camera

iPhone 5: 8MP rear camera, HD front camera

NFC CHIP

Technophiles have been poring over leaked photos of what is supposedly the new
iPhone, looking for signs it will have an NFC chip. NFC stands for "near field
communication", it's a technology that allows devices to communicate wirelessly
with others - so smartphones could be used like contactless swipe cards, for
example, to make payments.

iPhone 4S: no NFC

Samsung Galaxy S III: has NFC

iPhone 5: Remains to be seen.

FASTER BROADBAND

It's not so relevant for New Zealand yet, but the next iPhone is rumoured to
support 4G LTE - which means faster mobile broadband. This will be of little use
until our telcos have 4G mobile networks up and running. Telecom is trialing a
4G service later this year but 4G networks are probably a few years away.

iPhone 4S: no 4G LTE support

Samsung Galaxy S III: supports 4G LTE in some countries

iPhone 5: likely to support 4G in some countries

SOUPED-UP SOFTWARE

The new iPhone will come pre-loaded with iOS 6, the latest version of Apple's
mobile operating system. Even if you're not planning to get to the iPhone 5, if
you have an iPhone 3GS, 4 or 4S, a second or third generation iPad or a fourth
generation iPod Touch you'll be able to upgrade your software.

IOS 6 KEY FEATURES INCLUDE:

Bye bye Google Maps. Apple is introducing its own mapping app and showing
Google's the door as the two continue to fight for mobile device dominance.

Apple's voice recognition technology Siri - previously only available for the
iPhone 4S - will debut on the iPad (the newest version only, sorry folks) with
the launch of iOS 6. You'll also be able to use Siri to fire up applications and
movies.

Fob off unwanted phone calls with the new Do Not Disturb feature, which lets you
automatically send text messages telling callers you'll phone them back, or set
up a "call when you leave" reminder for when you leave your current location.

Apple says using Facebook on your mobile device will be even easier thanks to
iOS 6. You'll be able to post to the social networking site straight from a
variety of apps on your device.

The iOS 6 also marks the debut of Passbook - an app that aims to keep all your
tickets, coupons and vouchers in the one place. Local businesses will need to
get on board for this to be truly useful though.

The web browser Safari also gets an upgrade with iOS 6. While browsing you'll be
able to save your tabs on one Apple device and pick up where you left off on
another (through iCloud).

Sources: Cnet, Samsung, Apple, Computerworld, TechRadar, Pocket Lint, PC World,
Associated Press, Washington Post, The Next Web.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Samsung Galaxy S III

Anyone's guess: Is this what the iPhone 5 will look like?

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                      Khaleej Times (United Arab Emirates)

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

New iPhone 6 Plus pre-order shipments delayed by a month

LENGTH: 261 words


The smaller 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is still available for delivery on September 19,
Apple's website showed.

Many customers will have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on
Apple's larger screen iPhone 6 Plus after pre-orders for September 19 delivery
were booked out within hours.

The smaller 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is still available for delivery on September 19,
Apple's website showed.

Apple's iPhone 6 Plus, which has a 5.5-inch display, goes on sale in US stores
on September 19. Websites of Apple's carrier partners, Verizon Wireless , AT&T
and Sprint Corp, also showed delays of up to six weeks.

Suppliers to Apple were scrambling to get enough screens ready for the new
iPhones as the need to redesign a key component disrupted panel production,
supply chain sources told Reuters last month. It was unclear whether the hiccup
could limit the number of phones initially available to consumers, the sources
said at the time.

Apple's Chinese customers may also have to wait until the year-end before they
can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's
biggest smartphone market.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments
service on Tuesday.

Apple unveiled last week the new smartphones with rounded edges, thinner frames,
higher-resolution displays and a mobile payments service. They became available
for pre-order starting at 3am New York time.

Apple is selling out of its stock even after customers took to Twitter to
complain of difficulties loading the website to place pre-orders on Friday
morning.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 44


   Copyright 2014 Khaleej Times - Galadari Printing and Publishing Co. L.L.C.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Apple testing 6-inch iPhones: WSJ

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 317 words


NEW DELHI: While Samsung is in the news for its Galaxy Note III, Apple is also
reportedly working on an iPhone phablet. The Wall Street Journal citing sources
has reported that the company is testing iPhones of various sizes, with screen
sizes ranging from 4.8-inch to 6-inch.

The WSJ report says that Apple has shown keen interest in the iPhone prototype
having 4.8-inch screen. Previous reports have suggested that Apple is testing a
model called iPhone Math that has a 4.8-inch display.

However, the iPhone models expected to be launched at the company's forthcoming
September 10 event are not expected to have such big screens. It is expected
that the two models - namely iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C - will have 4-inch
displays, same as the iPhone 5 that was launched last year.

Several companies are currently working on 6-inch phones, including HTC and
Nokia. Samsung already has phones with screens measuring 5.7-inch, 5.8-inch and
6.3-inch in its portfolio. Sony has the biggest smartphone in the world in its
line-up, the Xperia Z Ultra with a 6.4-inch screen. Other major manufacturers
like ZTE and Huawei also have models with screen size around 6-inch in their
line-up.

The WSJ report says, "It is unclear whether Apple will ultimately choose to
follow a multi-size, multi-device strategy beyond shipping a new lower-cost
model for the first time later this month. The company often tests different
devices and configurations before choosing a course."

Steve Jobs had maintained that 3.5-inch is the best screen size for a phone, the
company went against the trend last year with a 4-inch iPhone. Similarly, the
Apple founder had been against a smaller iPad, even though Samsung tasted
success with its 7-inch tablets. The company unveiled a smaller iPad last year
under current CEO Tim Cook. Under Jobs, Apple followed a multi-size approach
only for iPod line-up.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 26, 2016 Tuesday 11:29 PM GMT

Apple reports slowdown in iPhone sales and first revenue decline in 13 years;
Much of the falloff is attributable to the stuggling Chinese economy, still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US

BYLINE: Sam Thielman and Rupert Neate in New York and Alex Hern in London

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 1012 words


Apple shares dropped on Tuesday afternoon after the company reported a nearly
13% fall in quarterly sales, the first time revenue at the world's most valuable
publicly traded company has declined in 13 years.

As of publication time, shares were down more than 7% without appearing to hit
bottom. Revenue was predicted by Apple itself to fall between $50bn and $53bn -
it came in on the low end of that range, with a final tally of $50.6bn, a 13%
drop.

Apple said the decline would continue, predicting revenue between $41bn and
$43bn for the June quarter.

The company had warned investors to brace for impact. The iPhone accounts for
nearly 2/3 of Apple's revenue and the company sold 16% fewer iPhones than it had
during the same period in 2015 and made 18% less money from them. The total
tally for the device was $32.9bn from 51.2m phones sold - the year previous
Apple brought in $40.3bn from 61.2m phones.

"Despite the pause in our growth, our results reflect excellent execution by our
team despite strong macroeconomic headwinds in most of the world," said Tim
Cook, Apple's CEO.

Related:  'Worth it': FBI admits it paid $1.3m to hack into San Bernardino
iPhone

Much of the falloff was attributable to the struggling Chinese economy. The
nation's consumer technology sector is in flux, as is the yuan. Still the
second-largest market in the world for Apple products behind the US, the Chinese
segment of Apple's dismal report declined by more than a quarter of its value.
The business made $18.4bn in China in the second quarter of 2015; in the
previous three months it made $12.5bn.

Annette Zimmerman, research director at tech research and advisory company
Gartner wrote last month that the problem was not Apple's alone, pointing out
that the entry price of a smartphone in the developing world was still a
barrier, even among very inexpensive devices.

"Vendors were not able to reduce the price of a 'good enough to use' smartphone
lower than $50," Gartner wrote.

Earnings were released around 4.25pm EST, when Apple shares hovered around $104
a share. Half an hour later, the stock price had declined 7.8% to under $97 and
falling.

Despite, the sales decrease and warning about its growth, Cook said "the future
of Apple is very bright" and promised that the company has some "amazing
innovations" in the pipeline. One of those new products should be the iPhone 7,
which, based on rumors from Apple's supply chain, could have a new kind of
headphone port, be dust-proof and waterproof and may even have a totally
redesigned home button.

It is the first time Apple's sales have fallen since 2003. Back then, the iPhone
didn't exist. Apple was still selling Power Mac computers and had sold only
600,000 iPods. It was the year iTunes was launched, which revolutionized the
music business.

The iPhone came out in 2007, followed by the iPad, and both were constantly
updated with new, much-anticipated iterations which sold in their hundreds of
millions around the world, sending the company's sales to ever higher levels.

A year ago Apple sold $58bn of gadgets - or nearly $650m a day - in the first
three months of the year. Two thirds of that revenue came from iPhones and sales
were powered by the new iPhone 6.

Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri said it was difficult for the
company to match sales it achieved with the launch of the new larger version.
"The iPhone 6 is an anomaly, and so it creates a very difficult comparison for
us," he said.

Related:  Apple iPhone SE review - too small for most people

Questions are being asked about whether 2015 will turn out to have been the year
of "peak iPhone".

Some analysts believe the sales reverse is because of the soaraway success of
the iPhone 6, and its bigger stable mate the 6 Plus.

With screens measuring 4.7 and 5.5 inches, the two phones, launched in September
2014, were the largest the company had ever released. The 6 Plus was Apple's
first foray into the world of so-called "phablets": hybrid devices, smaller than
a tablet but larger than a conventional smartphone, which had proved
particularly popular in Asian markets.

They were a huge success, with the two models selling four million in their
first 24 hours. Last September Apple pushed the bar even higher, with the launch
of the iPhone 6S. But keeping up the pace of sales was always going to be a big
ask.

Cook gave the the first hints of a downturn back in January. He blamed the
phenomenal success of the initial iPhone 6, which has been so popular it sold
out, forcing some customers to delay their purchases. That artificially boosted
sales in the next quarter, making it harder to keep on breaking records.

Morningstar analyst Brian Colello, however, reckons the latest iPhone just isn't
very exciting. "Fewer customers had incentive to trade up for the latest iPhone
this year if they bought an iPhone 6 just over a year ago."

Apple has been the master of invention, but real innovation is now proving
tough. The Apple Watch, its first new product without co-founder Steve Jobs at
the helm, has been underwhelming. Apple won't release sales figures for the
device, instead lumping it together with the Apple TV, iPod, and accessories.
Combined, that entire category is less than a tenth the size of the iPhone.

Analyst John Kirk, of Techpinions, said: "Those impatient for Apple to reinvent
the world on an annual basis simply ignore the reality that iteration on
existing tech products is the norm and significant change is the rare
exception."

But Apple does have big projects underway. It's probably the worst-kept secret
in Silicon Valley that the company is working on an electric car, poaching
engineers from Tesla and scouting for test locations in California. And it's
also been hiring engineers and filing patents that also suggest it's working on
a virtual reality device of some sort.

In the meantime it is still piling up cash. It now has a cash mountain of
$233bn; more than all the foreign currency reverses across the world and more
than the Czech Republic, Peru and New Zealand make in gross domestic product
(GDP) a year.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Live Blog: 5 hours 18 minutes to go for the Apple iPhone 6 & iWatch launch

LENGTH: 302  words


Today is the big day when the Cupertino based company Apple Computers, created
by Steve Jobs is ready to unveil another product. Since Apple has always set
trends with its new devices are expected to be unique, best and landmark phones.

This year at the launch event we are expecting two new iPhones, Iphone 6 Air
with a 4.7 inch display and Iphone 6 Pro with a 5.5 inch display. Apple is
expected to start rolling out of its iOS 8 software and first wearable watch,
iWatch at the show. Rumour talk about launch of an iPad too this time, probably
the successor of the iPad Air.

Do come back to this webpage at 9:30 in the night when we will bring you Apple
launch, what's happening around the launch event, how competitors are reacting
to the new products.

Before Apple could launch its iPhones in India, Xiaomi put up 40,000 piceces of
its INR 50,000 handsets for 2nd flash sale. They were again gone in few seconds.

That's not all! Micromax unvieled ts latst flagship, called the Canvas Nitro
A310 with octa-core processor, 2 GB RAM and a new stitched leather back panel
this week at an affordable price of INR 12,990 for the Indian market. This phone
is going to come to compete with the Iphone 6 this year which wil be priced at a
premium.

Want to know what is expected in the New Iphone? We bring you all the rumours
and leakd informaton the iPhone body, display, make, features here.

Expected price of new iPhones. In two separate leaks the full price list for
China and Hongkong has leaked this week. Here's the full price list of new
iPhones that are expected to come in three colour variants and storage variants.

The iPhone story: Here are 13 interesting facts around how Jobs made the first
Apple iPhone, how the idea was conceived and why Jobs rejected the first final
design just 9 months  before the launch.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 30, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

No Diwali season sale for Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus

LENGTH: 431  words


Last week we reported that Apple has Apple will skip the major festival season
sale in India.

After a huge round of sale of about 10 million Iphone 6 after launch, the
company was pushing the launch of its new iPhones, and is not likely to launch
the iPhone 6and Iphone 6 Plus before November. This push was expected as the
company was aiming to first deliver units of iPhones to markets where these are
high on demand.  But, this indicated that the company will miss the Diwali sale
season giving ample reasons to Samsung, Xiaomi, Nokia and others to feast upon
the sale season.

This week news is coming the Indian team of Apple wasnts to launch the iPhone 6
in India before Diwali sale season while the Parent Apple company is pushing the
launch further. "While the parent wants to delay the launch to early November
due to unprecedented demand for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in the US and the China
launch likely next week, the India team and distributors in the country want to
make the most of upcoming festive demand by launching it before Diwali", a
report in Times of India says today.

The intention to launch the new Apple phones before Diwali does seem justified
since this festive season is actually the beginning of three sale season in
India, beginning with Diwali. These are -  (1) Diwali in October, Chirstmas (2)
New Year in December end (3) since the GOSF online shopping festival was
organized in middle of December last year, we expect GOSF this year too in
December.

Around Diwali we have lot of launches and new products lining up for sale, and
to be able to get some share of this year end market one needs to be a part of
it. Here are the list of new launches or that happened recently or going to
launched very soon -

Xiaomi will get 1 lakh units of the Mi3 for Indian market for one flash sale.

Microsoft is expected to launch new devices in India tomorrow

Gionee has launched the all new CTRL VS4 in India today.

Google already going aggressive in the Indian market with the Android One

Datawind is ready to launch a new phone with bundled data pack around Diwali.

Sony is already in the market with Z3 compact and Z3 this season.

Huawei launched new phones and tablets for the Indian market this week.

Note 4 is also set to launch in India this Diwali

You must have also looked at the new iPhone-like Canvas 4 Plus A315 which made
way to two online stores this week.

And there are lot of other launches like the Idea Magna handsets, Karbonn
Titanium Wind W4, Galaxy Alpha, Champion Mobiles and more last week.

There is still no confirmation on the launch date for iPhone 6's India.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Apple cuts prices of latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus by up to 16% in India

BYLINE: Gulveen Aulakh

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 488 words


NEW DELHI: Apple cut prices of its latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to
16 per cent just two months after their launch in India to boost flagging sales
in what is historically its most crucial quarter as demand for the flagship
devices nosedived from a Diwali high.

The price of the iPhone 6s 16 GB model, which was introduced at Rs 62,000 on
October 16, has fallen by 11-16 per cent and now ranges between Rs 52,000 and Rs
55,000, according to four large retailers who spoke to ET on condition of
anonymity. The price cuts are across all variants - 16 GB, 64 GB and 128 GB - of
both models. The average difference in prices of all iPhone 6s and 6s Plus
devices between launch time and now is about 15 per cent, a top executive at a
national retailer said.

The reduction also narrows the gap with prices of iPhone 6 devices launched in
2014, making an upgrade more attractive for customers. "The price difference
between the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s was a lot, so many customers are not willing
to upgrade to the new model," said a senior executive of another national
retailer.

This is the first time that the price of an Apple flagship has been brought down
within two months of launch, underlining concerns around the initial pricing,
said Tarun Pathak, senior analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.
Apple declined to comment on the matter.

Apple had introduced the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus at Rs 62,000-Rs 92,000, about Rs
8,000-Rs 9,500 more than launch prices of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The models wereRs
14,000-Rs 16,000 costlier than those available in the US, Middle East and Hong
Kong, raising concerns that demand would be hurt.

Apple imported almost 320,000 of the latest iPhones in October in India, the
world's fastest-growing smartphone market, sparking hopes of its best ever
quarter. Shipments have slumped since then and the latest data suggests that
imports of the new models fell 62 per cent to 120,000 in November.

The latest price cuts come after Apple iPhone 5s prices were slashed for the
third time in three months, now starting at Rs 24,999, almost half its September
price.

The price cuts indicate that Apple maybe trying to revive demand in the
October-to-December quarter, which has historically been the strongest period
for the company due to its flagship launches.

Industry insiders said Apple's distributors are selling the iPhone models at
marked-down prices, allowing retailers to offer all models at discounted rates.

Pathak stressed that the iPhone 5s, launched in 2013, could take the wind out of
iPhone 6s sales, given the massive price difference between them.

Analysts said the price cut could re-ignite iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus demand
in the coming months. "Now that they have aligned prices, we can see some sales
happening in future quarters, which will also sustain Apple in the typically
weaker periods of January to September," Pathak added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         South East Asian News (India)

                           October 15, 2015 Thursday

iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus to be Available with Celcom, Digi from Tonight

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: KUALA LUMPUR


KUALA LUMPUR, Oct. 15 -- IPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will now be available with
Celcom Axiata Bhd and Digi Telecommunications Sdn Bhd from tonight. The iPhone
6s 16GB of Celcom will be available for RM1,058 from Oct. 16 morning, whereas,
iPhone 6s Plus 16GB will be available at RM1,478.

In addition, the customers will also get a limited period offer of12GB
complimentary data (1GB per month for 12 months). Besides that, iPhone 6, iPhone
6 Plus and iPhone 5s are also available.

According to Digi, an extra RM200 rebate will be offered to customers who
pre-order an iPhone on signing up with a Digi SmartPlan 98. In addition, the
customers who change over to Digi will be saving RM300.

The four main outlets where Celcom customers can purchase iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus are Blue Cube@Sunway Pyramid, Blue Cube Publika, Celcom Centre Taman
Molek, Johor Baru and Blue Cube Elit Avenue Bayan Baru, Penang. Apart from that,
Celcom will also be offering trade-in values for current iPhones.

However, Digi will be conducting various launch events at six Digi Stores around
the country. The stores include SS2, Petaling Jaya; Kuantan, Pahang; Pulau
Tikus, Penang; Danga Bay, Johor; Kuching, Sarawak and Api Api, Sabah. The
customers will be available to make their purchases of the iPhone from these
stores.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from South East Asian News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

Of a fall launch and other rumours on iPhone 5;
DNA Money Digital

BYLINE: Team DNA Digital

LENGTH: 452  words


iMaps, integrated Facebook, FaceTime, not to forget an improved Siri, near field
communication, or NFC, support and 4G/long term evolution (LTE) connectivity --
iPhone 5, widely expected to be released later this year, is expected to sport
all these features, and then some.

The usually secretive Apple Inc has given a hint of the release date and
features of the upcoming iPhone 5 through the iOS 6 webpage on its website.

The latest iOS 6 update puts its release for fall this year, which could be
anytime between September and December.

Though Apple is mum on the details of its much awaited smartphone, here are some
new features the device is expected to have.

iMaps, Apple&apos;s newly-developed maps application: iPhone 5 would, in fact,
be the first device to feature it.

Apple has announced that it will integrate Facebook in iOS 6, hinting iPhone 5
will almost certainly have this new feature, especially after the integration of
Twitter on the iPhone 4S last year.

FaceTime, which so far allowed face-to-face video calls, iPhone to iPhone, iPad,
iPod touch, Mac, or PC over Wi-Fi, can now be used over cellular connections as
well. That means you can use it when you want, where you want. iPhone 5 could
have that, too.

You will also have more options to answer or decline calls --- like sending a
text message from a choice of pre-programmed options if you wish not to be
disturbed at the moment --- and also remind yourself later to return the missed
calls.

Unlike the iPhone 4S, the iPhone 5 will be a completely new design --- casing,
screen and all --- as was the case with the iPhone 3G and, later, the iPhone 4.
Terry Gou, CEO of Foxconn, has said the design will put Galaxy S3 to shame,
though there&apos;s no saying yet his company is designing it --- indeed, going
by sources, Chinese Pegatron may have snatched the contract already.

The latest rumor is that the iPhone 5 will be equipped with quad core processor
A6 chip to be at par with its competitors like Samsung. After all, Apple did
follow the release of its A5 chip with an A5X in its third-generation iPad,
didn&apos;t it?

As it did with iPhone 4S and iOS 5, Apple&apos;s choice of a fall season launch
could help iPhone/iOS 6, too, though some feel the Cupertino, California
headquartered company will bring the release date forward to sometime next
month.

That could help the tech giant put a spoke in the wheels of Samsung, whose
Galaxy S3 has been raking in the moolah amidst rumours the Korean chaebol plans
to release yet another smartphone this fall.

And if Apple insiders are to go by, iPhone 5 also has the stamp of approval of
Steve Jobs himself, who is said to have worked closely with the team on this
before his demise on October 5.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Apple iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s Plus unveiled: 6 things you would like to know

SECTION: PANACHE

LENGTH: 530 words


NEW DELHI: Unveiling its much awaited new smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone
6s Plus, Apple on Wednesday claimed that latest iterations of its iPhones was
the best yet.

"The only thing that has changed with iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is everything
- 3D Touch lets users interact with iPhone in entirely new and fun ways, and the
innovative Live Photos brings your pictures to life," said Philip Schiller,
Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing.

"These are the most advanced iPhones ever, with 7000 series aluminium,
ion-strengthened glass, the new 64-bit A9 chip, 12-megapixel iSight and
5-megapixel FaceTime HD cameras, faster Touch ID, LTE and Wi-Fi," he added.

We take a look at six things that you would like to know about the iPhone 6s and
the iPhone 6s Plus:

1) 3D Touch: Apple claims that the 3D Touch senses force to enable intuitive new
ways to access features and interact with content. "iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
introduce new ways to navigate and experience iPhone by sensing pressure to
enable new gestures - Peek and Pop - so you can dip in and out of content
without losing your place," explains Apple.

"Press lightly to Peek at a photo, email, web page or other content, and press a
little deeper to Pop into the content itself. With Quick Actions, 3D Touch
provides shortcuts to the things you do most, so you can send a message or take
a selfie with just a simple press from the Home screen," Apple's release adds.

2) Hardware: Apple's new iPhones are powered by the A9 chip. "A9, Apple's
third-generation 64-bit chip powers the iPhones with 70 percent faster CPU and
90 percent faster GPU performance than the A8," says Apple.

3) New cameras: Additional camera advancements include a new 12-megapixel rear
camera. There is also a new 5-megapixel FaceTime HD camera and Retina Flash.

4) New camera features: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of 'Live Photos',
which Apple claims go beyond snapshots to capture moments in motion.
"High-definition video improves with support for 4K - with a resolution of 3840
x 2160, delivering over 8 million pixels - and the expansion of optical image
stabilization to video on iPhone 6s Plus. After capturing 4K video, you can edit
on your Mac, PC, iPad and with the latest version of iMovie on iPhone, you can
even edit two simultaneous streams," adds Apple.

5) Other enhancements: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus boast of a faster Wi-Fi and
LTE Advanced. The new iPhones also support up to 23 LTE bands. The iPhones also
have a redesigned Notes app, detailed transit information in Maps, and an
all-new News app.

6) Price & Availability: iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be available in gold,
silver, space gray and the new rose gold metallic finishes. iPhone 6s has been
launched at $199 for 16GB, $299 for 64 GB, $399 for 128 GB (2-year contract).
iPhone 6s Plus has been priced at at $299 for 16GB, $399 for 64 GB, $499 for 128
GB (2-year contract).

Both models will be available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico, Singapore, the UK and the US beginning
Friday, September 25, with pre-orders beginning Saturday, September 12.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             ICT Monitor Worldwide

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

NatWest and RBS launch access to accounts at the touch of a finger

LENGTH: 328 words


Customers of NatWest and Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer have to remember
their passwords and be able to access their bank accounts online with just a
touch of their fingerprint - but only if they have an Apple iPhone.


From 19 February, NatWest and RBS customers with an iPhone 5S, iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus will be able to access their bank account online using Apple's
Touch ID fingerprint sensor, in what the bank claims is a first in Britain.
Apple's fingerprint sensor - a detection ring built in to the home button - was
introduced in 2013, and has quickly proven to be one of the best fingerprint
scanning implementations available. Now present on the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus,
iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3, Touch ID allows users to securely unlock their
devices and authenticate purchases via iTunes or the App Store with just their
finger or thumb, removing the need to constantly enter in their passwords.
The list of third-party apps adopting Touch ID to secure their contents or
authenticate purchases has expanded in recent months with apps including
Evernote and Dropbox, password managers such as LastPass and 1Password, and
shops such as Amazon all now supporting the fingerprint sensor.
A spokesman for RBS NatWest said: "Never has banking for UK customers been more
at their fingertips, or fingerprints. RBS and NatWest customers will be the
first of any UK-based bank to be able to log in to their mobile banking app
using only their fingerprint. The technology recognises customers' unique finger
print so they don't have to remember a tricky login passcode."
RBS said nearly half of its 15 million customers actively use online banking,
with more than 3 million customers using the mobile app every week. It estimates
that it has around 1.8 million active iPhone users, of which 880,000 use an
iPhone 5s, iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 plus. It says 167,000 customers use the banking
app each day on their way to work between 7am and 8am. 2015 Global Data Point.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 1632


                        Copyright 2015 Global Data Point
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Apple iPhone 6s Sets New Sales Record in First Weekend

BYLINE: Hilary Lewis

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 359  words


Apple revealed Monday that its new iPhone 6s model set a new sales record,
moving more than 13 million units just three days after it was launched.

"Sales for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus have been phenomenal, blowing past any
previous first weekend sales results in Apple's history," Apple CEO Tim Cook
said in a statement. "Customers' feedback is incredible and they are loving 3D
Touch and Live Photos, and we can't wait to bring iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus
to customers in even more countries on October 9."

Apple's iPhone 6s and 6s Plus went on sale on Friday in the U.S., Australia,
Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, New Zealand, Puerto Rico,
Singapore and the UK. The latest iPhone models will be available in 40 more
countries starting Oct. 9, including Italy, Mexico, Russia, Spain and Taiwan.

Read MoreApple&#039;s New iPhone 6s Features 3D Touch

Last year's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models sold more than 10 million units in
their first weekend on sale, which was then an Apple record.

Apple unveiled its latest iPhone at a Sept. 9 eventwith Cook telling the
audience, "We have changed everything about these new iPhones."

The iPhone 6s comes with a new 3D touch feature that senses how deeply you press
the display, letting you "peek" into information on various apps without having
to open the apps themselves. The new iPhone also has an upgraded camera and the
ability to shoot in 4K video. The new iPhone also includes a "Live Photos"
feature that animates still photos by capturing the second-and-a-half before and
after the photo is taken.

The iPhone 6s, which was available for pre-order starting Sept. 12 before
shipping on Friday, also comes with Apple's iOS 9 operating system, which was
launched on Sept. 16.

Read MoreApple Sets Record With First-Weekend iPhone 6 Sales

The new iPhones come in silver, gold, space gray and rose gold. The 6s model
starts at $199 with a two-year contract and the 6s Plus starts at $299 with a
two-year contract.

Sales completed by Saturday will be included in Apple's 2015 fourth fiscal
quarter results and sales completed on Sunday will be included in Apple's 2016
first fiscal quarter results.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Apple projected to see more sales in China than US By Jack Freifelder in New
York/China Daily/09 January 2015

LENGTH: 458  words


New York (China Daily/ANN) - Increasing demand in China for Apple Inc's latest
flagship devices, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, has spurred consumers there to
buy more of the devices than their American counterparts for the first time,
data from Switzerland-based financial services company UBS AG showed.
"Recent data suggest that iPhone demand saw considerable growth in China, even
finding that China could constitute as much as 35 per cent of shipments in the
quarter compared with 22 per cent a year ago," Steven Milunovich, an analyst
with UBS, wrote in a research note published on Wednesday.
The US share of iPhone sales is expected to dip from 29 per cent a year ago to
24 per cent in the first quarter of 2015, he wrote.
Milunovich, who covers Apple for UBS, said the iPhone has seen significant gains
in the world's second-largest economy since the device was rolled out in
October.
Estimates from UBS show that Apple sold 69.3 million iPhones in the fourth
quarter of 2014, a new quarterly record for the Cupertino, California-based tech
company. The figure beat the consensus estimate of 65.5 million devices.
Apple's distribution agreement with China Mobile Ltd, the world's largest mobile
phone operator, could be one of the reasons for the uptick, Milunovich said.
"China Mobile's distribution agreement with Apple was signed in late December
2013 and Apple began shipping the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in October, so it seems
reasonable that demand in China surged relative to other regions," he wrote.
In October, Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived in China despite a
regulatory delay in the rollout. Heavy interest from Chinese consumers helped
Apple sell nearly 10 million units within three days of the initial sell date on
JD, the e-commerce platform of JD.com Inc.
At the end of the third quarter of last year, the iPhone held 18.1 per cent of
market share in China. In the US, nearly half of all smartphones sold (47.3 per
cent) were iPhones, according to international market research firm Kantar
Worldpanel.
Apple also posted its largest third-quarter sales volume figure in 2014,
according to data from the International Data Corp. The company boosted its
global smartphone shipments to more than 39 million units, second worldwide
behind Samsung Electronics Co (78 million units).
Samsung, based in Suwon, South Korea, remained the world's largest smartphone
vendor in the third quarter of 2014, with 23.7 per cent of the market, followed
by Apple with 11.7 per cent.  Other global players, including Chinese companies
like Xiaomi Corp and Lenovo Group Ltd have also managed to squeeze into the
fray.
Xiaomi and Lenovo were ranked third and fourth on that list, with 5.2 percent
and 5.1 percent shares, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2015 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Apple under fire as its new iPhone bends in the pocket

BYLINE: Christian McCashin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 443 words


OWNERS of Apple's latest iPhone 6 Plus have been left reeling as the device that
costs an eye-watering (EURO)800 can bend out of shape simply by being in your
pocket.

The new wider model was launched alongside the normal-sized iPhone 6 last week.
However, in recent days a small but growing number of 6 Plus owners have
reported the issue that alters the phone's appearance.

Pictures and videos of warped and damaged iPhones swept the internet yesterday
as hundreds of users realised their new smartphones - 10million of which had
sold worldwide by Monday - were ruined.

The problem, being dubbed 'bendgate', is due to the phone's thin aluminium
exterior.

The phone will be launched here tomorrow but John Kennedy, of Irish technology
website www.Siliconrepublic.com, has questioned whether the online complaints
will trigger a recall of the phones sold so far.

It is believed the thinner model's use of aluminium in its design causes it to
deform. Word started to spread on Twitter in the US on Tuesday night and a video
appeared on YouTube showing someone bending an iPhone 6 Plus using just their
fingers. Crucially in the video, which has already been viewed nearly 14million
times, the phone does not break and the screen does not shatter.

The MacRumours website said on Tuesday that 'a small but growing number of
iPhone 6 Plus owners have reportedly bent their phones after carrying the
devices in their pockets just days after launch'.

Mr Kennedy said of the flagged-up glitch: 'It's huge when people are expected to
pay nearly (EURO)1,000 for a new model and it can bend in your pocket. It
doesn't look to me like Apple has seen this one coming.

'They stress-test these things, but probably never thought of it sitting in
somebody's pocket for five hours or sitting on bus. Aluminium is strong but it
bends.' He said Apple will most likely issue a recall of some or all of the
handsets.

Comment - Page 14 Shunning the iPhone - Page 15 DETAILS OF IPHONE 6 PLUS ?Case:
Made from a single piece of aluminium alloy rather than plastic, which would be
more robust ?Screen: The supersized 14cm HD Retina screen is Apple's biggest
yet, following competitors' success with larger models ?Length: The phone is
16cm long - nearly 4cm inches longer than the iPhone 5 - creating more potential
for the body to bend under pressure ?Thickness: At about a quarter of an inch
thick, it is a shade slimmer than the iPhone 5. ?Weight: Just over 6oz ?Cost: An
estimated (EURO)790 for a 16GB model, (EURO)895 for 64GB and (EURO)1,000 for
128GB ?Sales: There are no Irish sales figures yet as it is not on sale here but
thousands of people are expected to flock to shops tomorrow

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warped: The iPhone 6

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Users, reviewers love the new iPhone 6;
iPhone 6 Review

LENGTH: 373 words



HIGHLIGHT: Bigger is better and Apple has finally realised this and given iPhone
users a product that may be low on novelty but high on improvements, reviewers
wrote.


Bigger is better and Apple has finally realised this and given iPhone users a
product that may be low on novelty but high on improvements, reviewers wrote.

Most reviewers say that the iPhone 6 is the best smartphone available or "ever
made," while the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus has been described as a "phablet" that
will give competition to Samsung Electronics's Galaxy S line of 'big' Android
phones.

"I think it's a terrific phone. In my view, it's the best smartphone on the
market, when you combine its hardware, all-new operating system, and the Apple
ecosystem whose doors it opens," Walt Mossberg wrote of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 in
the tech blog Re/code.

Geoffrey Fowler, who reviewed the phones for the Wall Street Journal, said Apple
has "successfully addressed its size deficiency." Mossberg said the increase in
the screen size is a "catch-up" feature. But it is seen as a welcome change by
Fowler, who said the iPhone "felt stuck in a bygone era called 2012" before the
launch of the bigger phones. New York Times reviewer Molly Wood appreciated the
new "thinner, flatter and more rounded shapes" of both the phones. But she
pointed out that the sleek look comes at the cost of the phones feeling
"slippery." The improvements made to the operating system - the iOS 8 software,
and that to the camera were given a thumbs up by reviewers across the board.
However, most believed that Apple could have done more to enhance the battery
life of the phones. Joshua Topolsky, who reviewed the phones for Bloomberg, said
they were faster than their predecessors. "Apple will tell you that these are
the fastest mobile devices it's ever made, and it wouldn't be lying. These
phones scream," Topolsky wrote. Tech blog The Verge's David Pierce said the new
iPhone's camera was its standout feature, making it the "best smartphone on the
planet." The camera now allows faster image focusing and slow-motion video
recording. The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on Sept. 19 in the United States. Apple
said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones,
double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago. Apple shares were trading up
0.6 percent at dollar 101.46 in morning trading on the Nasdaq. For more visit:
www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Lots to like in the new iPhone 6 Plus - if you can look past the screen

BYLINE: Comment John Davidson

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 580 words


It looks like Apple was stuck between a rock and South Korea when it came up
with the iPhone 6 Plus.

On the one hand, the company that helped reinvent the smartphone had to catch up
with the world's largest phone maker, Samsung, by making a large phone of its
own. The new iPhone 6 Plus has a 13.97-centimetre screen, the same size as
Samsung's popular Galaxy Note devices from a couple of years ago. (The last two
Notes have had 14.47 centimetre screens, so in that sense, Apple still has a
year and 0.5 centimetres of catching up to do.)

Apple had to try to keep faith with the Apple developer community, which has
churned out 1.3 million apps for iPhones, and which likes the fact there aren't
as many shapes and sizes of the iPhone, compared with Android phones.

So the iPhone 6 Plus has a much-lower resolution than it probably should have, -
400 pixels per 2.5 centimetres, compared with 515 on the Note 4 - which should
make it easier for developers to cope with even if it's not as appealing for
consumers. I mean, why else would Apple allow itself to remain behind in screen
technology, the one issue the iPhone 6 Plus was meant to address, if not for the
sake of ensuring the apps still look OK on the new phone?

Then again, up until a week ago, I would have agreed with Apple that 400 pixels
per inch (2.5 centimetres) was more sharpness than anyone could ever need. But
then I saw the Gear VR, a pair of goggles that turns the Note 4 into a virtual
reality gaming, video watching and educational headset, and I realised why the
South Korean manufacturers have bothered to push past 500 ppi. LG is now at 538
ppi and counting. We're going to be looking at our phones through lenses soon
enough.

Setting the screen to one side, there's plenty to like about the new iPhone.
It's got near-field communication (NFC), just like most high-end Androids have
had for some years, but in Apple's hands the wireless technology promises to be
useful for more than just pairing your phone with your headphones.

Apple's NFC-based payments system, Apple Pay, could one day mean you'll be able
to pay for things just by tapping the phone on a cash register. It's only in the
US at the moment, but it could be a winning feature when it gets to Australia.

The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have also got enhanced graphics performance, like
the Galaxy Note 4, which Apple says will allow the phones to run console-class
games.

And like the Note 4, the new iPhones will be awash with sensing technology -
built around a new co-processor, which should be able to keep sensing even when
the main processor has gone to sleep, so you'll be able to keep fitness and
health apps running (or at least recording data) without killing your batteries.

Apple has had to play catch-up with Samsung on battery life, but now says it's
made a lot of improvements, so hopefully they'll be able to last a whole day
without a recharge, something that a lot of Apple users say they can't do with
their iPhone 5s. Whether it's enough to catch Samsung's Note 4, which should
offer 1.5 to 2 days of usage on a single charge, and which has a replaceable
battery, remains to be seen.

The smaller iPhone 6 will sell in Australia from September 19 for $869 for the
16GB model, $999 for the 64GB model and $1129 for the new 128GB model. The
iPhone 6 Plus, also due on September 19, will be $999, $1129 and $1249 for the
same storage sizes, respectively.

Telstra, SingTel Optus and Vodafone Australia will release their pricing by
Friday.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday
                                 NTNews Edition

Four million fans order new iPhone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 111 words


THEY don't go one sale for another two days but already the iPhone 6 and iPhone
6 Plus have broken records as Apple's most popular smartphones.

Apple has received more than four million pre-orders for the two phones that
have some fans queuing outside of stores ahead of the release on Friday.

That is about double the number of pre-orders for the iPhone 5 when it was
released two years ago.

"Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple," Apple's
chief executive Tim Cook said in a statement.

Analysts are predicted Apple will sell up to 10 million iPhones in the first
weekend.The bigger 14cm phablet with the iPhone 6 Plus is the major drawcard.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Northern Territory News


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

Shares drop as new iPhone models unveiled;
Investors wary about security, pricing, how devices will affect iPad sales,
analysts say

BYLINE: Michael Lewis Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 605 words


Investors gave a cool initial reaction to Apple Inc.'s product launch Tuesday.

Apple shares turned slightly lower after the Cupertino, Calif.-based company
unveiled two larger screen iPhone 6 models, a mobile payment system called Apple
Pay and the Apple Watch.

Analysts said the share weakness reflects fears about security, pricing and
whether bigger phones will eat into sales of the iPad tablet. The shares traded
flat at $98.03 (U.S.) after hours.

Still, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are expected to quickly become the
company's biggest earners, and could help stem the tide of users moving to
lower-cost, larger-screen Android devices, especially in China and other Asian
markets.

"The main benefit for Apple in going to a larger size of screen is not so much
to woo people over to its devices, but to prevent its customers defecting,
particularly to devices such as Samsung's Galaxy Note," said IDC mobility team
researcher John Delaney.

As was widely expected, the world's biggest tech company took the wraps off
bigger and faster iPhones to meet consumer demand for screens that can better
display apps and streamed content.

The launch of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus represents a
shift from co-founder Steve Jobs' commitment to small, elegant devices that can
be controlled with one hand.

Screen resolution on the Plus will be sharper than previous iPhones, at 401
pixels per inch rather than 326, and the device comes with a new horizontal view
of the home screen. App developers will also have tools to rearrange their
content to take advantage of that larger screen.

Apple said the phones will have better battery life than previous versions and
feature a barometer sensor to gauge stair climbing distance.

Users will also be able to make regular calls over Wi-Fi when cellular reception
is poor, with the feature initially available through T-Mobile in the U.S.

Apple said it is adding sensors to produce better photos and is also improving a
slow-motion video feature by allowing even slower shots. The camera will be able
to take 240 frames per second, double the iPhone 5s. Normally, video is at 60
frames per second.

The new phones will start shipping in the U.S. on Sept. 19, with advance orders
to begin this Friday. Starting prices will be comparable to those in the past -
$199 with a two-year contract for the iPhone 6 with 16 gigabytes of storage.

However, the step-up models will have double the memory compared to past devices
- at $299 for 64 gigabytes and $399 for 128 gigabytes. The iPhone 6 Plus phones
will cost $100 more at each configuration.

Apple also unveiled a new payment system called Apple Pay that will use the
iPhone camera to capture a photo of a credit card.

Apple will verify the card and add it to a phone's Passbook account to allow
payments at a retailer.

Apple announced several merchants that will accept the system, including Macy's,
Whole Foods and Disney stores.

The service will use NFC chips in the new iPhones and Touch ID, with 22,000
compatible retailers and initial availability in the U.S. only.

Apple said security has been a focus of the system, with the card number stored
only on the device and a one-time card number created to make each transaction.

Apple's software also received an annual update with Tuesday's announcement - to
iOS 8 which Apple calls the most important refresh since the introduction of the
app store in 2008.

Existing iPhone and iPad users will be eligible for the free upgrade that will
let Apple devices work better in sync - with the hand-off feature extended to
the Apple Watch. The software will be available to existing users on Sept. 17.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks at an Apple special event on Tuesday. Justin
Sullivan/GETTY IMAGES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                     September 6, 2016 Tuesday 10:56 AM GMT

iPhone 7 to come in FIVE colours - all the latest updates, features and rumours;

All the latest news as Apple gets ready to launch new model in San Francisco

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 416 words


The iPhone 7 is coming, according to reports, and new details are now emerging
ahead of the launch.

Apple will reportedly unveil the new smartphone model - which is eagerly
anticipated by millions across the globe, including Coventry and Warwickshire
residents - at a big event in San Francisco on September 7.

And the new details come from well-connected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI
Securities, who issued a new research note on Saturday.

According to the note, the iPhone 7 model will include one very useful feature
for photo fanatics - it will have four LED flash lights, up from two in the
iPhone 6s.

Furthermore, two of these LEDs will be in cool colours, and two in warm colours,
and Apple is also expected to add an ambient light sensor to the iPhone 7.

Apple and Netflix customers targeted by new scam

These additions should improve image quality, according to experts, but it
remains to be seen whether the new features will appear on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7
or just the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus.

The latter is also expected to feature a dual-lens camera capable of taking
SLR-quality photos.

According to Kuo, the iPhone 7 Plus camera will feature two 12-megapixel lenses
- one wide angle, and one telephoto.

iPhone 7 launch date CONFIRMED by Apple - find out when

The new design is expected to offer optical zoom and light field camera
applications.

The research note, seen by AppleInsider, also suggests the iPhone 7 will come in
32GB, 128GB, and 256GB storage options, eliminating both the 16GB and 64GB
tiers, according to Kuo.

It will come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, dark black and "piano
black".

iPhone hackers can access your device with just ONE click

Recently, Apple has been facing issues in the form of the dreaded 'Touch
Disease', first spotted last week by gadget repair specialist iFixit.

According to reports, a growing number of customers have been sending their
iPhone 6 handsets in for repair after a grey, flickering bar appeared at the top
of their display.

Shortly after the appearance of this grey bar, the iPhone's touchscreen has
reportedly become unresponsive, rendering the device useless.

iFixit claims that the issue can be traced back to a structural design flaw in
the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus - meaning millions of handsets could potentially be
vulnerable.

Despite this revelation, it currently remains unclear how widespread the problem
is.

Several users have been left angry by their handset's vulnerability, with many
taking to the Apple website to report the issue.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

Apple opts for HK over mainland for launch Apple chooses city over mainland;
Unlike a year ago, fans across the border will have to wait extra week for
latest iPhone

BYLINE: Bien Perez and Amy Nip

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Technology; Pg.3

LENGTH: 471 words


Apple will roll out its new smartphones in nine markets, including Hong Kong,
next week. But customers in mainland China will have to wait a week longer for
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The phones will cost from HK$5,588 and HK$6,388 respectively in the city when
they go on sale  on September 19.

Some analysts were surprised to see mainland China excluded in the first round
of sales, a stark contrast to the unprecedented simultaneous launch of the
iPhone 5C and iPhone 5S in Beijing and the United States a year ago.

Apple did not say why its biggest overseas market would have to wait an extra
week. There were suggestions the delay was linked to the leaking on Chinese
websites of  details of the phones, which are  made in mainland China.

Mobile phone traders in Sin Tat Plaza, Mong Kok, will offer as much as HK$13,088
for the most expensive model - the iPhone 6 Plus with 128-gigabyte memory - or a
premium of HK$5,000  over the official  price of HK$8,088.

The new iPhones unveiled on Tuesday come in gold, silver and grey and have 16GB,
64GB and 128GB capacity.

Traders expect brisk business in the first week of sales as a result of the
later mainland launch. The iPhones with  128GB capacity will see the biggest
difference between the official and resale prices, with the gold ones expected
to be most popular, says The First Digital shop.

The other eight markets chosen for the September 19 roll-out are the US, Canada,
Britain, France, Germany, Australia, Singapore and Japan.

Apple singled out HKT's CSL mobile unit, Hong Kong's largest wireless network
operator, SmarTone Telecommunications and Hutchison Telecommunications Hong
Kong, which runs the Three mobile network in the city, as among the first batch
of 4G operators ready to support the so-called high-quality voice call over
Long-Term Evolution (VoLTE) service for its updated smartphones.

Stephen Chau Kam-kun, chief technology officer at SmarTone, confirmed  that the
operator and Hutchison Telecom "have been qualified by Apple to support VoLTE on
the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus".

The city's mobile operators previously offered circuit switch-based voice calls
through existing 2G and 3G networks, but have been upgrading their networks with
VoLTE as they deployed high-speed 4G networks.

At their official launch in California, Apple chief executive Tim Cook touted
the new smartphones as "the biggest advancements in iPhone history".

Apple also announced the initial rollout of its own Apple Pay contactless mobile
payment system, which is only available in the US, and introduced the highly
anticipated Apple Watch, which will be available early next year  and be priced
from US$349.

Apart from having more powerful processors, improved cameras and the iOS 8
mobile operating system upgrade, both the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus support
Apple Pay.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  The Apple Watch, the company's first wearable device,
is launched to great fanfare on Tuesday. It features a flexible retina display.
Photo: EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

iPhones with bigger screens may find eager buyers among seniors -BYLN- By Brian
Womack Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 737 words


Eden Adams, 65, is ready to upgrade after using her iPhone for about three
years.

The schoolteacher from Fremont, California, had looked at her daughter's Samsung
Electronics Co. smartphone, which has a larger screen, and considered buying the
Korean manufacturer's device before learning of Apple Inc.'s plans to roll out
new iPhones with bigger displays.

"My daughter's is easier to read; the quality of her pictures are really good
too," she said, adding that she hopes to buy a new iPhone soon. "I am even
tempted to switch, but I don't want to learn too many new things."

Adams and others at or near retirement age could prove to be a customer category
that will help make the iPhone 6 another best-seller. Apple unveiled recently
two new iPhone models: one with a 4.7-inch screen and another with a 5.5-inch
display. The larger model now sits squarely in the same league as similar
oversized models made popular by rivals such as Samsung and LG Electronics Inc.

After pioneering the smartphone market, Apple is moving away from its focus on
smaller screens. While bigger displays make it easier for a younger crowd to
read digital books, play games or watch movies, the large screens also let
people who need reading glasses boost the size of the font and images on their
smartphones without sacrificing screen real estate.

Slightly more than half of consumers planning to buy a smartphone will opt for a
larger device, according to a survey conducted earlier this year by Accenture
Plc.

Big Fonts

"Samsung did sort of create this phablet market, but I think that doesn't mean
that Apple wouldn't benefit greatly by moving into this direction," said J.P.
Gownder, an analyst at Forrester Inc., referring to products that are considered
an amalgamation of phones and tablets. "The average age is getting older and
clearly visual acuity declines in that situation."

The 4.7-inch iPhone 6, which will have rounded edges and a thinner frame than
earlier models, will cost $199 to $399 with a two-year contract in the U.S.,
while the larger 6 Plus is priced at $299 to $499. The devices are set to ship
on Sept. 19 in a limited number of countries.

At 5.5 diagonal inches, the heftiest iPhone is more than one-third larger than
the last model, in terms of screen area. It's also larger than one of Samsung's
leading devices, the Galaxy S5, which has a 5.1-inch screen. The iPhone 6 Plus
is just slightly smaller than the Samsung Note 3, which is 5.7 inches. Other
phones made by LG and HTC Corp. are also 5 inches or larger.

Clear Vision

Mel Gurney, a retired physician in Santa Rosa, California, said he's looking
forward to replacing his 5S iPhone with the new 5.5-inch version. While the
58-year-old's current smartphone lets him enlarge the typeface for some items,
not all applications let him easily expand letters and numbers.

"When something comes through on my iPhone that I really need to read, I got to
run around the house, looking for my reading glasses," he said. "Vision is
everything. If you can't see it, it doesn't do you much good."

Gurney also said that the bigger display not only helps him to see the screen;
it's also beneficial for tapping, since he has larger fingers that sometimes
makes it difficult to manipulate icons and menus.

"The other advantages far outweigh the discomfort of trying to fit it into one
of my back pockets," Gurney said.

Larger displays are increasingly critical for users as they absorb more digital
content through mobile applications and the Internet, Gownder said. That's
coming at the expense of voice capabilities that once were more central to
phones.

Potential Buyers

More than a third of consumers who weren't planning to upgrade their iPhones
would do so if a larger-screen model were available, according to a survey in
June by RBC Capital Markets. More than a quarter of those who responded said
they're willing to spend $299 to buy a 5.5-inch iPhone, according to the poll.

It isn't just retirees who are poised to buy bigger iPhones. Shannon Stark, 42,
is ready for a larger screen as she relies more on her glasses. Her current
phone, the 4S with a 3.5-inch screen, just isn't as easy to use as a larger
Samsung device that her mother has, said the construction estimator, who lives
in North Bay, Canada.

"I would love to have an iPhone that is bigger," Stark said, adding she's aiming
to get the 6 Plus. "My iPhone felt like a little-kid phone after playing with
hers for a bit."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press The iPhone 6 plus, left, and iPhone 6 are displayed on
Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday

iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch in India to lukewarm response;
Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

BYLINE: Gwyn D'Mello

LENGTH: 419  words


Customers seem to be shying away from pre-bookings, with numbers falling shorter
than the expectation.

Apple's latest smartphones, the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, finally made their
way to India last night, hitting stores across the country at midnight. This is
by far the quickest rollout of an iPhone to Indian consumers, post their US
launch less than a month ago.

The iPhone 6s is available for Rs 62,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 72,000 for the
64GB, and Rs 82,000 for the 128GB. The iPhone 6s Plus, meanwhile priced at Rs
72,000 for the 16GB version, Rs 82,000 for the 64GB, and Rs 92,000 for the 64GB.
Both iPhones are available in Silver, Space Gray, Gold, and a new Rose Gold
colour variant. The phones are available at authorised Apple resellers and at
chain stores like Croma and Reliance Digital, as well as on e-commerce websites
Flipkart, Amazon India, and Snapdeal.

But despite the people queuing up outside stores before midnight, pre-booking
slips in hand, response on the ground seemed lukewarm in comparison to last
year's queue-around-the-block crowd. We found three stores in the Lower Parel
region of Mumbai which, despite being located inside a mall and within 200
metres of each other, only had a combined total of about 70 customers waiting
for the midnight launch. It's likely that customers are daunted by how expensive
the new iPhones are; at least Rs 8,000 more than the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were
priced at launch.

Then, there's also the fact that a lot of customers wait for new iPhone launches
so they can buy the older models at slashed rates. Prices for last-gen iPhones
have already been lowered, with the iPhone 6 available at Rs 36,999 for 16GB, Rs
45,999 for the 64GB, and Rs 62,499 for 128GB. The iPhone 6 Plus is now available
at Rs 48,999 for the 16GB, Rs 71,500 for the 64GB version, and Rs 74,678 for the
128GB.

A third possibility, is that, since potential customers have already waited a
while to get their hands on the new iPhones, they're probably willing to wait
until the Diwali  season kicks in and e-commerce portals like Flipkart and
Amazon India start holding sales. Even if prices don't drop, customers will at
the very least have some feedback on the 6s and 6s Plus by then, and will know
which version they want.

But this "wait and watch" game is definitely hurting retailers on the ground,
with pre-bookings falling far short of the expected volume. Only time will tell
if the wave is just late this time, or non-existent.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

IPhone trade-ins shave device price in promo frenzy

BYLINE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS WIRE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1215 words


Many of the people rushing to buy an iPhone 6 tomorrow will fund the purchase
with a currency that's growing in value: old iPhones.

Used versions of the smartphone can be worth hundreds of dollars, thanks to
rising demand for the earlier models in emerging markets and at home. This year,
as many as three- quarters of Americans who upgrade their iPhones will trade in
their devices, according to Roger Entner, an analyst at Recon Analytics LLC.
That's as many as 22.5 million old iPhones being handed in, up from only about
half of users trading in iPhones for upgrades last year.

With IDC projecting that Apple Inc. will sell as many as 65 million iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus devices this year, carriers have blanketed consumers with
advertisements: an iPhone upgrade every two years for life, as much as a $300 in
credit for old models or promises to top any competitor's promotion with an
extra $50. Carriers are willing to help offset the cost of upgrading as the
skirmish for customers intensifies. There are already more wireless devices in
the U.S. than people, so adding new subscribers typically means winning them
from a competitor.

"There's a massive iPhone upgrade cycle going on and the carriers know this,"
said Michael Cote, an analyst with the Cote Collaborative in Chicago. "There are
a lot of subscribers in play right now. These customers are up for grabs and
everyone is trying to hold on to them."

Pre-orders for the new iPhone models already topped 4 million in the first 24
hours, setting a record, according to Apple. The devices go on sale in stores
Sept. 19.

For wireless providers like AT&T Inc. and T-Mobile US Inc., dangling trade-in
deals has the added bonus of encouraging upgrades while also helping the
carriers offset the cost of the promotions. Carriers can -- either on their own
or through a third-party reseller -- refurbish and sell those old devices to
help cover some of the cost of getting a customer to join or sign a contract.

For example, Verizon Communications Inc. offers as much as a $300 gift card to
customers who trade in a qualifying iPhone in good condition. That helps
customers afford the cost of new pricey devices. Before accounting for the
promotion, a new iPhone 6 with 16-gigabytes of storage costs $649.99 at Verizon
without a contract or financing plan, or $199.99 with a two-year contract.
Verizon can then turn around and resell the old model phone to recoup some of
that promotional cost.

Getting customers to buy new phones is especially important under increasingly
popular installment plans, in which consumers pay the whole value of new phones
over several months in return for lower service rates. Carriers like AT&T
benefit under the new model because customers pay more in the first two years of
installments than under traditional pricing that subsidized the cost of a phone,
according to David Heger, an analyst at Edward Jones & Co.

A trade-in promotion "feeds the machine," he said, by encouraging phone upgrades
that bring in more revenue for phone providers offering installment plans.

"There may be still some promotional costs associated with doing these rebates
in the short term, but I think the thought is that there's enough value in used
iPhones that they can get back most of that," Heger said.

The booming resale market may be helping no carrier more than No. 3 Sprint
Corp., whose shares are up 16 percent since the new Apple devices were unveiled.
Sprint's new chief executive officer, Marcelo Claure, founded Brightstar Corp.,
one of the biggest resellers, and both companies are now owned by Japan's
SoftBank Corp.

The relationship with Brightstar has enabled Claure to lock in resale prices for
iPhones down the line, giving him an edge in phone financing programs, according
to Colby Synesael, an analyst at Cowen & Co.

"They know once you're done with that phone in two years that there's a very
definitive price they can get for that device from Brightstar, which also
enables them to be able to price more aggressively on these plans," Synesael
said in a phone interview.

In a comparison of total costs over two years for an iPhone 6 with a base level
of 16 gigabytes of storage, Sprint's "iPhone for Life" plan -- which lets users
upgrade to a new version of the smartphone every two years -- is by far the
cheapest of the top four U.S. carriers, according to research by Jonathan Atkin,
an analyst with RBC Capital Markets.

Brightstar will likely pay Sprint about $200 for each used iPhone 6 that
customers turn in for an upgrade in two years, according to Kevin Smithen, an
analyst at Macquarie Group Ltd. That removes the risk that Sprint, based in
Overland Park, Kansas, would have to writedown as many as 10 million used phones
in two years, Smithen wrote in a research note this week.

Many of these used phones from the U.S. end up in emerging markets in Asia,
South America, and eastern Europe, where consumers often can't afford the latest
smartphone. At NextWorth Solutions Inc., which lets users trade in electronics
for cash or discounts, 75 percent of the iPhones it receives are shipped abroad.

Flipping phones to new users can be a profitable business. For example, reseller
Gazelle Inc. may pay a customer $275 for their iPhone5 with 16 gigabytes of
memory and in good condition. The same device can command more than $460 on
EBay.

While that means that selling a device yourself may lead to the best value if
you're willing to do the legwork, the window to capitalize may be slim without a
guarantee from a carrier or third-party reseller.

Used iPhone prices plummet dramatically after the announcement of a new phone,
dropping about 5 percent within one week of the new devices being announced and
by as much as 20 percent within three to four weeks, according to Nik Raman,
chief operating officer of USell.com Inc.

While it's not a novel concept, consumers are more aware than ever that they can
sell their old iPhones, Samsung Galaxies and other devices instead of socking
them away in a drawer or shoebox. Two years ago, only 6 percent of smartphone
owners knew that their used devices could be sold. That's up to about 36 percent
this year, according to a Gazelle survey of about 1,000 consumers in May.

"Consumer awareness has always been our challenge, just getting people aware
that there's value in their old devices," said Jeff Trachsel, chief marketing
officer at NextWorth, which processes hundreds of thousands of phones annually.
"There are more promotions now, and the offers are getting richer."

There's still room to bolster the efforts to reuse or recycle old phones. Less
than 20 percent of the 130 million mobile phones tossed aside annually are
reused or recycled, according to Movaluate, which appraises used smartphones.
That means more than 104 million are discarded in desk drawers or added to
landfills.

"Our biggest competitor is still the drawer," Alyssa Voorhis, senior tech
analyst at Gazelle, said in an interview. "It's a huge opportunity. We see
insatiable demand all over."

To contact the reporters on this story: Olga Kharif in Portland at
okharifbloomberg.net; Doni Bloomfield in New York at mbloomfiel12bloomberg.net;
Scott Moritz in New York at smoritz6bloomberg.net To contact the editors
responsible for this story: Sarah Rabil at srabilbloomberg.net Ben Livesey

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Many of the people rushing to buy an iPhone 6 tomorrow
will fund the purchase with a currency that's growing in value: old iPhones.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Mumbai Edition

New iPhones start from Rs. 54k in India

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 128 words


The Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be available in India beginning
midnight on Friday, October 17, from authorized resellers Ingram Micro,
Redington, Rashi Peripherals and Reliance.

The two iPhone models are different in terms of their size. The iPhone 6 has a
4.7inch (1334x750px) screen, while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5-inch
(1920x1080px) display .

Both have an 8MP rear camera and a 1.2MP front shooter; support 2G, 3G and 4G
network, and run on the new iOS 8 operating system.

The iPhone 6 will be available at Rs 53,500 (16GB), Rs 62,500 (64GB) and Rs
71,500 (128GB). The Apple iPhone Plus will retail at Rs 62,500 (16GB), Rs 71,500
and Rs 80,500 (128GB).

Cashless pre-orders open October 7 at all Apple flagship stores, channel
partners and premium resellers.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

iPhone fanatic to take a breather after No 6

BYLINE: MATT STEWART

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 428 words


ALEX GORDON has finally learned that some things are more important than a new
iPhone.

The Lower Hutt financial analyst was in the queues when the iPhone 3G was
released in 2008 and and again when the iPhone 5 came out in 2012.

He'll be there again when the new iPhone 6 goes on sale at Spark Central in
Willis St early on Friday morning - but he has agreed with his wife that he'll
take a short break after that.

"There's always a debate on this but we've agreed I can go to every second
release, so it'll probably be another couple of years."

Gordon is looking forward to the latest features on the iPhone 6, including its
bigger screen and one-touch secure mobile payment feature, even though Kiwis
will have to wait for that app to arrive.

The iPhone 6, touted by Apple as the "biggest advancement" in the device's
history, will go on sale from 12.01am on Friday at Vodafone's Lambton Quay
store, and from 7am and 8am respectively that day at Spark and 2Degrees'
flagship Wellington stores.

From today, 100 Spark customers who registered online will have a printout of a
life-sized emoji - a digital icon used to express emotion - stand in as a
place-holder at the Willis St store.

On Friday, once their emoji is edging to the front of the line, they will be
texted so they can take their physical place in the queue.

Spark home, mobile and business general manager Jason Paris said: "Not everyone
has the time to wait for days in a line. We thought the emoji queue was a fun,
free way for them to get involved and it's practical too."

The iPhone 6 has a recommended retail price of $999 for the 16GB model, $1149
for 64GB and $1299 for a new 128GB.

However, iPhone 6s bought overseas have already been turning up on Trade Me,
including a 128GB version bought in Sydney and sold for $1700.

Consumer NZ chief executive Sue Chetwin said there was nothing wrong with people
selling phones bought overseas, but buyers were protected under consumer rights
laws only if the sellers were registered Trade Me traders.

Buyers also needed to recognise that buyers did not have the same safeguards
under New Zealand law for products bought overseas, she said.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Beat the queues: Auckland iPhone fans have been "queuing" at Queen St's flagship
Spark store since Monday with life-sized printed emoji reserving their places.
Once a customer's emoji nears the front of the queue for Friday's launch, the
customer

receives a text so they can show up in person.

Must-have: A customer holds an iPhone 6, right, and an iPhone 6 Plus after the
phones went on sale in New York.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  EFYtimes.com

                      October 29, 2013 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

iPhone 6 Could Come With Bigger Display In 2014!

BYLINE: Prasid Banerjee, EFY News Network

LENGTH: 318  words


Many analysts are pointing towards a bigger screen iPhone to come in 2014.

Tuesday, October 29, 2013: The next generation Apple iPhone 6 could reportedly
be announced in the summer of 2014. According to reports, Gene Munster, senior
analyst for Piper Jaffray, a US investment bank, has sent a note to Apple
investors mentioning that the technology giant will be launching the eighth
instalment in its successful iPhone series with a bigger display. The new iPhone
will reportedly be launched in September next year.

Munster is not the only analyst to predict the launch of the iPhone 6 next year
with a bigger display though. Another analyst, Brian White, has also said the
same thing. White's reportedly made the statement after meeting with a supplier.
Gizbot quoted White as saying, "Our meeting with a tech supply chain vendor
highlighted a bigger iPhone is in the works, and our contact expects a launch in
the 2Q:14/3Q:14 time frame. Nearly a year ago, our research in Asia uncovered
early stage work on a larger iPhone and we indicated in our Apple initiation
report dated 9/4/13 that a larger screen size on the iPhone is possible in 2014,
that could approach 5-inches. Given today's meeting, we are confident that a
larger iPhone (approximately five inches) will become a reality in 2014."

Further, Gizbot also reported that Peter Misek, an analyst from Jeffries, also
believes that the Cupertino-based technology giant is in advanced stages of
launching the iPhone with a bigger display. Misek though pointed towards a
12.1-cm (4.8-inch) screen.

Apple's recent iPhone 5S has received a lot of flak for the lack of a big enough
screen. In addition, the company also tried its hand with a low cost iPhone 5C,
which has reportedly not reaped the rewards the company was hoping to. With
screen sizes going as big as 6-inches with the Nokia Lumia 1520, the pressure is
on Apple to come up with something bigger.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2013 EFY Enterprises Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 14, 2014 Sunday

Se acabó la espera iPhones más grandes Un reloj inteligente

SECTION: REFLEJOS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 487 words


(AP) -- Por primera vez, los iPhone de Apple no son la estrella del espectáculo.
Apple develó un reloj inteligente, un dispositivo que se puede llevar puesto y
que marca el primer nuevo producto importante de la compañía desde el debut del
iPad en el 2010.

El iPhone 6 tendrá una pantalla de 4.7 pulgadas, mientras que el iPhone 6 Plus
tendrá una de 5.5 pulgadas. La resolución de pantalla de la versión Plus tendrá
mayor definición que los iPhones anteriores, con 401 pixeles por pulgada en
lugar de 326.

Con la pantalla más grande viene una nueva vista horizontal de la pantalla de
inicio. Generalmente, los íconos están organizados verticalmente, aún cuando el
teléfono es girado horizontalmente. Los nuevos teléfonos no son tan grandes como
los teléfonos representativos de Samsung -- 5.1 pulgadas para el Galaxy S5 y 5.7
pulgadas para el Note 4 -- pero serán lo suficientemente grandes para
neutralizar la ventaja clave que han tenido Samsung y otros fabricantes de
Android.

Apple dice que los nuevos teléfonos serán más rápidos y tendrán mejor vida de
batería que las versiones anteriores. Los teléfonos también tendrán un nuevo
sensor, el barómetro, para calcular cuánto ha subido las escaleras, no sólo qué
tan lejos ha caminado.

La resolución en la cámara permanecerá en 8 megapixeles, mientras que los
teléfonos rivales Android y Windows han estado mejorando eso. El S5, por
ejemplo, es de 16 megapixeles. Sin embargo, el conteo de mexapixeles es sólo un
factor para obtener buenas fotografías. Apple dice que está poniendo nuevos
sensores para mejores fotos.

Los nuevos teléfonos comenzarán a distribuirse en EEUU el 19 de septiembre. Los
precios base serán comparables a aquellos del pasado -- $199 con un contrato de
dos años para el iPhone 6 con 16 gigabytes de almacenamiento. Sin embargo, los
modelos más actualizados tendrán el doble de memoria que antes -- $299 por 64
gigabytes y $399 por 128 gigabytes. el iPhone 6 Plus costará $100 más en cada
configuración.

Apple presentó su nuevo reloj inteligente Apple Watch. Las empresas de
electrónicos no han demostrado necesidad de relojes inteligentes porque las
pulseras han sido los productos nicho dirigidos a rastrear actividades de
acondicionamiento físico. El dispositivo de Apple busca cambiar eso.

Cook dice que Apple tuvo que inventar una nueva interface para el reloj.

Gran parte de la interacción sería a través de la perilla el reloj, lo que Apple
llama la corona digital. Se usa para acercamientos y alejamientos en un mapa,
por ejemplo, para no bloquear la pantalla. Apple también trabajó con los
programadores de aplicaciones para crear nueva funcionalidad. Usted podrá abrir
puertas de habitaciones en hoteles Starwood o recordarse a sí mismo dónde
estacionó su carro con una aplicación de BMW.

El nuevo reloj vendrá en variedad de estilos, tamaños y correas,. El reloj
inteligente estará disponible a principios del año próximo con un precio inicial
de $349.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Foto: AP El CEO de Apple, Tim Cook, presenta el nuevo iPhone 6 y el
iPhone 6 Plus el 9 de septiembre en Cupertino, California. Apple CEO Tim Cook
introduces the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus on Sept. 9, in Cupertino, Calif.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Global Times (China)

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

iPhone craze spurs strong grey market

BYLINE: Jiang Jie

LENGTH: 436  words


As the Chinese mainland awaits the new iPhone 6, customers' frenzy over the new
smartphone has already bred a lucrative business for scalpers and smugglers,
leading many to question the irrational enthusiasm. Customs officers in
Shenzhen, Guangdong Province have seized more than 1,800 iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus models. Among these, 200 were confiscated as illegally smuggled goods,
while the remaining 1,600 were taxed or returned, people.com.cn reported .
Apple's new products hit the shelves on September 19 in nine countries and
regions including Hong Kong, Japan and the US.

The new models are still awaiting final approval by mainland authorities. Miao
Wei, minister of industry and information technology, called for public patience
on Tuesday, many happy Apple fans in the Chinese mainland have been showing off
their new gadgets thanks to the grey market.People have tried a number of
ingenious ways of getting the products to the Chinese mainland. Customs officers
have caught several travelers trying to cross the border with iPhones hidden
inside packaging for other products, including tea and toothpaste, media
reported. A man was caught with eight iPhone 6s hidden in three layers of
underpants as he tried to pass into the Chinese mainland from Hong Kong on
Saturday. "One of my buyers waited for more than 24 hours at a store in the US.
She said most of the people in queue were Chinese, and many were scalpers who
would sell their iPhones right to US scalpers," Xiao Bai (pseudonym), a
Beijing-based iPhone 6 scalper, told the Global Times. An online video clip
showing a crowd of middle-aged or senior Chinese women waiting in line for the
iPhone 6 went viral on Wednesday. On Monday, two groups of Chinese customers at
an Apple store in New Haven, Connecticut even got into a violent conflict over
their places in line, with three later arrested, media reported. Many deplored
these scenes, criticizing the vanity that led to such behavior. "While many
appreciate the excellent user experience offered by Apple, for another large
part of the iPhone user base, the smartphone is just a social status symbol,"
said Xiao."It is such a shame to see the fights abroad but it is a vivid
reflection of the mindset of many Chinese: try to make small profits by any
means," Xiao said.For the past several days, the iPhone 6 has been on sale for
between 8,000 yuan ($1,303) and 9,000 yuan at Beijing's electronics hub
Zhongguancun. The price will likely drop to around 5,000 yuan by the end of this
year, as the new models are expected to be available at mainland Apple stores as
early as December, Xiao added.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1448


                          Copyright 2014 Global Times.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                        May 18, 2015 Monday 12:27 PM EST

iPhone 6s release may come as early as August

BYLINE: Yoni Heisler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 372  words


Click for image

While the first few iterations of the iPhone were all released during the summer
months, the iPhone 4s completely turned Apple's iPhone release schedule on its
head. Due to various production problems that resulted in delays, the iPhone 4s
was released in October of 2011. Since then, Apple has adjusted its iPhone
release schedule accordingly, with each new iPhone models now debuting during
the fall.

But now we're hearing word that Apple's next-gen iPhone, prematurely dubbed the
iPhone 6s, might be released sometime in August. According to a recent report in
GforGames, which typically has a decent track record with respect to Apple
rumors, rumblings from Apple's supply chain suggests that Apple doesn't
anticipate any yield issues with its next-gen iPhone and may revert back to a
summer launch schedule.

According to a new report originating from Apple's supply chain, yield for
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus components is so good that it would allow Apple to bring
the release date for this year's iPhone lineup forward to August (from
September, like we've gotten used to).

The insiders who have provided this report are also claiming that Apple has
recently begun to massively increase component orders which, if true, is either
an indication that the company is indeed gearing up for an earlier release or
that it expects to set a new sales record.

This is certainly interesting, not to mention plausible given that the iPhone 6s
upgrade is largely expected to consist of under-the-hood type of upgrades. In
contrast, previous iPhone upgrades have centered on hardware changes that are
more susceptible to manufacturing issues. The iPhone 5, for instance, introduced
a bigger screen. With the iPhone 5s, Apple introduced Touch ID. And with the
iPhone 6 models, Apple introduced larger screens yet again.

The only looming issue here is whether or not Apple might rub some users the
wrong way by releasing a completely new device just 10 to 11 months after the
last model. But given the immense and ongoing demand for the iPhone 6 and 6
Plus, something tells me that won't be much of an issue. Besides, it is 2015,
after all, and consumers should be more than aware by now that life in the tech
space moves extremely fast.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 International Data Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Is the iPhone 6 Plus easy to bend? Video says yes;
People who wear tight pants may be in for a surprise

BYLINE: Laura Mandaro, and Jessica Guynn, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 658 words


If you notice your new iPhone is a little bent out of shape when you pull it out
of your pocket, you may not be seeing things.

Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, which boast aluminum shells for lightness,
apparently live up to that other characteristic of aluminum: malleability.

Reports of bent iPhone 6 and 6 Plus handsets are popping up on social media, and
one product reviewer posted a video showing how far the larger frame can bend if
one really, really tries.

On Twitter, it's being called #BendGate and #Bendghazi.

So far there has been no official response from Apple.

Russell Holly, 29, decided to examine his new silver iPhone 6 after seeing
online reports of bent iPhones.

He noticed it wobbled on a flat surface. Then he compared it with the other
iPhone 6 he bought. The bend was unmistakable. His confidence in the iPhone
shaken, the mobile editor for Geek.com returned the phone.

"Smartphones are not invulnerable objects," he said. "I've dropped more than my
fair share of them, and I have seen other smartphones become damaged when people
sit on them or worse."

But, said the father of three: "As an iPhone owner, this is a deal breaker for
me. I can't own a device that I have to treat with such extreme care."

Lewis Hilsenteger, the creator of a YouTube review show called Unbox Therapy,
said he noticed a slight bend to his iPhone 6 Plus frame after carrying the
phone around in his pocket for a few days.

In a clip, he proceeds to worsen the effect by applying pressure with his thumbs
and fingers on the 5.5-inch frame. And, yes, it bends after some exertion. The
weakness was more pronounced near the buttons.

"Bottom line here is it's an aluminum phone; it is going to bend if you apply
enough pressure, like I just did. Will this happen in your front pocket? That
probably depends on how tight your pants are," Hilsenteger says in the video,
which had 8.3 million views one day after it first published.

Modest grumbling about the new device from Apple, famed for its innovative,
elegant designs, has been building since the phone went on sale in stores on
Friday. Opening weekend sales of the two new phones topped 10 million, a record.

Websites devoted to Apple products hosted comments and pictures by new owners
complaining of slight but noticeable changes to the frame.

TechCrunch noted that a similar complaint surfaced in the early days of the 5
and 5s launches, and several tech journalists pointed out that hunting for the
"first flaw" in an Apple product launch had become a tired part of the Apple
product cycle. First the rumor, then the launch, then hyperfocus on small
problems -- dubbed the "gates," as in "antenna-gate" and now "BendGate."

But analysts dismissed talk of BendGate.

"I think it's a gross overreaction. The reality is that, yes, the phones do bend
under pressure. But so would any other phone," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene
Munster said. "It's just the physics of what they are trying to accomplish."

Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin says he thinks the problems are
isolated.

He says he has been carrying his iPhone 6 Plus in the pocket of his tight jeans
for a week without any bending.

"Apple has proven anytime there is a problem, they move quickly to correct it.
That will be the case here," he said.

Apple shares  ended Wednesday's session down nearly 1%, lagging a 1% rise in the
Nasdaq composite index. The company also pulled its iOS 8.0.1 update after
reports of problems, including cellphone connections and TouchID capability.

Apple's stock is still up over 3% since Sept. 8, the day before it unveiled its
new iPhones and mobile operating system and introduced its Apple Watch.

And then there was the humorous side. Besides the disgruntlement of some Apple
enthusiasts who had fought lines and crashing Web browsers to be among the first
to buy the phones, which start at close to $300 (with contract) for the iPhone 6
Plus, the apparent glitch also provided fodder for Twitter's finest stand-ups.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Lewis Hilsenteger, Unbox Therapy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Opportunists cash in on delayed iPhone launch in China

LENGTH: 475  words


The delay had given smugglers reason to cheer, with many Hong Kong residents
racing to pre-order the phone online.

Traders (Left and bottom) buy the newly-released Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6
Plus smart phones from people who bought the phones earlier from the Apple
store, at Hong Kong's Mongkok shopping district Sept 19, 2014. [Photo/Agencies]

Lured by the promise of profit from smuggling the new iPhones into China,
opportunists joined the thousands of Apple Inc fans lining up to buy the devices
as they were launched on Friday across Asia.

Regulatory hurdles mean the iPhone 6 and the larger iPhone 6 Plus won't be
available soon in China, the world's biggest smartphone market where Apple
products are popular.

Benefiting from the delay were many people in Singapore, Hong Kong and
Australia, who said they were buying as many iPhones as they could specifically
for resale in China.

Justin Leung, a 28-year-old financial planner from Hong Kong, said he paid his
friends in Japan to buy iPhones, which he plans to sell in the Chinese mainland.
Leung said he had set out to buy 35 iPhones from Tokyo, but he and his friends
only managed to get a hold of 25 units.

At an Apple store in Tokyo's up-market Omotesando boulevard, another Chinese man
said he had paid a group of Japanese to buy iPhones on his behalf. He declined
to identify himself, but was one of several Chinese buyers queuing up at the
store on Friday.

Apple representatives could not immediately be reached to comment on the
practice.

China has granted the new iPhone approval for use on domestic frequencies, but
the phone cannot be sold in China until a key network license is granted, the
official Xinhua news agency said on Thursday. It did not say how long that would
take.

The delay had given smugglers reason to cheer, with many Hong Kong residents
racing to pre-order the phone online.

Such is the appeal of the iPhone in China that in Singapore, several people said
they were getting paid to queue up to buy the devices with the intent of
reselling them to dealers.

At a shopping mall in the Marina Bay financial center, Clarence Chen said he and
13 friends had been paid to camped out overnight in front of an Apple store to
buy handsets.

"Our boss is paying us about $150 (US$120) per job," said the 18-year-old. "We
are all buying two - one maybe for ourselves, the other to sell."

Chen declined to identify who had hired him and his friends but said the phones
will probably be sold to a dealer.

Chinese national Shawn Shen, 32, said he was not an iPhone fan but took the day
off work to queue to buy two units.

"If I can get money from selling it, the wait is worthwhile," he said, adding
that he expected to make earn around $300 from selling the phone to dealers.

Graphic: How iPhone 6 stacks up against other smartphones
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday
                               Townsville Edition

HOW 'BOUT THESE APPLES?

BYLINE: ROD CHESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 375  words


APPLE yesterday launched a war on three fronts, with two big-screen iPhones to
tackle the phablet threat, a tap-and-touch payment system to kill your wallet
and a wearable device it hopes will rule them all.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who took over after the death of Steve Jobs three years ago,
used the words "one more thing" that Apple fans have craved since first hearing
it at the launch of the iPad in a presentation that the Cupertino-tech company
sees as another potential turning point.

While the details of the new iPhones have been widely leaked, there were some
surprises including the name of the biggest phone in the Apple family: the
iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPhone 6 is a 4.7-inch phone and the iPhone 6 Plus is a 5.5-inch phone and
both allow Apple to follow the market trend of bigger is better.

The iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus will both have Near Field Communication, or
NFC, a wireless communication system that some Android phones embraced years ago
which enables people to pay for good with a tap-and-touch of their phone at the
check-out of bricks and mortar stores. The idea of using your phone at the
check-out is not new but Apple is hoping the deals it has made with American
Express, Visa, and MasterCard, the major American banks and a string of
retailers will be enough for Apple Pay to take off.

The payment system begins in America in October but there are no details yet
when it might be released in Australia and what banks, credit cards and
merchants will be involved.

After years of rumours that Apple was working on a wearable device, the Apple
Watch was also finally unveiled yesterday.

The Watch will come in two sizes, a 38mm and a 42mm watchface, and three models,
all of which have interchangeable bands and will target consumers across a wide
range, from those wanting an activity tracker to those looking for an up-market
timepiece.

The iPhones will go on sale in Australia from September 17, with prices for the
iPhone 6 ranging from $869-$1129 for a 16GB to 128GB phone and $999-$1249 for a
16GB to 128GB iPhone 6 Plus.

They will also be available from Telstra, Optus and Vodafone with preorders from
this Friday.The Watch will go on sale in the US early next year, with no word
yet on its Australian availability and pricing.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

iPhone sales contribute to a record quarter for Apple (AAPL);
Apple announced record profits in the last fiscal quarter of 2014 thanks to a
surge in iPhone sales. But falling iPad sales have investors questioning how
Apple can turn the device around.

BYLINE: Bryan Cronan Staff Writer

SECTION: Innovation

LENGTH: 577 words


What a past few months it has been for Apple. The company unveiled a batch of
new products, and now the company has announced it had one of its best quarters
ever.

Apple announced Monday that huge sales of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus pushed it to
have a record-breaking fourth quarter, which ended on Sept. 27. Apple made $42.1
billion in revenue during that time, up from $37.5 billion during the same
period last year. Of that revenue, Apple made $8.5 billion in net profit, which
was 13.3 percent higher than the same quarter a year ago.

One of the major drivers of Apple's quarter was the iPhone. On Sept. 9, Apple
released the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Though the phones were much larger than
previous versions, they've caught on. Apple sold 10 million phones during the
first weekend the phones were on sale. During the quarter, Apple sold a total of
39 million iPhones, up from the 33.8 million it sold during the same time last
year. And the record numbers don't include the sale of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus
in China because Apple didn't begin selling in one of the world's biggest
smartphone markets until Oct. 10.

"Demand for the new iPhones has been staggering," Timothy D. Cook, Apple's chief
executive, said in a financial earnings call with investors. "I've never felt so
great after a launch before."

But some critics see a problem in the prosperity. As iPhone sales have grown,
Apple has become more dependent on the device to drive the company's profits.
iPhone sales amount to 70 percent of Apple's total profit, and that makes the
company vulnerable if the sales of the phone decline or competition, like
Samsung, begins to take a bigger percentage of the mobile market, Toni
Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein research, told The New
York Times.

"Increasingly Apple is the iPhone story," Mr. Sacconaghi said.

While iPhone sales have done well, sales of the iPad slid for the third straight
quarter. In the latest quarter, Apple sold 12.3 million, down from 14 million
during the same quarter last year.

At an event to announce a new generation of iPads last week, Mr. Cook said the
company had already sold 225 million iPads worldwide in the four years since the
device was released. But with the number of iPads already sold, market
researchers believe consumers who would be interested in buying a tablet already
have one, and they haven't seen a reason to upgrade.

"The year to year improvements aren't enough to get yearly upgrades," e-commerce
consultant Bryan Eisenberg told MarketWatch. A recent study found that iPad
owners only upgrade their devices every two to four years, compared to every two
years for iPhone owners.

Even with declining iPad sales, Apple remains optimistic about the upcoming
quarter. In a call with investors, Apple announced it expects to make $63.5
billion to $66.5 billion in the first quarter next year. That's up 13.7 percent
from the $57.6 billion in revenue Apple made in the first quarter a year ago.

"With amazing innovations in our new iPhones, iPads and Macs, as well as iOS 8
and OS X Yosemite, we are heading into the holidays with Apple's strongest
product lineup ever. We are also incredibly excited about Apple Watch and other
great products and services in the pipeline for 2015," Cook said in a press
release.

After taking a dip in mid-October, Apple's stock is up 2.19 percent by Tuesday
afternoon to $101.93 a share. Apple has approved a 47 cents cash dividend per
share for common stock.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Rush of orders for iPhone 6 Plus

BYLINE: Matt Warman; Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 326 words


APPLE'S new, large-screen iPhone 6 Plus already accounts for one third of all
new iPhones pre-ordered, UK sources say.

The launch of the new iPhones is prompting users to buy larger screen sizes in
unprecedented numbers, as the base model now offers a 4.7-inch screen and the
larger model sits firmly in the previously challenging "phablet" space, between
mobile phones and tablets.

Sources at UK mobile networks said that the largest, 5.5-inch iPhone Plus
accounts for 30pc of all orders and has largely already sold out. The 64GB
model, previously the highest capacity available, is now either the best-selling
or the equal of the cheaper 16GB version.

The 6 Plus, which starts at £619, has also sold out on Apple's online store,
with delivery times now quoted as three to four weeks.

Although mobile networks said they expected a positive response, they admitted
the high proportion of 6 Plus orders had taken them by surprise.

One suggested that the growing popularity of watching films and TV on
smartphones, as well as the device's significantly longer battery life, were the
most likely reasons.

With the new, 4.7-inch iPhone 6, however, continuing to be the focus for most
customers, network sources suggested that it is ensuring Apple both retains its
existing customers and that it is even starting to take customers back from
Google's rival Android operating system.

Both devices officially go on sale on Friday, and have received a "record number
of pre-orders", according to the company.

"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible," an Apple spokesman
said.

US customers ordered more than 4m handsets within 24 hours, which exceeded the
initial pre-order supply, meaning some may not ship until October, Apple said.

Phones 4U has issued a statement reassuring customers who placed orders for the
two models that they would be refunded following the announcement that the
retailer collapsed into administration on Sunday night.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2014 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Apple hopes small will be big in China and India;
Tech giant launches new strategically priced iPhone SE to target developing
smartphone economies

BYLINE: Rhiannon Williams

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 520 words


THERE was a time in consumer technology when companies were falling over
themselves to shrink their products. The bulky, brick-like mobile phones of the
early 1980s slowly morphed into hardy plastic handhelds, before transforming
into lightweight flip phones and sleek metal-and-glass smartphones. Components
were slimmer, the technology and software more sophisticated than ever before.

Then, in 2011, Samsung released what would come to be the first "phablet" - a
portmanteau of phone and tablet - the Galaxy Note, measuring 5.3in diagonally.
An instant success, the Note range has sold more than 50m units, and kickstarted
our obsession with larger phones.

In 2012, Apple was still making iPhones measuring 3.5in. By 2013, this had crept
up to 4in, and by 2014, to 4.7in and 5.5in for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
respectively. These new phones, Apple claimed, were "bigger than bigger", and
they sold by the shedload.

That's starting to change. On Monday, the world's most valuable company unveiled
its new iPhone. But instead of an ever-larger, ever-thinner iPhone 7, it is a
return to the 4in screens and a new name, the iPhone SE. This £359 handset
combines the smaller size of the past with newer features including a faster A9
processor, improved 12MP camera and near-field communication (NFC) chip to
facilitate payments through the contactless Apple Pay system.

These features are new but not brand new: they all exist in the iPhones
currently on sale. Major renovations - such as removing the physical home button
or headphone jack - may be saved for the iPhone 7, which isn't due for release
for another six months. So why should we care? The iPhone SE has been designed
with two very different customers in mind. The first is the current 4in iPhone
owner who is looking to upgrade, but doesn't want an enormous replacement.

The second, and perhaps the most important, customer is living in India or
China. The SE is far less expensive than the 6 and 6s models. Apple will
probably slash the price of the 5s by around 50pc, according to KGI Securities
analyst Ming-Chi Kuo.

Apple announced in January that iPhone sales in India rose 76pc yearon-year, and
the company plans to open its first retail stores there soon. China is Apple's
second largest market by revenue behind the US.

Yet lowering prices is not necessarily the answer to selling more iPhones. Apple
learned this with the dual launch of the iPhone 5c and 5s, which had a price
disparity of $100. Customers were willing to pay for the more expensive phone
more attractive features - the premium aluminium design and Touch ID fingerprint
scanner, over the polycarbonate 5c.

The new handset with the performance and benefits of the iPhone 6s will
introduce more customers to the Apple software ecosystem of Apple Pay, Apple
Music, iTunes and eventually its answer to Netflix. The iPhone 5s will likely
become the entry-level model, as the SE racks up respectable sales from emerging
markets, and the hardcore faithful wait for the 7 in September.

'iPhone sales in India have risen 76pc year-on-year and Apple plans to open its
first retail stores there soon'

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tim Cook, the head of Apple, and other executives made a series of
product announcements, including a cheaper Apple WatchAP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2016 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     September 22, 2014 Monday 3:31 PM GMT

Apple breaks record by selling 10 million iPhone 6 smartphones in just three
days

BYLINE: Standard Reporter

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 174 words


Apple has broken its own record by selling more than 10 million units of its new
iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models in just three days.

A year ago the tech giant reported sales of nine million of the then new iPhone
5S and 5C models.

The new devices became available to customers who pre-ordered on Friday, after
being unveiled at a huge launch event in California on September 9.

The iPhone 6 Plus comes with a 5.5-inch screen, compared to the four-inch screen
of the current generation iPhone 5s, while the iPhone 6, which is also larger,
now coming with a 4.7-inch screen. Both devices also have what Apple call
"ion-strengthened glass" screens.

Apple iPhone 6 launch

The iPhone is available in the US, UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong
Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and Singapore and will go on sale in 20 more countries
on September 26.

Related stories

CEO Tim Cook said demand for the phones had exceeded the company's expectations.

Besides larger screens, the new phones offer faster performance and a wireless
chip for making credit card payments.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2014 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

NBTC official

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 215 words


defends tweet

on iPhone 6

Usanee Mongkolporn

The Nation

Takorn Tantasith, secretary-general of the National Broadcasting and
Telecommunications Commission, yesterday insisted that his tweet about the NBTC
awarding its standard certification to the new iPhone 6 was in line with the
regulator's responsibility to keep the public informed as part of its
consumer-protection role.

His remark followed questions on some online sites that his tweet might affect
the iPhone marketing strategy in Thailand.

Apple representatives met with Takorn yesterday to make it clear that the
company had yet to finalise whether the two approved models would be named
iPhone 6.

Takorn had tweeted on Tuesday that the NBTC had approved this "type" of device,
which would allow the iPhone 6 to be sold in this country.

On the same day, he also told reporters that Apple South Asia (Thailand) sent
two models of the iPhone 6 for certification. The NBTC approved the types last
Friday.

Informing the public that the iPhone 6 model passed this type approval would
make consumers feel confident about purchasing the model, he added.

He claimed the tweet did not amount to divulging the company's trade information
to the public.

It is his own judgement to release any information to the public for consumers'
benefit, he added.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                            October 2, 2012, Tuesday

iPhone, iPad users howl over battery drain after iOS 6 updgrade;
Users of older iPhones, iPads recharging more often, floundering for fixes

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1077 words


Some iPhone users and bloggers are reporting that older iPhones updated to iOS 6
are draining their batteries much fasterthan before, and sometime heating up
during or after recharging.

Based on posts at Apple's online support boards and other online forums, it's
difficult to know what the cause or causes are, and how widespread the problem
is. The boards are replete with complex experiments by users trying a wide range
of fixes to the battery life problem.

ROUNDUP: 15 Best iPhone Apps for Newbies (2012) MEETING OF THE MINDS: Former
Apple, NASA engineers wed to brew up insanely great coffee Yet iPhone 5, with a
bigger screen, LTE support, and a more powerful CPU seems to have excellent
battery life. InformationWeek's Eric Zeman noted the discrepancy as he was
reviewing the newest iPhone. "Combined, these [new features] might have been a
disaster for the iPhone 5's battery life," he wrote in a blog post this week.
"Instead, the slightly larger battery in the iPhone 5 and the way the A6
processor handles iOS 6 means excellent power management."

"But iOS 6 isn't as friendly to the iPhone 4S and iPhone 4 when it comes to
battery life," he writes. "I've installed iOS 6 on both the iPhone 4S and 4,
and, have noticed, along with other users, that battery life has taken a pretty
big hit on these older iPhones."

At least a few users say they see similar battery life drops running iOS 6 on
their iPads. According to one of Zeman's commenters, Mike Schmidt, "Same here. I
upgraded my iPhone 4 and my iPad 3 and both have very much reduced battery life.
So much so, that I missed taking some more pics at the Ryder Cup yesterday in
Chicago. I may go back to IOS5 and hope the problem clears up."

A Network World request to Apple public relations about this issue had not yet
received an acknowledgement when this story was posted.

One discussion thread on Apple's support boards, "iOS 6 iPhone 4s battery
drain," had just over 116,000 views and nearly 800 comments by Monday afternoon,
Oct. 1. Another thread, "Is iOS 6 draining iPhone 4 battery faster?" had 40,718
views and 247 replies.

"I'm using an iPhone 4S and with iOS5 I had to recharge it every 2 days," posted
Vincentthu. "Since iOS 6 I need several recharge a day and my wifi is not
working anymore (Greyed out - that's another problem). My solution: Deactivate
'cellular data' and deactivate 3G. I removed GPS too and SIRI and all options
are deactivated. Notifications are turned off. Now it's better but my phone is
as usefull as a Nokia from the 90's."

Some users are finding shockingly fast battery drains. "I updated to IOS6 last
night and my ip4 went from 36-48 hours between charges to draining completely
and dying from 6:30am to 11am this morning, mostly just sitting in my pocket,"
posted Thedjprice.

"*** apple unacceptable. I used the device for roughly 30-45 minutes and the
rest of the time it sat in my pocket."

One common recommendation, often from Apple staff at the company's retail stores
or from other users online, was to reset one's phone as a "new phone." But that
didn't work for lcroke0002, who did it four times, twice at an Apple retail
store, "all to no avail," he posted. "I have run 3 battery cycles and turned
off/on all types of apps (Apple and non-Apple). Battery and heat issues still
exist." On Sunday night, he got a phone call "from an Apple tech who monitors
the boards and he had me install a battery profile on my phone" to create a file
of activity. According to the tech, it's a software issue. "Tonight I will speak
to him again and send the file the profile is creating. Hopefully, this gets
resolved quickly."

One of the baffling aspects to the problem is its lack of consistency. "This
also doesn't happen every time," posted another user, Grayum Baker. "For
example, I was home all day yesterday and my battery worked normally. Then, last
evening it started draining almost 1% every minute or two. I read an article
earlier in the day that recommended Reset All Settings and force quitting all
active background apps. I did that late last evening and still had the problem.
I turned off Siri. Still draining.

At bedtime I turned the phone off while recharging. This morning the battey
seems to be normal again."

Some users stumbled on apparent solutions. TracyLynnT deleted her Facebook
account from the iOS 6 integrated Facebook feature in Settings. "I started
thinking that since the FB integration updates your contacts and calendar it is
probably constantly receiving data," she wrote. "My battery seems to be back to
normal after doing that."

Another, annafromcapon bridge, said she logged out of her Facebook app, and
"turned off all the iCloud stuff except for 'Find My Iphone' and my battery is
back to normal. Now I access FB using the Chrome browser. I leave Safari off
most of the time (unless is autoloads when I click on a link in an email, for
example). My notifications and location settings were already at a minimum. I
also drained the battery and then charged it overnight. Battery is back to the
way it was before IOS 6 update."

But those kinds of "fixes" had other users grumbling. ChicagoBubba noted that he
was now routinely turning off Cellular Data to conserve battery. "I see many
people are willing to just shut things off freely, and I can't understand any
justification for doing so," he wrote. "Why buy an iPhone just to cripple it and
say you only text and make calls anyway? In that case these people might be
better off with a simple flip phone."

"I found something that "works" but it's not really a fix and is really really
annoying," posted Resterix, who with his wife and a friend all had
factory-unlocked iPhone 4S models. "If I turn off 3g and cellular data, and then
do a hard restart of the phone, we can go all day and only lose about 15% of
battery life. Once I turn 3g or cellular data on, even with all apps closed,
we'll lose 1% every 3-5 minutes on standby."

He describes a maddeningly manual sequence of events: "So, if i'm out and want
to use data, I have to go into settings, turn on 3g and cellular data. Do the
thing I wanted to do. Then, go back into settings, turn off 3g and cellular and
then do a hard restart.. I am thinking it has something to do with the factory
unlocked iphones, as my friends who have carrier locked phones don't seem to
have any battery issues."

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network World.
Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2012 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

iPhone 6 to retail in India from Oct 17

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 6 -- The latest model of the Apple mobile phone, the iPhone 6,
will hit the Indian markets Oct 17 with a price range of Rs.53,500 to Rs.80,500,
according to the company's distributors in New Delhi.

For the first time, Apple is introducing its pre-booking concept in India, by
which a person interested in buying the iPhone can go to any of Apple's
distributors, choose a model and pre-book.

Once that is done, a coupon will be issued that can be used to buy the actual
phone from the midnight following Oct 6.

For a 16 GB iPhone 6, the price has been fixed at Rs.53,500, going up to
Rs.62,500 for a 64 GB and Rs.71,500 for a 128 GB. For the iPhone 6 Plus, the
price will be Rs.62,500 for 16 GB, 71,500 for 64 GB and Rs.80,500 for a 128 GB.

"Customers can pre-order both models beginning Oct 7 at 12:01 a.m. at the major
retail outlets of the partners," said Ingram Micro, one of Apple's largest
distributors and partners in India.

Early September, Apple had unveiled two bigger screen versions of the iPhone,
the 6 and the 6 Plus, a new Apple Watch, touting it as a comprehensive health
and fitness device, and a mobile wallet called Apple Pay.

"What we didn't do was take the iPhone and shrink the user interface and strap
it on your wrist," Chief Executive Tim Cook had said at Applea??s splashy launch
event at the Flint Centre in Cupertino, California.

a??It's the most personal device we've ever created," he said of the new watch
with a traditional square watch face, calling it "a comprehensive health and
fitness device".

The Apple Watch pairs with the new iPhones to display notifications. It features
a magnetic charger, health and fitness apps and a crown that controls zoom and
scrolling with a twist. It also tells time.

Apple said it will sell three versions of the Apple Watch, including a sports
model and an 18 carat gold model called the "Apple Watch Edition". The Apple
Watch also comes in two sizes, one slightly smaller than the other.

Announcing its version of the mobile wallet Cook said: "We've created an
entirely new payment process, and we call it Apple Pay."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2014 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Network World

                             June 28, 2013, Friday

iPhone 6 rumor rollup for the week ending June 28;
nano a mano, battery included, June 29, Chinese assembly line

BYLINE: John Cox

LENGTH: 1746 words


The photoleaks of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 5S - or something - become a
photophlood this week, revealing that, among otherthings, the Next iPhone will
indeed have a battery.

On the smaller-is-better-nanometer front, there was new hope that the iPhone 6
will have a chip made with a 20-nanometer process.

Which would mean, well, good news. Also, a reminder that iPhone 6 and possibly
iPad 5 will be announced Saturday June 29 amid a celebration of "Original
Passion, New Ideas" even though as of Friday afternoon no one apparently has
been invited. And the iOSphere gets to see a Chinese iPhone 5S assembly line in
action, more or less.

You read it here second.

__________"The [iPhone 5S] handset will launch with the same design as its
predecessor.  It will come with barely updated components and will lack the
feature set that would put it on an even playing field with the Samsung Galaxy S
4. In other words, the iPhone 5S could very well disappoint those who have come
to expect big things from Apple."

~ Don Reisinger, eWeek.com, in his "news analysis" of the design, components,
and feature set of Apple's unannounced next iPhone relies entirely on rumors to
confidently conclude it will be a failure.__________ iPhone 6 in 2014 will have
a 20-nanometer system-on-chip If it's smaller, it's better.

The iOSphere was thrilled when DigiTimes posted yet another anonymously sourced
story that says Apple has signed a deal with Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
Company (TSMC) to create the next Apple A-series chips using 20, 16 and 10
nanometer process nodes. Both TSMC and its integrated chip design service
partner, Global UniChip, declined comment.

DigiTimes' "industry sources" for this post said that the 20nm process will be
used for building Apple's A8 chip, starting in small volumes in July 2013, with
new equipment being installed to process 50,000 wafers in the first calendar
quarter of 2014. DigiTimes: "The upcoming Apple A8 processor will be found in a
new iPhone slated for release in early 2014, and the A9/A9X chips will be used
in the newer-generation iPhone and iPad products, the sources claimed."

TSMC has a Webpage on its 20nm technology.  There's been speculation but no
details about a purported A7 chip for the 2013 iPhone. Just this week, there
were photographs alleged to be of the interior of an early iPhone 5S prototype
(more on this below). But apparently little could actually be learned from the
processor shown in the photos.

DigiTimes posted in April about TSMC and Apple moving forward with 20nm. Picking
up on the post, MacRumors talked to former TSMC director Kurt Wolf, who said
that Apple's chip options for 2013 products included "smaller and more efficient
versions of the existing A6 family based on a 28-nm process rather than the
current 32-nm process, a more substantially modified A6 to boost power, or a new
A7 chip built on the 28-nm process before being moved to 20-nm next year."

The move to a 20 nanometer process is apparently a controversial one in the
silicon industry, as noted in this blog post at Altera, a custom logic
developer. [ZDNet's John Morris has a bit more accessible December 2012 article,
"The chip industry's looming 20-nanometer cliff"]  The technology, as both the
articles stress, complicates a wide range of issues both in manufacturing and in
systems design.

For one thing, TSMC has said that 20nm technology will boost raw speed by 30%,
not the 100 percent more commonly achieved in moving to a next-generation
process. Another issue is concern that the cost per transistor for 20nm may
never drop below that of the current 28nm node.

According to the Altera post, 20nm will double the number of transistors, which
apparently will be one of the most important changes. "The early adopters will
be only those devices that can translate the doubled transistor count into a
substantial edge in system performance, power consumption, or cost," according
to the blogpost. "Early examples will include multicore server CPUs, CPU/GPU
combination chips, high-end FPGAs, and certain ASIC SoCs--probably starting in
the mobile market."

iPhone 5S will have A7 chip Or at least an alleged December 2012 iPhone 5S
prototype had something that can be interpreted as an A7 chip.

This week, MacRumors "received" two new photographs, similar to what they
received last week, of what the website now labels a "prototype" iPhone 5S, and
asserts in the accompanying post that the visible processor is the A7 or a
prototype, based on its markings.

"The original A6 chip carried a model number of APL0598, with the A6X found in
the fourth-generation iPad carrying an APL5598 model number, demonstrating how
Apple varies the first digit for members of a given A-series family and
increments the second digit when transitioning to a new family," writes Eric
Slivka.

"As seen in one [new] photo, the chip carries an Apple model number of APL0698,
suggesting that this is indeed intended to be branded as an A7 chip rather than
a modification on the A6 chip found in the iPhone 5," according to Slivka The
other photo shows the interior of the prototype iPhone compared side by side
with the corresponding interior of the iPhone 5.

"In addition to the 1243 date code visible in the previous photo, the new photo
also clearly shows another date code of 1239 for the DRAM, indicating that that
portion of the chip was manufactured in late September 2012," according to
Slivka. "We have also determined that the device itself was assembled in
December 2012, making it a rather early prototype."

But we don't actually know how "early" in Apple's product development process we
are by looking at these photos. For all we know, a December 2012 prototype may
be quite late, assuming that it's intended for 2013 release and not for 2014 or
even later.

Or, perhaps, not at all.

When MacRumors showed last week's photos, Slivka declared that "The device
appears to carry the same redesigned logic board that appeared earlier this
week, suggesting that this is indeed a new iPhone."

The problem with this conclusion is it compares two distinct "data points"
without being able to judge their context or their actual relationship to each
other. As noted above, if this actually is a real prototype iPhone, where in the
development process is it?

Even if the prototype is bona fide, it still leaves all the major questions
still unanswered, including, "if it will be running an A7 system-on-chip, will
it have the power to drive a Retina display while maintaining the same battery
life?"

iPhone 5S will be announced Saturday June 29 There are rumors going around that
the iPhone 6 could be coming our way on June 29 and would mark the six-year
anniversary of the launch of the iPhone," according to Mike Johnson, at
Auto-oMobile.com.  It's not because Johnson has any new information himself,
just a good memory, which he's embellishing by alluding to "rumors" in the
plural and "iPhone 6".

It was actually only one rumor, posted last March by Matthew Lucas of Gizmorati.
He wrote: "An inside source from Apple (also confirmed by a third party) told
Gizmorati that both devices, the iPhone 5S and the iPad 5 will be unveiled
during a special event called 'Original Passion, New Ideas', on June 29, 2013."

And the significance of June 29? "This event is intended to celebrate six years
from the launch of the original iPhone, under the leadership of Steve Jobs and
the release of the iPhone 5S and iPad 5, under the leadership of Apple's current
CEO, Tim Cook, as both of these devices are developed entirely under Cook's
authority...," according to Lucas.

Johnson doesn't seem entirely convinced. "However a Saturday launch would be
something very new for Apple," he writes.

Not to mention that, as of Friday afternoon, Apple apparently has not invited
anyone to attend the event.

iPhone 5S will have battery A "stolen picture was sent to us late yesterday
afternoon," according to entertaining Google translation of a post at the French
tech website NoWhereElse.  Talk about thrills. And what did this act of thievery
reveal? Batteries. Packed in plastic containers. But not just any batteries.

Though unlabeled and indeed entirely unmarked, "these batteries indeed strongly
resemble those that fit the current iPhone 5," according to NoWhereElse.

MacRumors couldn't resist its own post about the French post, but mainly to
highlight its own anonymous photo of a possible iPhone 5S battery, or a
prototype of one. In that post, Eric Slivka notes that the photo shows a
higher-capacity battery: "the battery offers a higher capacity than the iPhone 5
battery, moving from 5.45 Whr and 1440 mAh to 5.92 Whr and 1560 mAh, an increase
of roughly 8%."

"Every day a leak," according to NoWhereElse. Quite so.

iPhone 5S displays revealed on assembly line Or as the BGR headline has it:
"Leaked photo shows iPhone 5S display on the assembly line"  We're unsure if Dan
Graziano's enthusiasm is triggered by seeing the display's front panel or the
Chinese assembly line.

In any case, here's the image, which originally appeared on the Chinese blogging
site Sina Weibo. It should be obvious that this is a Chinese assembly line.
Though a cynic might suggest it looks like a sheet of aluminum siding.  But
apparently Graziano can tell the difference at a glance.   "The components
appear on an assembly line, lining up with earlier reports that stated mass
production of Apple's iPhone 5S display has begun," he declares. "The image,
which was originally spotted by GForGamers, also suggests that the smartphone
will include redesigned flex cable connectors, which aligns with BGR's earlier
exclusive report."

That Earlier Exclusive Report by Zach Epstein featured a handful of obscure
components, which were provided by "a source that asked not to be identified."
These components, which Epstein assured readers point to a "significant internal
redesign" of the Next iPhone, included such revealing elements as the
loud-speaker bracket, ear speaker bracket, vibrating motor assembly, Wi-Fi flex
cable ribbon and, The Rollup's favorite, "two different SIM card trays." These
magical trays are not only thinner than the current trays but are in two
different colors, "which could support earlier rumors suggesting that the iPhone
5S will be available in several new colors," Epstein explained.

Redesigned flex cable connectors. We can hardly wait.

John Cox covers wireless networking and mobile computing for Network
World.Twitter: http://twitter.com/johnwcoxnwwEmail: john_cox@nww.com



LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                       Copyright 2013 Network World, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           February 9, 2013 Saturday

Apple iPhone 5S, 6 spotted at supplier: Report

SECTION: HARDWARE

LENGTH: 289 words


NEW DELHI: Over the past few months, the rumour mill is abuzz with reports about
iPhone 5S and iPhone 6 - the two new smartphones that Apple is supposedly
working on. Speculations have been rife about the upcoming models, from their
prices to colour options and features. Now a report claims that the two
smartphones have been spotted for the first time at the facility of an Apple
supplier.

A user named Old Yao has claimed on a Chinese microblogging website Sina Tech
that a friend of his working with an Apple supplier has seen the iPhone 5S and
iPhone 6. He revealed that the former looks exactly like iPhone 5, while the
latter is longer, wider and thinner. The post also said that the two devices are
likely to be launched in 2013.

Previously, TOI reported that Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst with KGI Securities, has
said that Apple is working on an iPhone 5 successor that will have new features
like snappier processor, fingerprint sensor, better camera and more powerful LED
flash. Kuo's claim of fingerprint recognition system gains a little credence
from Apple's 2012 acquisition of Authentec, which deals with this technology.

The second iPhone will be cheaper and will be same as iPhone 5 but will be a
little stockier, said Kuo. Instead of the aluminium body and waistline of 7.6mm,
the cheaper iPhone will have a plastic casing and measure 8.2mm around the
sides. He also said this device will be available in six colours, a rumour that
has done rounds in the past as well.

Technology blog iLounge has also reported about the upgrade in camera sensor,
saying that the upcoming phone may have Sony's 13MP unit. The report also says
that the two prototypes under development are named N51 and N53.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dailybhaskar.com

                     September 9, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

China Telecom confirms Apple iPhone 6 4.7-inch specs

LENGTH: 284  words


Once again, telecom operator China Mobile has put up specs details of the Iphone
6 4.7-inch model, which confirms that its launch is imminent. The specs details
have been put up a few hours ahead of the Apple event, where the company will
finally be unveiling the most awaited Iphone 6 models, including the 5.5-inch
variant and the 4.7-inch variant, along with the iWatch and iOS 8.
Interestingly, the leaked details differ from what is known so far, and
highlights some changes in the specifications that have been suggested by
earlier reports

As per the specs details listed on the telecom operator's website, the iPhone 6
4.7-inch variant will come with an Apple A8 chipset with quad-core CPU, and will
be available in 16/32/64/128GB variants. The 4.7-inch display is touted to come
with 1134 x 750 pixels resolution, which does not seem much attractive
considering that flagbearers of other top tier brands flaunt much higher
resolution. The display will however be covered by sapphire glass, as was
suggested by earlier reports.

As per the China Mobile's sign-up page, the iPhone 6 will sport an 8-megapixel
rear camera and a 2.1-megapixel front-facing camera. It will measure at 138x67x7
mm. Another interesting point to notice is that the phone is touted to be water
and dust resistant.

Considering that China Mobile has listed only the 4.7-inch variant of the iPhone
6, it is likely that Apple might first launch the iPhone 6 5.5-inch variant in
the US only due to limited stock of the device, and bring it to other markets
later this year or by early next year.

A recent report mentioned that both the variants of the iPhone 6 will be
available from September 19, however this could be in the US only.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


          Copyright 2014 I Media Corp Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           September 15, 2015 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Strong sales of new iPhones linked to China; Bustling market

BYLINE: Julia Love, Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 543 words


Apple Inc. said on Monday that advance orders of its new iPhones were on pace to
beat the 10 million units the previous versions logged in their first weekend
last year, a feat that analysts attributed to the inclusion of sales from China.

The Chinese debut of the prior models, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, was delayed last
year as the company awaited approval from regulators. Many analysts say China is
poised to overtake the United States as Apple's biggest market.

Searching for signs of whether Apple can top its 2014 performance, investors
were initially encouraged by the company's remarks but later tempered their
enthusiasm. Apple shares were up 0.7 per cent in afternoon trading after rising
as much as 2.3 per cent earlier in the session.

Apple did not disclose the specific number of advance orders it received for the
new iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. Analysts had expected about 4.5 million for the first
24 hours, compared with 4 million during the first day last year.

Apple began taking preorders on Saturday for the phones, which will begin
shipping Sept. 25.

The company said it was working to catch up to demand for the iPhone 6S Plus,
the larger of the two new phones, which exceeded its forecasts for the preorder
period.

"Preorders this weekend were very strong around the world," Apple spokeswoman
Trudy Muller said in a statement.

After shattering sales records last year with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple has
been dogged by questions of whether it can sustain the momentum this year.

BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis said the company had always enjoyed a burst of
sales of new phones from diehard fans and customers who are due for an upgrade.

"Will these phones have the same staying power as the iPhone 6?" he asked. "It's
still going to be a challenge."

The exclusion of the Chinese market last year set a low bar for Apple to clear
with preorders this year, he added. However, John Jackson of IDC said the 6S and
6S Plus's strong early performance dampened concerns on Wall Street.

"Apple has this track record of outperforming its own outperformance, but the
iPhone 6 looks like an extraordinarily tough act to follow," he said. "The fact
that they are fast out of the gate with this refresh is a very encouraging
sign."

FBR Capital Markets senior analyst Daniel Ives said he was encouraged by the
response in China, where Apple's website showed particularly long wait times for
the phones.

"It shows that they are off to a white-hot start, with China really being front
and centre as a main driver of initial demand," he said.

After last year's redesign, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus feature more modest
updates, such as improved cameras and 3D touch, a display technology that
responds according to how hard users press their screens. But Apple executives
have stated that only a fraction of users have upgraded to the iPhone 6,
suggesting the company has ample room to grow. Last week Apple announced the
phones, as well as a new TV set-top box that responds to voice commands, but the
new products underwhelmed many social media commentators and investors.

Apple relies heavily on the sale of its flagship iPhones, which generated nearly
twothirds of its revenue in the latest quarter. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Edelson, AFP, Getty Images; Apple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new
iPhone 6s and 6s Plus during an Apple media event last week.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman, with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than one billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

New iPhone 7 ditches the headphone socket

BYLINE: James Dean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 432 words


The headphone socket has been a mainstay of portable music players since the
days of the Walkman , with its roots in the telephone exchanges of the late 19th
century.

However, its days could be numbered. Last night in San Francisco, Apple unveiled
the iPhone 7, the first iPhone without a headphone socket.

The 3.5mm socket has featured on every iPhone since Steve Jobs launched the
first one in 2007. Since then, Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the
smartphones.

When Apple does something radical, other companies tend to follow. Philip
Schiller, the Apple executive in charge of marketing, said that the company
decided to scrap the headphone jack because it had "the courage to move on".

The iPhone 7 is to be sold with EarPods, Apple's standard earphones, which will
now connect to the device through its charging port. Apple AirPods, the
company's new noise-cancelling wireless earphones, will be sold separately, for
£159. They last for five hours on a single charge and can be recharged in their
carrying case. Apple will, however, appease the Luddites by including an adapter
that plugs in to the iPhone 7's charging port to create a standard 3.5mm
headphone socket.

The iPhone 7, with a 4.7in screen, and the iPhone 7 Plus, with a 5.5in screen,
will be available in the UK from September 16. The cheapest model will cost
£599. The new smartphones look like sleeker versions of their predecessors, the
iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. They come in black, silver, gold and rose gold, as
well as a new high-gloss jet black finish. Sir Jony Ive, chief design officer,
said that the new phones represented "the most deliberate evolution of our
founding design". The 12-megapixel camera on the iPhone 7 Plus has a wide-angle
lens and a telephoto lens. The single camera on the iPhone 7 features an optical
image stabiliser to prevent blurring from shaking hands and a high-speed sensor
for taking action shots, a lens that lets in 50 per cent more light and a more
powerful flash.

In addition, the new models feature longer battery life, louder speakers, faster
processors and graphics chips and both will be water resistant.

Both the iPhone 7 devices come with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB of storage, the latter
being double the amount of storage available in the original iPhone 6 series.

Key features AirPods Headphone jack scrapped; wireless headphones are sold
separately for £159.

Dual-lens camera Images are stitched together to create a photograph nearing the
quality of a professional SLR camera.

Battery life Two hours longer than iPhone 6.

Extra storage Cheapest iPhone 7 comes with 32GB storage.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday
                                  HOUSE & HOME

Apple sorry for software glitch, defends new iPhones

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY

LENGTH: 712 words


Apple made a rare apology Thursday for a software bug that has seen iPhone users
lose service, while seeking to quell a storm over reports that its new handsets
are susceptible to bending.

The slew of negative headlines saw a steep drop in Apple stock, as the US tech
giant acknowledged the software glitch, offering a temporary fix immediately and
a full update "in the next few days."

But Apple sought to minimize reports on bending of its newly released oversize
iPhone -- one analyst described the damaging claims as "a black eye" for Apple
--- saying it had only received nine complaints about the matter.

"Our iPhones are designed, engineered and manufactured to be both beautiful and
sturdy," a spokeswoman said in an email to AFP.

"They also feature stainless steel and titanium inserts to reinforce high-stress
locations and use the strongest glass in the smartphone industry."

The statement said that "with normal use a bend in iPhone is extremely rare and
through our first six days of sale, a total of nine customers have contacted
Apple with a bent iPhone 6 Plus."

Apple offered a "workaround" to the software glitch after numerous users
complained on social media and online forums that the iOS 8.0.1 update left
their phones largely inoperable.

The update, which was released and then pulled within hours Wednesday, had been
developed to add in fitness monitoring programs which were omitted from the iOS
8 platform released last week.

"We have a workaround for you if you have an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus and you
lost cellular service and Touch ID functionality today after updating to iOS
8.0.1," Apple said.

The California company released fully updated iOS 8.0.2 software late Thursday
to fix the problem, but it was not immediately clear if that had done the trick.

- #BendGate -

It is further embarrassment to Apple after some users posted comments about
bends in the bodies of the oversize iPhone 6 Plus when carried in trouser
pockets.

On the MacRumors forum of Apple users, one iPhone buyer noted that, after
carrying the handset in a front pocket for 18 hours, "I saw the reflection of
the window in the iPhone slightly distorted."

The user posted a picture of the bent phone, and dozens posted similar
complaints on Twitter, using the hashtag #BendGate.

Apple shares tumbled 3.8 percent to $97.88 on the news, amid concerns the
problems could hurt sales of the hugely profitable iPhones.

"It's certainly a black eye for Apple," said Roger Kay, analyst at Endpoint
Technologies Associates.

Kay said the software glitch "is not a major problem, they can fix that."

More serious, said Kay, is the whether Apple's new "phablet" will be viewed as
too fragile for some buyers.

"The bending problem is baked into the design of the phone so it's something
they can't just fix," Kay told AFP. "They're committed to this design."

The analyst said Apple may offer some compensation to buyers or it may take a
"hardball" approach by saying, "you're not supposed to abuse your phone or sit
on your phone, you're supposed to treat it like a piece of electronics."

- 'Let's get real' -

Brian White, analyst at the brokerage Cantor Fitzgerald, said the problems were
blown out of proportion and that the share drop offered a good buying
opportunity for Apple stocks.

"Let's get real," White said in a note to clients, calling the concerns about
bending "irrational."

"After taking both new iPhones for a spin at Apple's special event, and again
this week in Hong Kong, concerns with bending the iPhones never crossed our mind
as both felt very durable," he said.

"As such, we believe this concern offers investors an opportunity to take
advantage of this media-hyped situation and participate in what we believe is
the next 'super cycle' for Apple."

Apple said Monday it sold more than 10 million of the new smartphones in the
first three days since launching to fanfare in a handful of countries, setting a
new record for opening weekend sales as Apple diehards queued outside shops for
days.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were launched Friday in the United States,
Britain, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico and
Singapore.

They will be available in more than 20 additional countries on September 26, and
115 countries by the end of the year.

rl/pst

APPLE INC.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2014 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

iPhone 6 draws the must-have line;
Some waited overnight for the latest Apple phone, profit or both

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLINS; Tribune staff

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1199 words



HIGHLIGHT: Apple devotees will be lining up for the iPhone6. The Internatioal
Plaza site typically gets overnight lines.


Travis Stanford rather shyly confessed Friday that he had more than $1,400 in
motivation to stay overnight on the sidewalk at International Plaza mall to be
first in line for the iPhone 6. He's got a buyer on the side.

The money has already cleared my PayPal account, said Stanford, who did buy one
phone for himself, so it wasn't all just capitalism. There are so few iPhone 6
in the Plus sizes, there's a shortage now, and they're not shipping them for
months.. So a buddy of mine paid me to be here.

Stanford was one of thousands of Apple devotees in and around Tampa, and hordes
more around the world, who again lined up, some overnight, to be among the first
to buy the latest iPhone.

In this case it's the iPhone 6 and a larger version called the iPhone 6 Plus
that counts more as a phablet, or phone-tablet combination.

Apple has seen record preorders for the phone, and some iPhone 6 Plus buyers who
didn't get their orders in early enough may have to wait until Apple catches up
with production demands.

Tampa's International Plaza mall was again the site of devoted Apple buyers
willing to stay overnight for a place in line, even if that meant sleeping on
the sidewalks amid the trash bins behind the mall, where security staff are now
used to stationing portable toilets.

By 8 a.m., several hundred people were waiting to get in. Greg Rainha was at the
front.

We got here about 9 o'clock, and based on two years ago, we thought it would
come in handy to get here a little bit early, Rainha said. It turns out that I
was the first person to preorder in this area, so they let me in. I was standing
in line and got here, and it went really fast, so I'm really stoked.

With the new phone finally in hand, Rainha gave a quick critique. I got to say
it's incredibly light, he said. The curve on it is amazing. I really am stoked
about how really thin (it is). The profile is awesome. It's actually a little
bit smoother than the5.

Rainha's girlfriend, Abigail Russell, came along to stay in line with him and
considered the whole experience entertainment.

So much of life now you do online; there's no real experience, she said. You get
that experience when you come out to something like this.

Rainha's co-worker Jim Thompson gave him some friendly grief because he was
actually in line ahead of Rainha but got out of the store later because of a
breakdown in Apple's checkout system.

Yeah, the Plus size is a lot bigger, he said, flipping around his new white
phone. But if it doesn't fit in my pocket, I'll get bigger pockets.

At the AT&T store in South Tampa, more than 100 people were waiting outside when
the doors opened at 8 a.m. Friday. The line started forming about 10 p.m.
Thursday, with Romulus Ignat at the front, AT&T spokeswoman Karen McAllister
said.

Ignat, of Tampa, said he made a last-minute decision to camp out so he could get
the iPhone 6 Plus.

Adding to the demand, Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint all launched offers for
people to trade in their old iPhones for discounts on the new iPhone 6, which
boasts a larger screen, and the ability to turn on wireless payments.

That payment system should go live in waves as different retailers and banks
build out their systems to handle the transactions. Nike, Target, Bank of
America and others already have signed up for the system, called Apple Pay.

As for Stanford, who was paid to stand in line, he said he's not done yet. It's
a payday, he said. I may head over to Tyrone Square mall to get another one.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

Photojournalist Jay Conner contributed to this report.

iPHONE, Page 8

Travis Stanford rather shyly confessed Friday that he had more than $1,400 in
motivation to stay overnight on the sidewalk at International Plaza mall to be
first in line for the iPhone 6. He's got a buyer on the side.

The money has already cleared my PayPal account, said Stanford, who did buy one
phone for himself, so it wasn't all just capitalism. There are so few iPhone 6
in the Plus sizes, there's a shortage now, and they're not shipping them for
months.. So a buddy of mine paid me to be here.

Stanford was one of thousands of Apple devotees in and around Tampa, and hordes
more around the world, who again lined up, some overnight, to be among the first
to buy the latest iPhone.

In this case it's the iPhone 6 and a larger version called the iPhone 6 Plus
that counts more as a phablet, or phone-tablet combination.

Apple has seen record preorders for the phone, and some iPhone 6 Plus buyers who
didn't get their orders in early enough may have to wait until Apple catches up
with production demands.

Tampa's International Plaza mall was again the site of devoted Apple buyers
willing to stay overnight for a place in line, even if that meant sleeping on
the sidewalks amid the trash bins behind the mall, where security staff are now
used to stationing portable toilets.

By 8 a.m., several hundred people were waiting to get in. Greg Rainha was at the
front.

We got here about 9 o'clock, and based on two years ago, we thought it would
come in handy to get here a little bit early, Rainha said. It turns out that I
was the first person to preorder in this area, so they let me in. I was standing
in line and got here, and it went really fast, so I'm really stoked.

With the new phone finally in hand, Rainha gave a quick critique. I got to say
it's incredibly light, he said. The curve on it is amazing. I really am stoked
about how really thin (it is). The profile is awesome. It's actually a little
bit smoother than the5.

Rainha's girlfriend, Abigail Russell, came along to stay in line with him and
considered the whole experience entertainment.

So much of life now you do online; there's no real experience, she said. You get
that experience when you come out to something like this.

Rainha's co-worker Jim Thompson gave him some friendly grief because he was
actually in line ahead of Rainha but got out of the store later because of a
breakdown in Apple's checkout system.

Yeah, the Plus size is a lot bigger, he said, flipping around his new white
phone. But if it doesn't fit in my pocket, I'll get bigger pockets.

At the AT&T store in South Tampa, more than 100 people were waiting outside when
the doors opened at 8 a.m. Friday. The line started forming about 10 p.m.
Thursday, with Romulus Ignat at the front, AT&T spokeswoman Karen McAllister
said.

Ignat, of Tampa, said he made a last-minute decision to camp out so he could get
the iPhone 6 Plus.

Adding to the demand, Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint all launched offers for
people to trade in their old iPhones for discounts on the new iPhone 6, which
boasts a larger screen, and the ability to turn on wireless payments.

That payment system should go live in waves as different retailers and banks
build out their systems to handle the transactions. Nike, Target, Bank of
America and others already have signed up for the system, called Apple Pay.

As for Stanford, who was paid to stand in line, he said he's not done yet. It's
a payday, he said. I may head over to Tyrone Square mall to get another one.

rmullins@tampatrib.com

(813) 259-7919

Twitter: @DailyDeadline

Photojournalist Jay Conner contributed to this report.

iPhone

From Page 1

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

U2 to appear in California for the launch of Apple s new iPhone 6

BYLINE: Brian Boyd

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 284 words


U2 are in Cupertino, California, for the much-anticipated launch of Apple's new
iPhone 6 today, The Irish Times can confirm.

It's understood the band will be appearing at the 10am (6pm Irish time) launch
of the new phone, with their new album being available for streaming exclusively
on the phone.

Over the last few days, rumours have been circulating about a possible U2/Apple
iPhone6 collaboration. However, these were dampened by the band's official
spokeswoman saying yesterday: "They are not releasing their album on the iPhone
and they are not performing at the iPhone launch."

That statement was accurate, but the band will be appearing at today's big
launch, albeit not performing; and while the album will not be officially
released, it will be available to be streamed on the device.

U2 have had a long relationship with Apple. The band appeared in advertisements
for Apple's iPod in 2005 and they are close to the people behind Beats
headphones - Jimmy Iovine and Dr Dre.

Earlier this year Apple bought Beats and it is understood the new iPhone 6 will
come preloaded with the sound system.

Video shoot It now appears that a U2 music video shoot on the Samuel Beckett
bridge in Dublin a few weeks ago was not a U2 video shoot, but an Apple iPhone6
ad featuring the band. There was very tight security at the  shoot with banks of
umbrellas being used to block photography.

The release of the iPhone 6 has been heralded as a "game changer" in the mobile
phone/tech world.

The device is expected to shift millions of units in its first few days of
release with a JP Morgan analyst predicting that the new device will trigger
record iPhone sales with some 100 million sold before the end of the year.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 3:58 PM GMT

Fans queuing for iPhone 6 for two nights before launch;
Queues are starting to form in Cardiff ahead of the new phone going on sale
tomorrow morning

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


A group of friends will be queueing in Cardiff for two nights in a bid to get
their hands on the new iPhone 6.

Sascha Lopez, 24, Jamie Edward, 23, and Simon Williams, 24, all from the Swansea
area, started camping outside the capital's St Davids shopping centre at
lunchtime on Wednesday - nearly 48 hours before the new phone went on sale.

It means they are guaranteed to get into the centre's Apple store at 8am
tomorrow when they go on sale for the first time.

It is Sascha's third time to camp out for the latest Apple upgrade, but a first
for Jamie and Simon.

And they are not the only ones, self-employed builder Andy Walford, 40, from mid
Wales has been sleeping outside the Bullring outlet in Birmingham to get his
hands on one too.

Sascha said: "This is the third time I have camped out for a new phone. They
always have extremely limited stock so if you don't want to have to wait weeks
to get your hands on a phone this is the only way to do it.

"The new iPhone 6 is gorgeous piece of equipment. It is an unparalleled piece of
art."

The three friends invested in some blow up sofas after the first uncomfortable
night camped outside the shopping centre.

Andy in Birmingham said: "The pre-orders were snapped up online so quickly
compared to other times so that caused me to come down.

"Once I get it at 8am, I'm going home and straight to bed."

The demand for the phones have beaten all previous records with more than four
million units sold as pre-orders in the first 24 hours of going live, double the
number for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale to pre-order.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino
earlier this month, said the figures showed the enduring popularity of the
iPhone.

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                    September 18, 2014 Thursday 3:58 PM GMT

Fans queuing for iPhone 6 for two nights before launch;
Queues are starting to form in Cardiff ahead of the new phone going on sale
tomorrow morning

BYLINE: By Cathy Owen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 461 words


A group of friends will be queueing in Cardiff for two nights in a bid to get
their hands on the new iPhone 6.

Sascha Lopez, 24, Jamie Edward, 23, and Simon Williams, 24, all from the Swansea
area, started camping outside the capital's St Davids shopping centre at
lunchtime on Wednesday - nearly 48 hours before the new phone went on sale.

It means they are guaranteed to get into the centre's Apple store at 8am
tomorrow when they go on sale for the first time.

It is Sascha's third time to camp out for the latest Apple upgrade, but a first
for Jamie and Simon.

And they are not the only ones, self-employed builder Andy Walford, 40, from mid
Wales has been sleeping outside the Bullring outlet in Birmingham to get his
hands on one too.

Sascha said: "This is the third time I have camped out for a new phone. They
always have extremely limited stock so if you don't want to have to wait weeks
to get your hands on a phone this is the only way to do it.

"The new iPhone 6 is gorgeous piece of equipment. It is an unparalleled piece of
art."

The three friends invested in some blow up sofas after the first uncomfortable
night camped outside the shopping centre.

Andy in Birmingham said: "The pre-orders were snapped up online so quickly
compared to other times so that caused me to come down.

"Once I get it at 8am, I'm going home and straight to bed."

The demand for the phones have beaten all previous records with more than four
million units sold as pre-orders in the first 24 hours of going live, double the
number for the iPhone 5 when it first went on sale to pre-order.

The number of orders appears to have caught the technology giant off-guard, as
the firm stated that some devices might not reach customers until next month.

Apple CEO Tim Cook, who unveiled the new smartphones on stage in Cupertino
earlier this month, said the figures showed the enduring popularity of the
iPhone.

He said: "iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are better in every way, and we are
thrilled customers love them as much as we do. Pre-orders for iPhone 6 and
iPhone 6 Plus set a new record for Apple, and we can't wait to get our best
iPhones yet into the hands of customers starting this Friday."

Stuart Miles, CEO and founder of technology website Pocket-lint, believes that
customers are still drawn to Apple because of the way its products are designed.

"It's clear that people still very much love Apple products and that they really
do want a much bigger screen on their phones, and with four million units
already sold, and presumably thousands more to be sold over the weekend, the
excuses people had for leaving for Android are dwindling fast. It's also clear
that customers, when they can afford it, are happy to pay for design and build
quality over just getting something on the cheap."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     September 8, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Apple introduces iPhone 7 , iPhone 7 Plus

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 458  words


San Francisco, Sept 8 (IBNS): Tech giant Apple on Wednesday introduced iPhone 7
and iPhone 7 Plus, the best.

The new iPhone features new advanced camera systems that take pictures like
never before, more power and performance with the best battery life ever on an
iPhone, immersive stereo speakers, wide colour system from camera to display,
two new beautiful finishes, and is the first water and dust resistant iPhone.
iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in more than 25 countries beginning
Friday, Sept 16. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus dramatically improve every aspect of
the iPhone experience, reaching a new level of innovation and precision to make
this the best iPhone we have ever made, said Philip Schiller, Apples senior vice
president of Worldwide Marketing. Philip Schiller said: The completely
redesigned cameras shoot incredible photos and videos day or night, the A10
Fusion chip is the most powerful chip on any smartphone while delivering the
best battery life ever in an iPhone, and an entirely new stereo speaker system
provides twice the sound, all within the first water and dust resistant iPhone.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus take the worlds most popular camera and make it even
better with entirely new camera systems. The 12-megapixel camera includes
optical image stabilisation on both iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and a larger
/1.8 aperture and 6-element lens enable brighter, more detailed photos and
videos, and a wide colour capture allows for more vibrant colours with more
detail. iPhone 7 Plus features the same 12-megapixel wide angle camera as iPhone
7 and adds a 12-megapixel telephoto camera that together offer optical zoom at
two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos. Coming later this year,
the dual 12-megapixel cameras also enable a new depth-of-field effect, using
both cameras on iPhone 7 Plus to capture images, while sophisticated technology
including Machine Learning separates the background from the foreground to
achieve amazing portraits once possible only with DSLR cameras. The new
custom-designed Apple A10 Fusion chip features a new architecture that powers
these innovations, making it the most powerful chip ever in a smartphone, while
also getting more time between charges with the longest battery life ever in an
iPhone. The A10 Fusions CPU now has four cores, seamlessly integrating two
high-performance cores that run up to two times faster than iPhone 6, and two
high-efficiency cores that are capable of running at just one-fifth the power of
the high-performance cores. Graphics performance is also more powerful, running
up to three times faster than iPhone 6 at as little as half the power, enabling
a new level of gaming and professional apps. Image: Apple website grab

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Evening Chronicle

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

iPhones and queues... and they are all engaged

BYLINE: Hannah Flint

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 604 words


IT was an old-style queue for the latest new technology toy...and then they sold
out!

Hannah Flint Fanatics desperate for Apple's new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
queued for up to 12 hours outside Eldon Square shopping centre in Newcastle in
the rain.

In the early hours, over 300 stood in the queue that snaked up Newgate Street
before the Apple shop was finally opened at 8am.

Fans were still waiting outside at 10am on the day of the launch of the handsets
which promise 4G reception and longer battery life.

But many were left disappointed after the shop sold out of the iPhone 6 Plus -
the bigger version of the new phone.

Osan Al-Jaberly, 18, a student from Gosforth, said he waited in line at
Gateshead's MetroCentre at 4am, but left after he was told only the iPhone 6 was
being sold.

He then made his way to Newcastle's Eldon Square only to find out his desired 6
Plus was already sold out.

He said: "It wasn't worth me waking up so early - they won't get more iPhone 6
Pluses in until next week.

"I'm going to go home and complain to Apple - they need to sort their self out
and get more stock in the future."

The lucky few to get their hands on the new models waited 12 hours.

Calvin Liu, a 20-year-old student from Sunderland, said: "I came here at 9pm
last night and there were about 15 people in front of me. I've had all the
models of the iPhone: the 4, the 4S, the 5 and the 5S. I'm a huge iPhone fan."

He walked off with one iPhone 6 and one Plus, bought for his girlfriend.

Others came prepared for the wait. James Bunting, 24, bought chairs, crisps, an
umbrella and an energy drink and sat with two friends playing games in the queue
from midnight.

He said the team from Apple arrived at around 6am and let only a few in, while
leaving hundreds of others queued.

He managed to grab a phone just before 10am.

"It was a long nine hours but nine hours well served," he said.

But not everyone was so lucky. A group of fans who arrived at 4am were still
waiting at the end of the queue in the shopping centre by 9am on the
long-anticipated day of the launch, while many more were still stuck outside.
Student Jamal Khan, 18, from Stockton said: "We came here at four in the morning
and we're at the back of the line waiting for the phone. It's a bit upsetting."

THE NEXT GENERATION JUST a year after Apple launched the iPhone 5S and 5C, the
tech company have released the hotly-awaited sixth generation of the handsets.

Apple have promised the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus will be "bigger than bigger" and the
best iPhone yet.

The Plus model is wider, taller and heavier than its younger sibling. Both
promise a new operating system, iOS 8, 4G and longer battery life than their
predecessors. Users can look forward to 14 hours of 3G calling time for 6, while
the Plus boasts a huge 24 hours of talk time.

But the most exciting feature is a new integrated health app which works with an
in-built barometer and accelerometer to measure how many steps you take in a
day.

The phones can be linked up with the hotly anticipated iWatch - released next
year.

The cameras on the new models are the same as the 5S, at eight mega pixels, and
have the previous model's Touch ID Sensor, which allows owners to unlock their
phones in less than a second using just their fingerprint.

But the prices of the phones are eye-watering - even for Apple's standards.

The Plus will set you back £619 for the 16GB model, while the 128GB comes in at
a staggering £789.

The 6 may be slightly better value for money, at £539 for 16GB and £699 for the
128 GB model.

Above, ¦customers queue at Eldon Square while James Bunting and Gary Hann
managed to get a phone SIMON GREENER

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NEC


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
